Horror Nights

Author: Hyde

*000*2025-07-05 20:51

On a cool Friday evening, a new thriller had just released, Stab 7, the most recent entry to the franchise. Marisa couldn’t wait to see it, she loved horror movies, she’s never really found them scary before though, always campy and fun. But she never liked going alone, something was missing just being the only one there. She asked her housemate Ellie if she wanted to go with her.

“Those movies are like gore fests aren’t they?”

“Yes”

“And you want me to go to that?”

“Yes please I promise it will be worth it in the end.”

Ellie reluctantly went with her, she’d never actually seen any of these movies before. A psycho killer in a mask out to kill a bunch of teenagers. She was fine with the premise it was just the horrifying visuals she wasn’t a fan of, and she’s with Miss Fearless today too so who knows how insane this is going to be.

The theater was dark, cool air filled the room. Marisa, her black hair tossed over one shoulder, lounged in the leather seat, her red jeans now feeling slightly tighter. She drank her soda with a grin, unfazed by the gore on screen. Ellie, beside her, glanced at her friend's nonchalance. "How are you not freaked out by this?" she whispered, her fingers digging into Marisa's thigh.

Marisa shruged, taking another sip of her drink. "I'm not a kid. This is just fun." Her leg began to jiggle slightly, the first hint of discomfort. She've been holding it since before the movie, and the large soda wasn't helping. She glanced down the aisle, the exit sign a solid red. She wouldn’t miss anything she thought just a quick trip to the bathroom.

"I'll be right back," she murmured, starting to rise.

Ellie's hand shot out, gripping her waist. "What? You scared?" Her eyes twinkled with mischief. "The great Marisa, freaking out over a movie? I knew you were lying just admit it!"

Marisa froze, her cheeks heating. "I'm not scared," she hissed. "I just need to pee."

Ellie leaned closer, her breath warm on Marisa's ear. "Ohh, but you’re not a kid right? You might miss the best part! Unless fearless Marisa could be scared?. How bad can it be?" Her tone was all singing tease, but there was a darker churn underneath.

Marisa swallowed, her tight jeans feeling more restrictive by the second as she crossed her legs. The pressure was building, a steady throb against her bladder. Even then she didn’t have to go that bad, she just need some relief, she could wait til the end of the movie she thought. She glanced at the screen, then at Ellie. "Fine," she grumbled. "But you can’t leave either.”

Ellie laughed, settling back. "I’m not the one pretending to be calm but deal."

The movie played on, the tension mounting. Marisa's fingers dug into the armrests, her legs quivering. The pressure was a throbbing pain, but nothing she couldn’t handle. She squirmed, her hips shifting for relief that wouldn't come. She was ultimately fine, she held it through much longer movies before. She involuntarily pressed her legs together and kept bouncing in her seat. Ellie’s words echoed in her head “You’re not a kid right?” Ironically being words she said earlier, but she was right she isn’t, she could handle it.

Marisa took a deep breath, relaxed herself briefly to assess the situation, she had to pee but wasn’t dying for it, her bladder was filling but not full. She was psyching herself out it was not that serious, the refusal of her freedom to pee whenever she wanted got her a bit worked up. She was in control, complete control.

But in a moment of relaxation she let her guard down.

The screen blazed with a rapid montage of grotesque faces, gory corpses, horrifying imagery the characters in the movie were witnessing, the sound of a scream piercing the air. Marisa jolted, her body launching forward. A horror trope seen all too often in modern cinema, a jump scare. Marisa had seen hundreds, possibly even thousands, of these over the years, but this time it was different. This time as her heart raced after jumping, she felt something else that wasn’t normal, a new sensation that didn’t register immediately.

A sudden warmth spread across her thighs, the material of her red jeans darkening as her piss seeped from her control. Creating a puddle on the leather seat and pouring into the crevices to the sides. Marisa pressed both hands into her crotch as if to stop it, bitting down on her quivering lip.

Ellie was completely oblivious to this until it started to trickle down Marisa’s legs and pour off the now lake of a seat onto the floor making a distinct dripping sound in a otherwise quiet theatre. Ellie tore her gaze away from the screen, looked around briefly and then she saw it. Her eyes widened. "Oh my god," she breathed. "Marisa... did you just...?"

Marisa couldn't speak. The horror of what just happened, possibly worse than any horror from the movie they were watching, a wet layer now cover her pants, creating a two tone look. Her hands still pressed into the wetness, the sting of humiliation deepening with every second. She was still going now as Ellie watched and felt the wetness spread, her skin burning with piss and shame. The jeans clung to her, extremely warm before eventually growing cold.

Ellie grasped her shoulder. "Oh my god, you peed yourself." Her voice was a mix of horror and delight yet still quiet enough for the theater to not be disrupted. "In the middle of the theater."

Marisa after emptying the contents of her bladder felt too embarrassed to feel relieved "I... I didn't mean to," she stammered, her voice broken. "It was an accident."

Ellie snickered, pulling out her phone. "This I have to send to Jenna. You actually got so scared you pissed yourself! She won't believe it."

Marisa grabbed her arm. "Please," she whispered, her eyes bright with tears. "Please don't. I'll do anything."

Ellie had a evil grin on her face “Anything?”

The lights came up, the movie over. Briefly startling Marisa, now her accident could be visible to passersby while leaving. She again tried to cover herself with her hands. “Yes anything!” She said to Ellie in a hushed tone. Marisa couldn't move. She felt some drops still splashing on the ground below her, she was still sitting in the puddle on the seat she had created, afraid moving would push it all off creating a sound that would alert others to look over.

Ellie standing, grinning. "Okay deal. I have a idea or two. Come on. We got to get out of here first."

Marisa’s face burning. She got up as slowly and carefully she could. Now standing it was clear how bad it was. The front of her pants were spared partially as it only ran to just above her knees. The inside of her thighs and the back however were completely soaked, there was no mistaking it. Her curves were now accented with shame that clung to her like glue. “I can’t walk out like this everyone will see!” Marisa pleaded.

Ellie thought for a second, “Well we could go out the side exit but then you’d have to walk across the whole parking lot.” Marisa didn’t care, at least it wouldnt be that obvious if people saw her from a distance. “Side exit. Now.” Is all she could muster. She walked out of the theater, her soaked jeans clinging to her, the sound of squishing fabric with every step, she’s now realizing her boots are filled with piss also making her cringe. Luckily one of the exits was very close and no one in the theater, as far as they could tell, saw her accident.

They walked to Ellie’s car, Ellie walked slightly behind Marisa as a way to “cover” her but it didn’t matter anyone who saw would know immediately. Ellie did however get a good look at how bad it really was, and she couldn’t resist taking a picture for posterity, just in case.

They reached the car, Marisa was about to sit down but Ellie stopped her. “Wait! You’re not sitting in her like that.” Marisa sighed, “Then what do you want me to do?” She responded.

Ellie, again with a smirk, said “Take off your shirt and sit on it, then it should at least stop from messing up my seats a bit.” Marisa didn’t even question it, she didn’t have the willpower right now, she did as she was asked. She took off her black t shirt, revealing her purple bra and place it on the seat. Finally she was able to sit down and close the door. She leaned back still teary eyed from the events. But Ellie wasn’t ready to let her forget it yet.

Ellie finally burst into laughter. "Oh my god, I can't believe you actually peed yourself." She doubled over, weezing. "In the middle of the movie! You act like Buffy but you can’t handle being scared at all!”

Marisa nails dug into her thighs "I…l..” she murmured, her voice shaking. "It just... hit me. The jump scare. And I couldn't ..." Her eyes darted to the floor, peering at the wet fabric of her jeans.

"That's hilarious." Ellie then pulled out her phone again. "Jenna's gonna die when she sees this. Wanna face time her?"

Marisa grabbed her wrist. "No, please," she whispered, her eyes wide. "I'll do anything you want."

Ellie, a slow, deliberate smile spreading across her face. "Oh trust me I heard you the first time." Her eyes darkened. "How about let me take a video of you now, just for me I won’t share it I promise."

Marisa's face burnt. "You wouldn't." Her voice was a faint.

Ellie laughed, “I just want something to commemorate the day fearless Marisa got a little to scared.”

Marisa looked down, waiting for this to be over. “Oh you need to say something too.” Ellie said jovially. She whispered to Marisa her script, and for her phone ready. Marisa knew she had to.

Ellie drove them home where Marisa sprinted to the bathroom as quick as possible. She took off her boots and poured the liquid in them down the drain in the shower her white socks now stained yellow after sitting in piss for about a hour. Everything except her bra was now soaked. She debated just throw them all out, it would be easier than worrying about them further. While cleaning up she dreaded what Ellie had next for her, but she’d do anything to keep her mouth shut.

Meanwhile Ellie laid in her bed watched her phone, laughing, a video of a shirtless Marisa hands pressed between her thighs shakily saying “I peed myself after getting scared from a movie.” Ending with a close up of her drenched pants. Ellie loved every second of it, she loved proving someone isn’t fearless and loved the plans she had for her next.

To be continued…

Artwork of Marisa by Agidyne

*002*2025-07-06 04:06

{{2 hours ago, nananabatman said:

I loved this first chapter!

}}

Thank you :3 glad you liked it

*005*2025-07-06 13:00

{{5 hours ago, rfthawne said:

Really good start, excited to see where this goes!

}}

{{26 minutes ago, Bedwettingchik12 said:

Love the start

}}

Thank you :3

*006*2025-08-02 01:19

Time for part 2! But first some more art of part 1! &&

Now onto part 2!

It was now a late Saturday morning, Ellie’s eyes slowly opened. She felt groggy, her head hurt and for a second didn’t know where she was until she felt the familiar comfort of her bed. She slowly rose and sat up, still feeling a bit out of it she briefly stretched her arms out to relieve herself of her stiffness. She blinked a few times to clear up her vision, still sitting there a bit confused. She had a pretty good sleep all things considered but her head still was killing her and something felt off. Maybe she caught something and was getting sick, She thought to herself.

Meanwhile Marisa was relaxing in her room, she’d been up for a few hours now but she was still in her pajamas. She was reading some stories on her phone when she jumped unexpectedly at a sudden yet brief loud noise coming from somewhere else in the house. She had her door closed so it was hard to make out at first but she knew what it was. Marisa continued reading, “I’ll deal with that later I think…” she said to herself before getting a bit more comfortable.

One week ago

It was a early Saturday morning, Ellie woke up and quickly got up from her bed. Her dirty blonde hair was a mess and strands flew in every direction, she felt a bit sweaty her pajamas slightly sticking. She hadn’t showered the night before and promptly went to the bathroom to do that now. She put down a set of clean clothes on the bathroom counter, undressed and went into the shower. The bathroom had been spotless and showed no sign of any mess from Marisa the previously night after cleaning up. Although Ellie hadn’t been concerned about that or even considered looking to see if she had made a mess in here, she just wanted to wash up.

Marisa woke up shortly after Ellie, still feeling a bit defeated from yesterday but ultimately she was feeling better. It didn’t bother her as much, no one else saw besides Ellie. “There was the video she took”, she thought, that made her stomach sink. But she promised not to show anyone, she sat up and grabbed her pillow and squeezed it tight,

“Can I really trust her?” She mumbled into it.

For now she had to, she thought maybe she will just do a few things for Ellie and then everything would be okay, she’ll delete the video and it’ll all be fine. She laid back down and sighed, closing her eyes before a half naked Ellie burst in her room, startling Marisa.

Ellie was wet having just come out of the shower, dripping on the floor, a bit inconsiderate really. She wore only a tiny bikini top that was way to small for her and a pair of short shorts. “Hey Mari, I have something I need you to do! Consider this the first part of our deal. Well second if you count the video.” Ellie blushed slightly and giggled.

Marisa shocked she just barged in looking like this was almost lost for words. Ellie was never really someone to show off her body she was always very moderate with her attire.

Truthfully Ellie was just excited to get the day going and wanted to inform her friend of her task as quickly as possible.

Marisa finally answered, “Just let me get dressed and I’ll be ready.”

“Perfect meet me outside when you’re done!”

Ellie then walked back into her room, presumably to also get changed and head outside.

After about 15 minutes Marisa meets Ellie outside, Ellie is standing by her car on the passenger side with the door open.

“I’m here.” Marisa said sheepishly

Ellie popped her head up and smiled “Great! So here’s what I have for you. Think of it kinda like a game.”

Marisa immediately asked “Game?”

“Yes! I’ll explain everything don’t worry.”

Marisa was regretting said she’d do anything already.

“So you had a little accident yesterday, so I figured I help you control yourself a bit better.”

Marisa standing there silent, looking a bit confused, didn’t quite understand what she meant.

“Since you sat down in your wet pants in my car, I want you to clean it.”

“Okay I suppose that’s fair.” Marisa then thought ”What does that have to do with ‘controlling myself’?”

“The whole car.” Ellie added

Marisa, shocked said, “But I only sat in the-“

Before being cut off by Ellie “And it’s really hot out so I want you to stay hydrated, I’d say at least a bottle of water every hour.”

Marisa saw where this was going now

“And you can’t use the bathroom until after you finish cleaning.” Ellie said with a smirk

“And there it was.” Marisa thought, she stood there still silent, she didn’t know what to say.

Ellie began to walk away, “I think this’ll help you a lot.”

Marisa stared at the car for a moment before finally walking up to it, to get started.

It was 20 minutes past noon, Marisa had been at it for a hour now. She had one water and was onto her second. She hadn’t peed before coming out here to do this, she didn’t think she needed to. The water was catching up with her. She wore leggings today on account of how hot it was, green ones, she thought it went well with the band tee she wore but that didn’t matter now. Thank god she wore leggings and not jeans she would not want to deal with the tightness around the waist.

As she bent over to clean the floor of the car she could help but bob up and down in a desperate state. She didn’t understand the point of this. Was this actually to help her? Did Ellie want her to have another accident? It didn’t make sense, she could hold it for a bit longer but she needed to go. Thinking about it made her cross her legs as a reaction.

She finished the passenger side, half the driver side of the front of the car, and she was starting to really have to pee now. She was half way through her second water, and she doesn’t think she’ll survive a third. She bounced around and squeezed her legs together as she cleaned. Wiping down the sides of the console and the dashboard. Feeling the wetness from the cleaning product on her hands didn’t help either. She could sense disaster coming.

After 2 and half hours she finished, she called Ellie down. Marisa stood there, her legs crossed tight, she needed to pee, this time it wouldn’t be because of a jump scare but because she couldn’t hold it. She bounced up and down while Ellie checked out her cleaning job. She took what felt like a decade to give it a look around.

Marisa was trying so hard to not hold herself, her crossed legs were enough to cause her embarrassment. Her legs shook, she squeezed them tighter. She couldn’t take it anymore she was going to burst.

“A second accident? Two days in a row?? Noooo!” She thought.

Marisa was looking at the ground, more accurately at her shoes as her feet fidgeted around. Marisa felt it about to come out. The dirty blonde walked into her view and she rose her head, at the same time she felt her bladder giving out and had to press her hands into her crotch to save herself from exploding right there. Ellie’s hair was blowing in the wind slightly, she looked like she was about to say something devious.

Marisa waited and waited and waited until…

“Good job! Go pee Mari!” Ellie sounded so happy to give her that command, and Marisa was extremely pleased to hear that. She gained a bit of renewed strength hearing those words and ran as fast as she could while still holding it. Opened the door to the house, hobbled up the stairs where Gianna, another one of her housemates, was about to enter the bathroom. Marisa got infront of her.

“I’m really sorry Gianna! Give me one minute please!” Before Gianna could even reply she slammed the door, pull her leggings off, barely got her panties off before sitting down and let out everything she was holding the last few hours. She let loose a consistent stream for about 30 seconds before it slowed down. She breathed heavily the whole time, relieved.

Once she finished, she pulled her leggings up, walked out, apologized to Gianna again.

“It’s okay, haha, I only needed to wash my face.”

Marisa, now more relieved she didn’t potentially cause someone else’s accident, “I’m sorry again really.” She walked back to her room sat at her desk, slumped over and just had to think for a second after this weird day. She was glad it was over, or was it? Ellie said this was the “first part”. “And what’s with her anyway?” She thought. “I’ve never seen her act like this before…actually…have I?”

Ellie was a normal girl, for the most part. In terms of her outward appearance and mannerisms that was true. But she was something of a “control freak”, not necessarily in the traditional sense. She obviously wanted control of her own life, but she liked controlling people even more. She wasn’t doing it outright to harm them, she found it fun, it was ultimately a game to her something to keep her from being bored. But the chance to do this doesn’t come often, she would need a way to be controlling of someone. Ellie was a fit person but didn’t have strength, she could physically bully anyone into doing it. She didn’t think that would end up going to well for her even if she couldn’t anyway. So she stuck to something she could use, blackmail.

In the rare opportunity that something came about she could take advantage of she absolutely would. In the case of Marisa, she’d known her a long time, they weren’t best friends but friends nonetheless. She didn’t have a hateful bone in her body for Marisa. But the spark of a chance at playing her favorite game arose and she sunk her fangs into it. Did she feel bad? Quick answer, kinda. She was her friend after all. She knew it was wrong, but couldn’t help herself. She promised she wouldn’t do it for long and would make it up for her afterwards. How exactly? She had no idea. She was never good at apologizing. That led to giving control to someone else and she didn’t really want that. But maybe her luck was running out and she didn’t have a choice in the matter soon…

The week went on, Ellie had more tasks for Marisa. After the car Marisa learned to always pee before doing any of Ellie’s little games, but Ellie made sure to keep Marisa very hydrated.

She made Marisa go to the gym with her and do various exercises. It was fine at first, just some normal exercises, but her bladder started filling. Doing crunches when needing to pee that bad was torture. Thankfully Ellie let her pee at the gym after finishing and didn’t force her to wait until they were back at home, she wouldn’t have made that.

Then she took Marisa on a “road trip” only rule was no bathroom til back home. This one wasn’t terrible, sitting down the whole time, able to hold herself and cross her legs made it a bit easier than the others. This one kind of reminded her of the theatre again, she wasn’t really that desperate then either just caught off guard. She squeezed her legs together. “You better hold it, you don’t wanna clean my car again do you? Ellie teased. Marisa rolled her eyes, relaxed a bit and opened her legs a little as if to show some defiance, or maybe to prove she didn’t need the bathroom that bad. Her legs shook a bit but in the moving car it was hard to tell. They made it home, another game completed. Marisa got out and tried to show she really didn't need it that badly and walked, not ran, to the door and opened it. She made her way to the bathroom to relieve herself once more. “At least I wasn’t on the verge of losing it this time.” She sighed

Thursday rolled around, Marisa wasn’t sure how much more torture she could take, all these games and rules and she wanted it over with. She thought for a second. “If i can get her phone and delete the video then I won’t have to do this anymore. She won’t have anything then.” She said out loud to herself. “The two obstacles are getting her phone and then unlocking it” she sat there puzzled at how she can do this. She relaxed thinking of what she could do for a while, eventually falling asleep.

Hours later she awoke to the sound of text notification, a group chat message from Jenna:

“Hey, girls night at my pace tomorrow? Movie marathon and all the fixings? Like usual?”

“This might work.” Marisa thought

Jenna’s “girls nights” consisted of 2 things: movies and drinking. They would watch movies and make a drinking game out of it, usually by the end of the night they would all be drunk out of their mind.

“I can get her drunk enough that I can just take her phone, it’s perfect” Marisa thought, fire in her eyes, her plan was coming together.

Friday evening, one week since her accident, she wanted this to be over and she had a plan. Marisa, Ellie, Gianna; and the other housemates got ready to go to Jenna’s place. Marisa walked into Ellie’s room,

“Hey can I ride with you tonight?”

“Yea but I’ll probably be to drunk to drive back bwahah!”

“Oh that’s fine I’ll drive back I wasnt gonna drink alot tonight.” Marisa said with a grin.

Marisa was ready, she had her dark hair down like usual, her bangs covered her forehead. She wore dark red shirt with black designs all over it and a dark coat, grey jeans, and a pair of boots. Not the same pair she “went” in. She was waiting for Ellie.

Ellie came downstairs ready to go, her hair also down in a straight but messy fashion. She wore a pink top accented by white, and white leggings to go with it. Marisa could see her blue panties through them. Everything was tight on her accenting her curves nicely. Marisa briefly thought “Who is she trying to impress, it’s just going to be us.” Before shaking that thought off. They got in Elle’s, recently cleaned, car and headed off.

As far as Marisa was considered her plan started here. She had to watch Ellie carefully and once she was drunk enough she would make her first move. But patience first, they only just left the house. It’s a slow plan, but it needs to work.

There were 10 people there in total, the tv was mounted on the wall facing some couches, a few feet behind the center couch was the kitchen where all the drinks and food were. There weren’t any walls between the living room and kitchen so one could stand in the kitchen and not miss anything, which is exactly where Marisa was most the night, watching and making drinks especially for Ellie.

The girls were spread out among the room they all had drinks ready to start their marathon. They played a drinking game, a list of events where if they happened they all had to take a drink. Things like, characters kiss, name of movie is said, if a certain actor showed up and so on. All Marisa had to do was wait for Ellie to have a million drinks from this game and it was as good as a done deal, and if the game didn’t work out she’d keep making her drinks as back up.

Hour after hour, movie after movie, Ellie had been drinking, not to much, but drinking nonetheless it would catch up she would feel it soon. Marisa decided to make her something stronger next, she made it for a few people. Evidently after 45 or so minutes one of those people started to get sick and rushed to the bathroom to vomit.

By this time Ellie was definitely in another plane of existence, she was wobbly and slurring words. Marisa sat her down on the couch asked if she wanted water. She knew she was ready to start her plan.

“yes and thank youuu”, Ellie said, probably unable to even fully understand what she was answering.

Marisa gave her water, patted her on the back, and said “Ells I think we should head out now.”

Ellie nodded, “help me up” she said. Marisa did so. She was surprisingly sturdy considering how much she drank and how wobbly she was earlier. Ellie walked with her legs close together taking small steps, Marisa didn’t think much of it, she was just trying not to fall over. They headed to the door, Ellie stopped short like she remembered something. She looked at Marisa, and just said, “bathroom first.” Marisa told her that Olivia is still sick in there, she can go at home. Ellie sighed, “fine” she mumbled.

Marisa sat Ellie up in the car, and buckled her in. She got in the driver seat. Her plan was now in full motion once they got home it will all be over.

They drove through the night, it was far from home about 15 minutes with light traffic. Ellie looked like she was sleeping, but just had her head to the side looking out the window. Marisa thought, “She might need to vomit from getting car sick, but it’s her car not mine.” Marisa wasn’t to concerned, she looked over at her. Ellie’s legs were still pressed together like before, her arms crossed and head still tilted looking out the window. Marisa thought, “Yea she’s fine.”

She pulls into their driveway, gets out and walks over to the passenger side. She helps Ellie up, puts her arm over her shoulder and helps her walk inside. Ellie is half passed out now when Marisa opens the door, she carries her to the couch. She gently tries to put her down on the couch but Ellie doesn’t seem to want to cooperate. Ellie slumps down hardly on the couch, and then slides on and onto the wood floor. Ellie, now face down on the floor in front of the couch, is completely out at this point. Her legs are slightly spread apart, Marisa can again see her blue panties clearly.

Marisa watches as her body moves with her breathing. “Now I can finally get this down.” She says, Ellie oblivious. Marisa checks Ellie’s pockets and finds her phone. “Objective one complete” she thinks. “Now the lock password.” She couldn’t possibly guess what the password is, it could literally be anything.

Then she has a idea.

She holds the phone up to her face, a bit of a awkward positioning since she’s on the floor, left cheek pressed against the wood. The camera doesn’t recognize her. “Damn. Now what?” She said frustratedly. She thinks for a second, then gets down to her ear and says “Ells the phones ringing!” To try and get her to wake up. Ellie grunts and shifts a bit. Marisa tries again, she puts the phone by her right hand, “Ells it’s important someone’s calling you!” Ellie now half wake, slowly, strugglingly, puts in her password after getting it wrong twice and unlocks her phone. “Thank yoooou” Marisa sings.

She finds her way to the camera roll, and looks through the videos, sees the thumbnail of her shirtless and knows that’s the one. She deletes it without even watching it. She also sees the picture Ellie took of her pants. “Very sneaky Ells, but I’m not doing your little games anymore.” She deletes that picture too. She looks through the camera roll some more and sees nothing else. She empties the recently deleted folder and does a little victory dance to celebrate.

Marisa is about to put the phone back and has a sudden thought. “What if she has back ups somewhere?” She moans “ugh what am i going to do” She looks down and Ellie still passed out, “If I had some ‘insurance’ I wouldn’t have to worry about backups now would I.”

She left the room leaving Ellie on the floor, came back a few minutes later with a bowl. “I don’t even know if this will work.” She placed it on the floor next to her left hand and placed her hand in it, got her phone out and waited. After a few minutes she was about to give up, then she heard a distinct sound and pressed record out of caution of missing it.

A hiss was heard in the room, steady stream was coming from the crotch of her pants creating a growing puddle between her legs. “Oh my god she’s pissing herself.” The steam wouldn’t end and the puddle would keep growing, it ended up filling the entire gap her legs created, and even spread further. Ellie was still passed out, had no idea what was happening, the puddle spread out from the sides of her and went under the couch. It was absolutely pouring out of her.

Eventually she finished peeing, Marisa got the whole thing. This was her insurance, now she couldn’t possibly use any backups if she had them.

Then Marisa had to make a decision. Should she leave her here and let the others come home to see her like this? She thought about it, and she concluded that forcing her to try and hide it from the others would be more fun. “Fun” she thought, “Now I’m sounding like her.”

She tapped her a few times, “Hey ells get up let’s get you to bed”, Ellie groaned, “come onnn you’ll be all comfy.” Marisa reach down and patted her on the back “Get up ells.” Ellie finally in a half conscious state starts moving, she’s completely oblivious to the situation that has occurred here. She starts to get up with Marisa’s help, Marisa can now she her pink shirt is also cover in her piss, she lets out a laugh and lets go on her causing her to fall into her puddle on her butt. She’s completely covered now. Marisa still laughing decided she needs more payback. She takes a picture of her surrounded by her puddle. She gets her up finally, the back of her pants are drenched, they’re completely see through. Her blue panties that were only slightly visible before are almost completely visible now, like a bright blue beacon. Marisa takes another picture of that, “Just in case, I don’t know what kinda back ups you have. Now let’s get you to bed.” She says giggling the whole time.

After a hard fought battle of getting Ellie up the stairs she finally gets her to her room. As she tries to put Ellie in her bed she slumps over the side of it, kneeling on the floor. Marisa sighs and the silence is broken up by another slow hiss. She’s peeing again. Marisa watched as she once again was letting out probably what was left from before into her pants and onto the floor. Marisa, pleased as all can be, picks Ellie up by under the arms and gets her in bed, wet clothes and all, and leaves her be. Marisa cleaned the puddle downstairs leaving no evidence of Ellie’s accident aside from the clothes she wore.

Marisa can’t wait for the morning.

It was now a late Saturday morning, Ellie’s eyes slowly opened. She felt groggy, her head hurt and for a second didn’t know where she was until she felt the familiar comfort of her bed. She slowly rose and sat up, she felt a bit sweaty her clothes sticking to her. But something felt off. She looked down at her shirt, it was wet and stained. She was confused. “Did I sweat that much? Was it that hot?” She said still groggy. But she still felt like something was off.

She moved her hand around a little on the bed and then notice it was wet. Still not fully awake and aware she didn’t realize it at first, then it dawned on her. She grew worried as she slowly lifted the blanket off herself. She revealed to herself her white leggings now drenched and tinted slightly yellow, just like the white accents on her shirt. The puddle she was laying in was evident she peed herself again in her sleep. Seeing it she screamed briefly before covering her mouth with both hands. Hoping no one heard.

“How am I going to clean this without anyone seeing?” She said to herself frantically. “My pants are one thing, but but but, the sheets and blankets??” She started to tear up.

Then the door opened

“Hey is everything okay? I heard something.” Marisa sneaked in with a wicked grin.

She looked over at Ellie, she quickly shot her hands to her pants to try and block the view of them, then tried to pull the blanket back over them. “Oh my god Ellie did you piss the bed? What happened?” Marisa said almost in a gloating way.

Those words rung in her head for a second before realizing she had no escape now. “H-help me clean this or or or hide this please, I’ll do anything!” Ellie cried

“Anything?”

And now finish off with some art from this part 2, again all by Agidyne&&
