Motorboat trip

Author: huberp76

*000*2021-05-05 13:39

A short experience from my youths.

A friend and i we had the same habit about girls. We did like it if girls were desperate to pee, if they needed to wee really bad, but did not go, or could not go, or was not allowed to go.

We did search for opportunities, where we could make girls hold and wait.

One different between us was, that i did and i still like very slim girls and he like them more curvy.

My friends father had a motorboat on a lake, not far from our down.

He had the idea to make a boat trip with two girls from our school.

First we went with my father’s car to the lake and then with his father’s boat to a little island.

We have been absolutely alone on this little island, there have been no trees and no bushes.

My friend did know that island and he told me that there would be no hide where the girls could wee.

They had two opportunities, one to wee in view of us, or they had to hold it the entire day. Both imaginations were exciting for us.

It was late spring, the sun was warm, but the water was to cold for to go in, for to wee.

We had enough to eat and much to drink on the boat and we had two planked’s, to lie on and to take a sunbath.

The girls did wear tiny bikini’s and they have been both sexy at their way.

“My “ girl, they were both not our girlfriends to that time, my girl was sporty and very slim. Her breast’s were small and firm, her thighs were slim and her belly was flat with pregnant hipbone’s.

The second girl was round with large breasts, with thighs not really thick, but not slim, her ass was roundly and absolutely not small, but her belly was flat too.

She was not a cubby girl, she was a curvy girl.

We had both exactly the kind of girl that we liked.

We did lie on the blanket, caressed our girls, kissed them and had our hands there were boys like to have them on a girls body.

It was afternoon, we did drink a lot since morning, my friend pissed twice, since we were on the island, i and the girls not even once.

I was needing to go, but I like it need to go but don’t go, i like the feeling of a full bladder and a strong urge, especially when i am with a girl who has her bladder full and would need to wee pretty bad too.

The girls must have a full bladder in their bellies, after drinking so much and don’t wee for so long.

I have always my special ways to test the fullness of a girls bladder and the intensity of her urge.

My girl did lie on her back, with her face to the sun, i did lie on my side and putted my thigh on her belly, in a way that my knee was between her navel and her public bone, exactly there where her bladder was and then i pressed my knee in her belly.

She moaned, but did not say something, i could feel how she tensed her muscles to hold her wee in.

I wanted more, i did lie myself half on her slim body, so that my hipbone pressed with my full weight on her bladder.

”Be careful, don’t press so hard on my belly, i am needing to wee so bad, i pee my panties if you push my bladder.” she whispered in my ear, so silently that the other’s could not hear it.

”I can feel that you like that.” she said and pressed her belly against my hard dick.

“Don’t you need to go, you have not been all day too?” she wanted to know.

I told her that i would need to go, but that i am good in holding and that i can wait really long if i want it.

”Me the same !” she answered and smiled.

What a naughty, dirty girl, i thought to myself and was getting the desire to torture her bladder, to fill it up to and over its limit.

Sometimes later my friends girl said that we have to leave, because she is needing a loo.

My friend told her that she could squad here anywhere.

She would not do that she answered. It is not late now, he said, she should hold it for one or two hours longer, she is a big girl, he is sure that she would be able to do that.

”What do you think what i am doing, i need to go since before noon!” she answered a little bit angry.

”You are one of the boys who think that girls don’t need to wee, or that girls have to be able to hold it until they get a chance to go, no matter how bad they would need it.”

Just if we hold it sometimes for hours on end, doesn’t mean that we would not need to go, we sometimes don’t have a good opportunity so that we are forced to hold it.”she said.

I was surprised that he said “One more hour!?” and i was surprised that she agreed and said “okay, one hour, but no more!”

That was so exciting for me to know that she was needing to wee since hours, that she had to go really urgently and it was arousing to know that my girls bladder in her slim abdomen, was overfilled and stretched too.

I pressed both hands of my girl on the ground and did lie my body with all the weight on her thin body. My hard dick was between our bellies and pressed hard on our bladders.

That was torture pure, but i did know that she did like to get tortured this way.

She moaned and was shivering under my body, from needing to wee so bad. So more she was shivering, the harder i pressed.

I was so horny that i wanted to fuck her at the moment and i think that she wanted to get fucked too, but we could not do that with our friends beside.

Not even one hour later, the curvy girl had her solid thighs pressed hard together and said “I can’t anymore, all my belly hurts from needing to pee so bad. Look at my lower abdomen, how swollen it is!

That can not be healthy to hold it back for so long until it gets painful.”

I putted my hand on the belly of my girl, exactly there where her bladder was visible bulging out.

“Oh, your belly is swollen too, would my girl need to wee too?” i said and pressed hard in her belly.

”Sadist!!” she said, but did let me do it, she did let me massage her bladder.

Oh what a little slut, i thought to myself, close to cum in my swimming trunks.

In the boat, on the way back, the curvy had both hands pressed in her crotch and her thighs crossed over her hands.

I think she had one of her fingers pressed on her pee hole, because if she changed her thighs, to cross them to the other side, i could see how the fabric of her bikini panty was pushed deep in her girl slit.

She was desperate, she was frantic and she was angry.

”That was my first and my last boat trip! I never go again somewhere where i can’t piss if i need to.” she said.

She did not wee since 8 hours, not really a long time, for a healthy, young girl, but she did drink a lot all day long and it seams, that she was not a really good “holder “!

My girl and me, we had the same situation, we did not pee since more than 8 hours and we did drink a lot during the day, but we did like it!

For me is was a absolutely exciting situation and it was arousing too, to see the bellies from the girls swollen and full with their overfilled bladders.

As soon as we arrived, the curvy girl did get on the bank and went, with both hands between her thighs, to the nearest bush.

Wie could hear her pissing sound, it was loud and long!

“That was really urgently and necessary, or?” said my friend.

”That was more than urgently, i thought my bladder will burst, so bad was that.” she answered, still angry.

”What’s about you?” I asked my girl and smiled.

”I am holding it!” she replied and smiled back “and you?” she wanted to know.

”Me too.” I answered. It was like a competition between us.

On the way home, we stopped at a Mc Donald’s. As we walked in, she whispered in my ear “if you don’t go, i don’t go too!”

Our both bladders were expand to the size of a soccer ball, we needed to go really, really bad, but we did not.

We did eat a burger and did drink a Coke and went back to my car, with our bladders full to explode.

The curvy and my friend went again before we did leave. I think that the girl did not even notice, that we did not pee the entire day, my friend did know what kind of game we played.

I did bring both to their home, first the girl, then my friend.

“Keep dry and make her hold ” whispered my friend to me, as he did take his bags from behind.

We were now alone in the car and i said “ we did take a great risk, what would happen if there is a accident and we have to stay in the car for hours , how much longer could you endure it?” i asked.

”My bladder and i, we could endure more, if we had to. One, two or three hours would not be a problem, she replied and caressed her swollen bladder with her hand.

I could not resist and pressed hard on her overfilled bladder, she should get punished for her arrogance, she should show me what she can endure.

”That is not really fair.” she said and crossed her slim legs as hard as she could.

“Maybe not fair, but really, really good!’ I said.

I have been horny nearly the entire day, i wanted sex with her, sex with our bladders full like that, no wee before for the thin girl.

I did take her home, we went to my room, i stripped her and did lie her in my bed. It was amazing how swollen her thin belly was, her bladder was bulging from hipbone to hipbone and up to her navel.

I was our first sex together, but not our last. It was absolutely great.

I have more experience with her, where she was full to burst.

She did absolutely know to turn me on.

Sometimes she said “I need to wee really bad, should i go or should i hold it?” What a question!!?

She asked me that before we went to the cinema, or before a car ride and did always hold it for hours more.

Once at afternoon she told me that she would need to wee really, really bad, because she has not been at the loo this morning, she did not wee since yesterday evening.

She did know that she could make me crazy with that.

She did like to torture her bladder, to tease me with her pee desperation.

The fuller her bladder was, the more she was needing to wee, the better was the sex with her, especially when i squeezed and pressed hard on her poor bladder.

*002*2021-05-07 21:39

{{On 5/5/2021 at 5:36 PM, AlmostWet said:

Very nice, please do more.

}}

Thank you, I am glad that you like it.

*003*2021-05-17 18:33

About one week after the boat trip i had a date with “my “ girl. We did meet early at afternoon in a coffee shop in a shopping mall.

After we had something to drink we made a walk in the mall and every time we looked at the window of a shop she was standing with her sexy, slender legs tight crossed.

She did look really hot with her super short skirt and her slim thighs nude, fare up over her knees.

I was nearly sure that she was needing to wee and to imagine that she was needing to go so bad that she had to cross her legs, was absolutely exciting for me.

Some shop’s later i asked her “ to you need a loo?”

She looked at me and said “I would need to pee, but i don’t need a loo, i don’t go, i hold it.”

”Since how long would you need to go?” I wanted to know.

”Since i did wake up in the morning. I did not wee since yesterday before i went to bed.” she answered and smiled.

”You naughty, dirty little girl, you exactly know it how to turn me on!” and smiled back.

”You are a naughty boy too.” she said and looked at my bulging trousers.

”You should get punished for making me so horny, that i nearly cum in my briefs.

I absolutely won’t let you piss today, not even if you are full to explode, no mercy with your girl bladder, you have to hold it no matter what !”i said.

“Don’t worry about me, i am a strong girl.” she replied.

We walked in the city and late at afternoon she could not hide her need anymore. When ever we had to wait at the traffic lights, she was rubbing her knees, or crossed her legs.

”Does my little girl need a wee?” I teased her. “As sure as death i need to wee after nearly 20 hours holding!” she said, but i don’t go, i told you that i am a strong girl.

”What about you, how is your bladder, when did you pee at last?” she wanted to know. “I went before breakfast and no more after that.” I answered.

We had a snack at a kiosk and something to drink and then i proposed that we go to the cinema and after that we go to my home.

She told me that she would like to go to the cinema, but she MUST go to the loo before, or we skip the cinema and go straight to my home.

No way, I told her. First cinema and then to my room and no loo before.

That world be utterly impossible for her to endure that for so long, she told me.

”You are a strong girl! Cross your legs, or make a knote in your sexy, slim legs, if it is absolutely necessary, but hold it. No further discussion about peeing!” I said dominate.

She told me that she would try it, but it would be more fair if i drink two large sodas and she just a small one before we go inside.

I was needing to pee pretty bad too, but i was ready to torture my bladder, to torture hers more, i wanted to make that girl full to explode and so i agreed.

Her belly was swollen and her bladder was visible bulging out from her thin abdomen, but she did drink her mineral.

After a half hour in the cinema, she whispered in my ear “ i don’t know what to do, i need to wee so bad, i can’t stand it any longer, i never need to pee so bad at my entire life, i must pee, i must let it out.”

”Oh no, you will not pee, you will be a good girl and you will hold it!!” I whispered back.

I pushed her mini skirt up and gripped between her wonderful thighs. “Your panties are still dry.” i said. “Yes, they are dry, but it hurts so bad, it is so painful, i need to go, i must go now.” she begged.

”Oh no, you will be brave and hold it.” i said and putted my hard on her belly.

”No, no, don’t do that! I piss myself if you press my bladder.” she said desperate.

I did not press and push on her bladder, because i did not want that she piss herself in the cinema, but i could feel that her poor bladder was really, really hard and that it was bulging out very much from her thin belly.

”You are so full down there and i love it!!” I whispered in her ear and pressed soft on her bladder.

All the extra water was in my bladder and i was needing to pee really bad too. I told her that and she said “I wish you burst as punishment for to torture me so bad.”

After the cinema, we went home by bus for just 20 minutes. She could nearly not walk from needing to wee so bad. She did not pee for more than 21 hours to that time. I did not pee since 13 hours, but had two large extra drinks and was needing to piss really bad too.

At my home she was standing with tight crossed legs until i opened the front door, we went across the bathroom on the way to my room, but i absolutely would not have let her in, she did know that and she did not even asked about it.

No wee for her and no pee for me too. As soon as i closed the door from my room, she pushed the fabric of the skirt with two hands between her naked, slim thighs and squatted down.

”Oh my little girl is needing to wee so bad. Is it really so bad?” I teased her.

”What do you think? I did not wee since 22 hours and i need to go since more than 14 hours and i am still holding it.”

“I love that!!! That is all i can think and say about it.” I answered.

She did keep squatting for one minute until she did calm down, then i stripped her clothes. Her little panties had a wet stain between her thighs and her belly was swollen from her overfilled bladder.

I was so excited, she was so hot and so sexy for me and the circumstance that she was frantic to wee , made me nearly cum , just from watching her.

Some minutes later in the bed , i did lie on my back and she on top of me. She pressed her slim body firm against my body, in a way that she pressed her bladder hard against my hipbone

She did torture her bladder this way until her whole body was trembling , during that she said “ oh my god, i need to piss so awful, so badly, i need to wee so urgently, i am afraid that my bladder will burst if i don’t go.

Then i turned her on her back and did lie with all my weight on her skinny body, bladder on bladder. She enlaced my body with her slim legs to press us hard together. That was really painful for our bladders , but we did both love it.

She did love to get her bladder tortured and i did love to torture it, but after half an hour she suddenly said “sorry i can’t anymore, i can’t endure that any longer, let me wee, let me to the loo.”

”You don’t really think that i let you wee before we have sex.” i said and started to fu....... her.

She groaned and moaned from lust and needing to wee so bad. Whenever i pressed hard on her belly i could feel how she tensed all her muscles and i could feel how she squeezed my di...... with her pus......

We did both love it and we both did know that we would have our best sex when she was full to burst and i was overfilled.

It is so hot to fuck a girl who did not wee for 24 hours or longer.

*005*2022-10-22 22:11

{{On 12/19/2021 at 8:23 AM, Somenonymous said: 

I just keep finding more and more great stories from you that I never noticed before 

}}

Thank you, i am glad that you like my stories. 


