No wee for a escort girl

Author: huberp76

*000*2020-04-28 21:40

A very short story.

Once i met a girl. I did take her to some day- and business trips.

At one of our first trips, it was late at evening, I went to the bathroom before we went to my car.

She did not go although she was not at the loo all day long and our journey home would last 2 1/2 hours.

I did not want to animate her, to go to the bathroom, so i waited until we were in my car.

Then i asked her if she don’t need to wee, she did not go all day.

She told me that she would to go, but she would be used to hold a full bladder.

Of course, i wanted to know why she is used to hold a full bladder and so i asked her.

She told me that she was working, for one year as escorts girl, as she was a student.

Just escorting and no sex, she said.

She had one durable customer . He was really generous, he invited her to the best and most expensive restaurants of the down.

She could eat and drink whatever she wanted and he paid a good price, for their “meetings.”

There was only one condition, she was not allowed to go to the bathroom for all the time they spendet together.

He always made her drink and hold and he did like to know that she would need to wee really bad and that she was holding her overfilled bladder.

To that time she did learn to hold it, she did learn, needing to wee but don’t go, she told me.

Now a full bladder is a habit for her and not a reason to go to the loo, she said.

After this talk, she had many opportunities to show me her holding abilities!

*002*2020-04-29 13:28

{{10 hours ago, peeople said:

It's a hidden rule that women can't go to the toilet when they provide social services

}}

You mean it is like a rule that service girls have to stay beside their customers and they are not allowed to leave, not even for some minutes to go to the loo.

If they would need to wee and if they have their bladders full, they simply have to hold it.

Do you know more about that, about this rules?

Did you talk with one of the girls, or with someone who knows that?

Once i had a business meeting.

We were 3 men and one girl for translating.

We went with a car to more places.

We had lunch and we had dinner until late at the evening.

The men went to the toilet a few times, one after the other.

The girl did stay to translate.

She did not go even one time from early morning until late at night.

She must have been bursting on her way home.

Nobody asked her if she would need to go too, i think that the other two men did not even noticed that she did not wee all day long.

For me it was exciting to know that she was holding her wee for so long.

*003*2020-09-07 20:41

{{On 4/29/2020 at 3:51 AM, peeople said:

It's a hidden rule that women can't go to the toilet when they provide social services

}}

Do you know more about this „rules“?

*005*2020-09-08 13:54

{{7 hours ago, peeople said:

Unless a woman in the client asks to go to the bathroom, she can go pee with her

}}

You mean if the client is a man the „rules „ are so that the girl is not „allowed „ to ask for a toilet?

She has to hold it how bad it ever gets?

The man know that she would need to wee, but he does not even offer her to go.

The bodily needs of a girl are taboo, she simply has to hold it?

