A day trip

Author: huberp76

*000*2020-11-15 00:36

Two boys made a day trip with two girls.

The boys did know the girls only since a few weeks.

They did spend a nice day together on different places and at the end of the day they went for a fast dinner, about 200 km from home.

All of them went to to the toilet once, or more often, except one girl, she did not go only one time.

Her friend was in omorashi and was aroused from that situation.

He though that the girl did not realize that and was looking forward to spend all the way home with a with a very full bladder beside him.

To make her probably already full bladder fuller , he did pay one drink for everyone before they did get out of the restaurant.

There was a toilet at the parking lot and as they were nearly there, the girl said that she would need to wee before they leave.

The omorashi boy was totally disappointed about that, he wanted it so much, that she was holding a very full bladder in her belly, for some hours more.

As they were at the toilet, they could see that there were three or four ladies in front of the the door.

The girl said that she would not like to wait for so long and that she would hold it until home.

”That will last more than 2 hours, can you endure it for so long?” asked the other girl.

“Sure i can, i did not go all day long, so i should be able to hold for 2 hours more !” answered the girl who was needing to wee.

The omorashi boy was hard at the moment, even the other boy, who was driving, was aroused to hear that the girl did not have a wee since early in the morning, before she was leaving her home.

He had not realized that she did not go all day.

The omorashi boy and the girl who was needing to wee, were sitting at the backseat.

It was summer and the girl did wear a T-shirt and a short shorts.

The boy had his hand on the girls bare thigh and asked her “how bad to you need to wee?”

“Really, really bad, but i am holding it for you!” answered the girl,”i think you like that.”

”Why do know that?” the boy wanted to know.

She told him that she had noticed, always if she wanted to go to the loo, he had a special reason that she could not go.

Not enough time, no opportunity and something more. He always made her drink and hold.

She told him that it seams that he is one of the boys, who like it if girls need to wee, but don’t go and she told him that she has a strong bladder and she like it to hold it for him.

She opened the first two buttons of her shorts, to make more room for her bladder and she lifted her T-shirt to show him how much her bladder is bulging out.

She did take his hand to her swollen belly and said “ is it that what you like, a bursting full girl bladder?”

The girl told him that she did know very well why he did order a extra large drink, she told him that she did know that he wanted to make her pee really bad and she told him that she is needing now to wee very bad and painful .

The boy was so horny, that he nearly did cum in his shorts.

He did caress the girls swollen bladder, sometimes he pushed and pressed on it until the girl moaned silent and tensed all her muscles, to hold it in.

The girl did take the boys hand and pressed harder and harder in her belly, on her swollen bladder until she was shaking from needing to wee so bad and she said “do you like that ?”

”Oh yes, i love it!! And it seams that you love it too, to get tortured, this way.” replied the boy .

”Yes, yes, i love it! My bladder is yours, torture it, have no mercy with this thing in my belly!”said the girl.

It was late at night, but they were both so horny that the boy did take her home after arriving .

The girl did not wee since 17 hours, she could not even stand upright from needing to pee so bad, but he did not let her go to the loo, first they went to his sleeping room.

The girl did love it to get tortured and the boy did love to torture her!!!

How much more could the girls bladder endure?

*002*2020-11-22 14:42

{{On 11/21/2020 at 10:12 AM, HoldingPrinces said:

Isn't this written using one of my experiences?

Nicely written however

}}

Thank you, i am pleased about that, that you like my story.

Did you ever had experiences like this?

*004*2020-12-28 13:40

{{4 hours ago, HoldingPrinces said:

Yes. I have

}}

Could you tell us please some of your experiences?!!

