Girl of Steel, Bladder of...?

Author: holdinginpee

*000*2023-10-22 14:15

Kara Danvers had a secret.

Well, actually, she had a few. Who didn’t have secrets? Everybody had something they weren’t going to admit to - maybe they’d snuck out of the house when they were a teenager, or impulse-bought something way too expensive, or stolen one of their sister’s good shirts and never given it back. As a few totally hypothetical examples.

But none of those were the big secret. Besides, Kara was pretty sure Alex already knew all of those without ever being told.

A lot fewer people could say they spent their time as a caped superhero, flying around the city to blow out fires, help cats out of trees, and save civilians from dangerous aliens. In fact, there was only one other person on the planet who fit that description, and he just so happened to be Kara’s cousin.

That wasn’t the big secret either. Alex knew, and so did Director Henshaw, and a handful of other agents at the DEO, and obviously Eliza and Kal, and Winn too, for good measure. Heck, her secret identity was actually less secret than a lot of the little stuff.

It was related to the big one, though.

When Kara had first landed on Earth, she had no idea what the light of its sun would do to her. No idea that as she soaked in the energy over the following days she would become impossibly strong, blindingly fast, able to see through walls and hear for miles and shoot lasers and breathe ice and fly. Not until a stranger wearing the symbol of her house found her and explained it to her in an alien tongue.

If she had known, she probably would have guessed without needing to be told that those extraordinary powers would come with their own hardships. Her new senses were far more than her brain was accustomed to, leaving her with crushing migraines, not to mention the awkwardness of seeing people around her suddenly naked and the visceral unpleasantness of layers of flesh peeling away into invisibility. Her strength and speed, suddenly so much greater, needed to be brought under control; it took weeks before she could so much as touch her new family, terrified that a single twitch might break them to pieces.

There was, though, one problem with her powers that she wouldn’t have anticipated, one for which Kal did not prepare her. So it came as a complete surprise to her when, in the morning of her fourth day with the Danverses, she suddenly felt something hot and wet spreading out down her legs. Whatever noise she’d made had drawn Alex’s attention, making her look up from her book, and then her scowl wrinkled up in disgust. “Ew, gross,” she’d said. “Did you seriously just piss yourself?”

Urge incontinence, she’d learned it was called; she’d known of a similar condition on Krypton, but her pod’s linguistics packets had prioritized getting her conversant in every language over complete fluency in any one. She also learned that it was perfectly natural, and normal, and nothing at all to be ashamed of.

To a teenage girl who had never previously considered that a failure of the body could be something to be ashamed of, Eliza’s reassurance merely reinforced Alex’s scorn to tell her that she definitely should be.

Kal hadn’t warned her because he’d never had this problem, apparently. Eliza and Jeremiah had a number of theories as to what might have made the difference, from Kal’s more gradual sunlight absorption to Kara simply being a little bit more susceptible to it, unnoticeable under normal circumstances. Either way, it was just another thing she had to deal with that nobody else around her did; another thing marking her as weird, outsider, alien. As soon as she felt even the slightest urge to use the bathroom, the Super-sensitive nerves in her bladder would simply take over and void everything, whether she wanted to or not.

Diapers, Kara had learned, were also nothing to be ashamed of. Alex and, when they inevitably found out, the other students at Midvale High School did not share Eliza’s opinion.

The unofficial, understood-but-unspoken cover story was that Kara, the new girl who avoided touch and didn’t talk to people, who flinched from sounds nobody else could hear and had bags under her eyes because everything was too loud to sleep, who wore diapers so she wouldn’t wet herself, was traumatized by whatever mysterious fate had left her with neither home nor family. It was probably more than a little true, even. And while some students had the decency to not make fun of her for that, others… did not.

None of that was the big secret either. It wouldn’t be much of a secret, considering the better part of the entire student body knew.

The big secret was something only Kara knew; not a single other person on Earth, nor any other planet. As far as Alex knew, or Eliza, or Kal, or the Midvale High student body, Kara had gotten over her continence issues, escaping the shame of diaper-wearing by finally gaining control of her bladder.

The big secret was that that was only half true.

Perched on a roof’s edge on one of National City’s tallest buildings amidst the sound of the city, Kara watched the setting sun. That high up, everything felt like it was held at arm’s length; not so far away that it could reach only her super-senses, nor in the midst of all the hustle and bustle, but a liminal space in between.

It was peaceful, being up that high. Relaxing.

For the most part.

Her hearing spanned the length and width of the city, a cacophony of mingled sounds pouring through the part of her mind that processed the senses coming from beyond her body. Most of it passed beneath her conscious attention, her focus on listening for crimes, accidents, or anything else that would benefit from her involvement. You had to learn to filter it, with senses like hers; otherwise you ended up hearing people’s secrets, embarrassing moments, sinks pouring, intimate… activities, water rushing, interpersonal drama, private conversations-

“Hey, hang on, I need to head to the bathroom before we go, I’ve been holding it for like two hours.”

“Yeah, no problem. You know what, I’ll go with you, I kind of have to-”

The urinals in the men’s room chose that moment to flush, water splashing in the bowls and gurgling through the pipes-

Kara grimaced, shaking her head a little to try and drag her focus back; her hand went to her stomach, rubbing gently to ease her discomfort. Two hours, she thought to herself. Rao, I wish.

People often wondered how Kara - Kara Danvers, CatCo Employee - could handle her job. Cat Grant was a busy and demanding woman, and her demands kept her assistant just as busy - more so, in some ways, though Kara would never have said Cat had it easier. Of course, it helped to have powers to lighten the load (even if she couldn’t use them openly), but at the end of the day, there was only so much one person could do. More than a few times, she’d been asked - by coworkers, clients, guests, Ms. Grant’s condescending peers, and more - “How do you do it?”, and once or twice she’d even overheard someone wondering, “When does she even have time to go to the bathroom?”

The former question, and others like it, she would simply laugh off and give a canned response - It’s not easy, but nothing important is, or something to that effect. The latter, though, she’d never answered; in part because Kara Danvers, CatCo Human wouldn’t have been able to hear it, in part because a lot of the employees were almost as afraid of her as they were of Cat due to simple proximity, but also because the answer, though simple, wasn’t something she was going to admit to: I don’t.

Which wasn’t to say that she couldn’t have, of course. Ms. Grant didn’t work her so hard that she couldn’t even take breaks; that would have been illegal, if nothing else. She had time to eat lunch, to get a drink, to take a few minutes to relax. She just didn’t use that time to go to the bathroom.

There would hardly have been a point. Not when, without the key-tool she left in the safety of her apartment, the thin metal tube in her urethra would remain closed, blocking so much as a single drop of urine from escaping.

And so, from the moment she left her home in the morning to when she returned in the evening, she went without the slightest relief. Just as she had all through college, and for years at Midvale High before that.

Normally, she would have at least used her own bathroom between arriving home from work and heading out to patrol as Supergirl. But she had gotten home hungry and prioritized eating over using the bathroom, a decision she made often and one which only occasionally backfired on her when, like today, she overheard some emergency in progress and had to rush out straight away to deal with it.

All of which led to her here, on the rooftop watching the sunset, not having relieved herself since sunrise. Her bladder was certainly making itself known, but with the ease of long practice she kept it pushed to the back of her mind and continued to listen. Perhaps if nothing happened by the time the sun finished setting she’d go home and -

A scream rang out halfway across the city.

Never mind, then, Kara thought to herself, dropping off the building and accelerating instantly into flight, to the displeasure of her bladder. City blocks sped by in seconds and she arrived in a cramped, isolated alleyway with such force that the gunman’s clothes flapped in the wind.

Behind her, the screaming continued for a second before abruptly stopping as her arrival registered. “It’s okay,” she said, calmly and clearly, projecting reassurance to the woman who had been held at gunpoint. “You’re safe now. Did he hurt you?”

No answer. This wasn’t Kara’s first mugging and that wasn’t unusual; panicked victims weren’t always up to answering questions right away. What was slightly more unusual was the way the gunman barely reacted to her arrival either; she couldn’t see his face, but his body language as she pried the gun from his hand didn’t suggest fear or alarm, and he made no motion to fight or run.

Kara was just starting to get the feeling that something was off when something struck her on the side of the head and exploded into a cloud of glittering white-green powder, and suddenly her powers were gone. “My hero,” the woman drawled as Kara dropped several inches to the ground, and then her knees gave out beneath her and she collapsed the rest of the way.

What? she tried to ask, but her body was suddenly made of lead and not listening to her brain, so it came out as an inarticulate groan.

“Huh,” said the man, nudging her with his foot. “It worked.”

“As much as it cost, it damn well better have,” the woman replied. “Come on, pick her up and let’s get out of here.”

“Yeah,” he said. He bent to pick up his gun, presumably put it away somewhere she couldn’t move her head to see, and then grabbed her by the arm and pulled her up with a grunt of effort. “Jesus, what’s she made of?” he complained once he had her crudely, painfully slung over a shoulder. “It’s like hoisting a sack of bricks.”

The woman said something in reply, but Kara couldn’t make out what it was; the ringing in her ears was getting too loud, and the way the world was spinning and going dark didn’t help either. She managed to hold onto consciousness approximately long enough to see the woman opening the doors of a van at the end of the alley, but before they could throw her inside, she was out.

It happened more than a year after Kara moved in with the Danverses. Kal had been making occasional, half-hearted suggestions that she visit his “Fortress of Solitude”, clearly uncomfortable around her but feeling obligated to maintain some presence regardless. She had refused every time, the wound too raw to poke by seeing a single remote operations outpost as the last surviving patch of Krypton in the universe, but finally she gave in - partly just to stop him suggesting it, and partly because she’d had an idea.

So they flew to the Arctic, Kara still wobbly and uncertain in the air, and Kara stifled both the pain in her heart and her engineering sensibilities to keep them off her face as she saw the “Fortress”; it had been deployed improperly, crystal growth running wild with no programmed shape to constrain it, and there were no covers or casings anywhere - as if someone had torn out all the walls and plastic and metal in an Earth house, leaving circuits, wires, and pipes to bloat up like tumors. The only parts that looked remotely sensible were the likes of the central console and the Kelex drones, the things that didn’t benefit from adaptability enough to not be automatically deployed with their casing.

Rao’s light, Kal just walked on the exposed crystals; only the fact that they were so overgrown saved him from seriously damaging them and probably his own feet too. Or maybe not. He was invulnerable, after all.

There at the console, hovering awkwardly an inch off the floor, Kara put her plan into action. She didn’t know specifically how to make what she had in mind, but not for nothing was she a child of the Science Guild; it wasn’t difficult to create a schematic, especially considering it was really only slightly more complicated than a tube and a small standard screwdriver. She sent it to the fabricator, and then modified the system’s files to change the record of what she had made.

She had a cover story already thought up, about it being a piece from the last project she and her father had been working on, a memento of her lost family.

Kal didn’t ask.

She regretted addressing the system in Kryptonian as they left, because that made Kal feel like he had to do the same, and the words - the language she’d spoken over his cradle, not too long ago - came out of his mouth stumbling and heavily accented. The Kelex couldn’t notice, couldn’t care that one of the last of their people could barely form the phonemes, but Kara could. Kara did.

Kara fell out of the sky three times on their way back to Midvale, which felt about right for her mood. But, if nothing else, she had what she’d come for.

Consciousness hurt.

She didn’t so much wake up as realize she was already awake, a number of sensations registering all at once. She was lying on something soft; her body ached, down to the bones; someone was running a jackhammer in her head; and she really needed to pee.

She hissed through her teeth and tried to get herself upright, wincing when opening her eyes let the light punch her directly in the brain, but quickly ran into an issue as something on her left wrist arrested the motion with a jerk. She turned to look at it, waiting for the world to resolve into something comprehensible.

Was this how humans felt when they got hung over? Why did anyone drink?

Her arm wouldn’t move, she realized, because there was a handcuff on it. The other end of the handcuff led to… the head of an old metal bed frame. Atop the bed frame was a mattress, and atop the mattress was Kara, so that explained the softness, at least.

She gave the handcuff a harder tug, hoping it would simply break. It didn’t, just made her arm hurt more.

“Don’t do that,” said a voice from off to her right. She looked around to see who had spoken, and immediately regretted it as the movement nearly knocked her over with dizziness.

There was a man in a chair next to the door, his face covered by a cheap-looking white plastic mask. “Wha- where am I?” Kara asked, stumbling over the words as her lips and tongue refused to cooperate. And then, at an urgent throb from her bladder, “How long was I out?”

“A few hours,” he said, ignoring the first question. “Try and get comfortable, you’re going to be here a while.”

Kara frowned and shifted in place, getting her hands under her to try and push herself the rest of the way up. “What? No, I’m not going to just-”

She stopped, going very still, as he drew a gun from his belt and pointed it in her direction, though not directly at her. “You’re going to stay right there. If you try to escape, I’m going to shoot you. I’ll try not to hit anything vital, but no promises. Got it?”

“Got it,” she said, her heart racing. In this state, she was as vulnerable to bullets as anyone else. With forced calm, she asked, “Can I sit up, at least?”

“Sure.” He lowered the gun. Kara pushed herself awkwardly and painfully into a sitting position, glancing around the room as she did. It looked like an ordinary, small, somewhat bare bedroom. Her bed sat in one corner, a TV on a chest of drawers directly opposite; beside the drawers was a window, covered by thin curtains. The walls were a noticeably faded blue, with several darker shapes presumably marking where pictures had been recently removed.

“Why am I here?” she asked. Given that her captors had gone to the trouble of bringing her to this room and removing anything identifiable and/or throwable, she guessed they probably didn’t intend to kill her, which narrowed the possibilities down somewhat; the fact that she still had her clothes on, she hoped, ruled out some of the remainder.

“You’ve been kidnapped,” the man said, which Kara had already figured out. “You’re going to stay here for a few days, and then we’ll see how much the people of National City will pay to get their Supergirl back.”

Kara’s bladder throbbed again, and she pressed her thighs together to try and quell the urge a little. “You’re ransoming me?”

The man shrugged. “We’ve all got to get paid somehow.”

“You won’t be able to keep the money,” she pointed out. “You’ll just get arrested and they’ll take it back. Even if you don’t get caught right away, someone’s going to track where the money goes and find you that way.”

“Thanks for the concern,” he said dryly, “but it’s handled. I know a guy who can arrange the hand-off and the financials. We get our money and disappear without a trace.”

“Is he where you got the Kryptonite, too?”

He shrugged. “He knows people too. It’s always good to have a network.”

“And that doesn’t seem suspicious to you?” Kara asked pointedly. “He just gave it to you, when he could have used it himself and kept the money? Did he even-”

She stopped talking, jaw clicking shut, because he’d brought up the gun again. “Time to be quiet now,” he said. “I know what you’re doing. It was a good try, but stop trying.”

“I-” she started.

“No,” he said, wiggling the gun for emphasis.

Kara, for the moment, stopped trying.

The next few hours passed mostly in silence, at least between the two of them. Kara made occasional attempts to say or ask something, but every time she did, or moved too quickly, her guard would just make a threatening gesture, keeping the gun close to hand at all times. It wasn’t complete silence, though, because after a while he got bored enough to turn the TV on, switching to some sports game on low volume. From that, Kara learned that it was shortly after four in the morning, meaning the “few hours” she had been unconscious was closer to six.

That was, frankly, more worrying than the gun.

Kara shifted and shuffled around on the bed, trying to get even slightly comfortable, but between the handcuffs and the general pain and the fact that she had almost a full day’s worth of liquid in her bladder it was a futile endeavor.

Days, the man had said. They were going to hold her here for days before trying to make an exchange. Alex and the DEO would be looking for her, of course, but what would happen if they couldn’t find her? Even with her powers she wasn’t completely invincible, and without them she was relying solely on the strength of her own muscles - except, of course, for the critical few her powers ironically weakened.

She didn’t know how long she had; she’d never had reason to learn how long humans could survive without peeing, let alone to find out her own limits. Even at her most optimistic, though, she couldn’t reasonably expect to last even another full day before her bladder simply burst. Or perhaps her kidneys would fail instead - a slower death, one that might even take long enough for her powers to return. She could heal that, almost certainly; Kal had survived worse. But it wasn’t a gamble she was eager to make.

If it came down to it, she’d have to explain her situation to her kidnappers. Tell them a deeply embarrassing secret she’d never told anybody else in the world, and hope they valued their payout enough to do something about it. Let alone the question of what they would do about it - Kara didn’t exactly think “let her go and hope she comes back once she’s used the bathroom” was on the table.

She did not want to do that.

And by about eight o’clock she was feeling a little more hopeful that she wouldn’t have to. Whether it was the weak sunlight filtering through the curtains or the Kryptonite she’d been hit with finally starting to wear off, she could feel a tiny fraction of her powers slowly building back up. Given a few more hours, if she could find a moment where she wouldn’t get shot for it, she might have a chance to try to escape.

Kara’s bladder ached at the thought of waiting a few more hours; it had already been more than twenty-five and it was more full than it ever had been, sitting heavy as a cannonball in her gut and radiating pain. It was so full, in fact, that her abdomen had been noticeably swollen beneath her suit for several hours. She was used to a slight bulge at the end of a long day, but she had never seen it this big, and the fabric of her suit stretching over it only added further pressure. But unless she could come up with a better plan, she would just have to endure it.

Eventually, there came a knock on the door. The guard muted the TV, stood up, and stretched, stiff from sitting there too long. “Stay put,” he told her, and left the room. There was a brief conversation in the hallway, quiet enough that she could only catch a few words, and then the door opened again and a new man entered. He was dressed differently, but had the same mask - or an identical one, Kara was pretty sure they came in packs at arts and crafts stores - and the same gun.

Kara didn’t say anything as he sat down. Her plan at the moment mostly involved staying still and quiet until it seemed like a good time; striking up a conversation right away seemed as likely to put him on the defensive as to achieve anything useful, and the first guard might have specifically told him not to talk to her. It would be better to wait for a while until his guard was down, or else until she decided waiting any longer would be too dangerous.

He didn’t say anything either, though he did keep glancing at her nervously and quickly looking away. He flipped through channels on the TV, eventually settling on a show about the manufacturing processes of various products that Kara recognized, having seen a few episodes in the past. She didn’t seek it out particularly often, but it was relaxing, and she did like seeing the machines people had built for such specialized tasks. And, for the moment, any distraction was welcome. Watching the creation of Swiss cheese, roller skates, and colored pencils gave her something to focus on other than her desperate need to pee.

All too soon, though, the credits rolled, leaving Kara with nothing else to think about but herself. Her arm was cramping - she’d been sitting in one position too long, and there was no comfortable way to hold it given the handcuffs - and her bladder was worse, the pain periodically spiking as her muscles seized, fighting in vain against the catheter immovably sealing off the exit. She had to readjust herself, settling into an awkward semi-reclined pose that took a little pressure off her bladder and crossing one leg over the other, and not a moment too soon; the strongest cramp yet wracked her, forcing a grunt of pain from her as her legs twisted together.

The sound drew her new guard’s attention. “Huh?” he asked, looking over at her. “You okay?”

“Fine,” she said unconvincingly, instead of I’ve been kidnapped and handcuffed to a bed and my bladder’s going to explode, which would have been more accurate.

Somehow, this did not convince him. “Wait, do you need to pee?”

“No,” Kara lied reflexively.

“Shit, have you not had a chance to go?” He straightened up in his chair. “Hang on, I’ll - fuck, I can’t let you out of the room… I could get a bucket or something and you could go in that?”

“No,” she said again, deliberately relaxing her posture despite the protests of her body. “You don’t need to do that, I’m fine.” Internally, she cursed her habit of leaving the catheter key at home. Sure, it meant she couldn’t be tempted into running back and forth to the bathroom all day, but this was not worth that benefit.

“Look, I know it’s not great, but it’s better than pissing on the bed, right?”

“No, I - It’s an alien thing, okay? I can go longer than humans without eating, sleeping, that kind of thing.” It wasn’t even completely a lie; Kara could indeed operate for an extended period without sleep. Even now, with her powers disabled, she wasn’t any more tired than a human would be by mid-afternoon.

“Huh.” The alarm left his posture, reassured that he didn’t have to avert an imminent mess. “I didn’t know that. Never met an alien before. I think there’s one in my kid’s class?”

“Not all aliens,” she clarified. “Most species don’t have my powers. A lot of species don’t have any special powers compared to humans.”

“Oh. I figured you were all, you know,” he gestured at her, “like that. I mean, you always hear about aliens on the news and they have powers, right?”

“That’s because powers make for big stories.” That was the polite way to put it, but this was not the time for an in-depth explanation of systemic xenophobia. “You don’t hear about all the aliens who don’t have powers, because that’s not an exciting headline.”

“I never thought about it like that,” he said. “Makes sense, I guess.”

“Yeah,” Kara agreed. She didn’t say anything more for a moment, thinking. “...You have a kid?”

“How did you-” he started, eyes flicking to her in alarm. “Oh, yeah, I said that. Yeah. Two, actually, a boy and a girl. My daughter’s the older one, the alien’s in her class.”

“What are they like?” she asked, and he visibly perked up. As she had hoped, he was quite willing to talk about his family - eager, even. He avoided giving any names or places, but let slip enough specific details that she suspected it would be possible to track them down once she got out, if she wanted to. She kept enough attention on the conversation to seem engaged, but the rest of her brain - at least the part that wasn’t devoted to the overwhelming pressure in her abdomen - she occupied with thinking through the new plan that had opened itself up to her.

Kara was not a natural liar; she liked to think of herself as generally honest and outgoing, and when put on the spot to convince somebody, she knew, she was often less than believable. So, if she knew she was going to have to sell a lie, she would try to prepare for it in advance. And right now, she definitely needed to sell it.

Once she was as ready as she thought she was going to get, she waited for a lull in the conversation. Once one came, she hesitated, then started, “Do-” before cutting herself off and looking away as though thinking better of it.

“What?” he asked.

“I-” she looked up at him, schooling her face into a hopeful expression. “I just thought - Do you think I could call my daughter?”

“You have a daughter?”

“Yeah,” she said. She injected thickness into her voice, as though choking up. “She doesn’t know about any of,” she gestured at herself, “this, she thinks I’m an executive. If I could just talk to her, even for a few minutes…”

“Shit,” he said. “Uh… I don’t know, I don’t think I’m supposed to give you a phone.”

“Please,” Kara begged him. “She’s on her own, her dad’s-” she swallowed a sob, “gone - she must be worried, I wouldn’t go this long without at least a call. Please, I just want to tell her I’m okay.”

He was wavering, she could tell even without being able to see his face. “How do I know you won’t just call the cops?”

“I won’t,” she promised. “I - I can show you, before I call, so you can see I’m not calling 911.”

“I…” he paused, deliberating. “Yeah. Okay. Show me the number, and put it on speaker so I can hear both sides.” He took out a cheap phone from his pocket and unlocked it before crossing the room to hand it to her.

“Thank you,” she said with relief, taking it. It already had the phone app open; she typed in the number for Alex’s cellphone, then covered most of the digits with a finger and held it up to show the guard it clearly had more than three of them. He nodded, and she started the call, tapping the speakerphone icon and holding it out in front of her.

After only a few rings, the call connected; as soon as she heard it, Kara spoke. “Hi, sweetheart, you’re on speaker.” She had put on a slight accent, weak enough that the guard would hopefully assume she was masking it as Supergirl but which Alex would recognize as an imitation of Eliza.

Her opening line worked; Alex didn’t say anything, but Kara’s weakly-returning super-hearing could just barely make out the sound of her whispering intensely some distance from the phone, followed by the sound of rapid typing.

“I’m sorry I didn’t call sooner,” she continued, “things got really busy and then my phone died, I’ve only just now been able to charge it. I probably won’t be home for another few days, some things came up and they need me close to hand. You’ll be okay on your own until then, right honey? There’s money upstairs in the bedroom, and you know you can go to Hank next door if you need anything.”

“Yeah,” Alex replied, and Kara’s heart, which had taken up residence somewhere in her throat, relaxed a little at the confirmation that she’d picked up on the implications. Winn had added a filter to the call, crunching Alex’s end heavily as though through terrible reception, which together with Alex putting on a higher voice let her plausibly sound anywhere from fifteen to thirty.

“Good,” she said. “I don’t know if I’ll get another chance to call, be safe, I love you.”

“Love you,” said Alex.

Kara hung up, sniffed emotionally - not terribly difficult, considering she was actually in danger and might never talk to Alex again if things went wrong - and deleted the call from the history before handing it back to the guard. “Thank you,” she said to him.

Alex had a lead, now; Winn would be able to track the call. All Kara had to do was wait.

Finally, forty minutes later, the sound of several heavy vehicles came in range of Kara’s hearing one after the other, all coming in her direction. Kara breathed a sigh of relief; the guard, who had asked her twice more in the intervening time if she needed the bathroom with increasing and justified skepticism, glanced over at her to make sure she wasn’t trying to escape and/or wetting herself, but didn’t otherwise react.

The cars approached, and pulled up nearby. A squad of DEO agents exited, coordinating in low tones; Kara’s heart leapt as she recognized Alex’s voice among them. The agents surrounded the house.

As they closed in, the realization struck Kara that she absolutely could not look like this when Alex saw her. Her guard had noticed her desperate state, but didn’t know the full extent of it; her position seated on the bed didn’t give a clear view of her stomach and he didn’t know her well enough to compare. If she stood up and Alex saw she’d suddenly gained several inches at the waist, she would immediately realize something was wrong. And then she’d demand to know what, and Kara would have to explain that she’d been lying about being continent for years and then crawl into a hole and die of humiliation.

So she had to make sure there was nothing for Alex to see.

Gritting her teeth, balling her hands into fists, Kara summoned up all her willpower and clenched her abs as hard as she possibly could. Her body screamed with pain and urgency, muscles burning as she forced her stomach flat. A constellation of stars burst in her vision; involuntarily, she screwed her eyes shut and groaned aloud.

It took long seconds for her to be able to open her eyes again. Her muscles trembled under the strain; her breathing was shallow and rapid, every inhale feeling as though it took up space she needed for her bladder. The guard was looking at her. He opened his mouth to say something.

At that moment, the DEO agents made their entry, breaking the door open with a thunderous crash. The guard jumped, his head whipping round toward the noise, and his hand flew to his gun.

Kara held very still, both to avoid startling him into shooting her and to use the time to try and bring her body under control.

“You don’t have a daughter, do you,” he realized as shouts and heavy footsteps moved through the house.

“No,” Kara said. And, because she always felt bad about lying even when there were perfectly good reasons for it, “Sorry.”

When Alex and a handful of agents burst into the bedroom, they found Kara at gunpoint, the guard just out of her reach with his weapon trained on her; immediately, they took aim at him in turn. Kara’s heart soared; she’d known she was being rescued, of course, but seeing Alex was when she knew everything was going to be okay.

“Drop it!” Alex barked. “Hands in the air!”

He did not drop it; the gun trembled in his hand. Kara focused her eyes and looked at him, her x-ray vision slow and cloudy but recharged enough to see through his mask; panic and anger were written across his face. She saw the moment that panic crystallized into a new, much worse plan, and in slow-motion his arm started to move. Operating purely on fight-or-flight reflex, he was going to try and point the gun at the half-dozen armed soldiers who already had him in their sights, and he was going to get shot for it.

Kara lunged forward with all the strength she could muster; pain exploded in her wrist and shoulder as her arm was yanked back behind her. She ignored it, straining against the handcuff; the bed shifted several inches before the chain snapped, freeing her to hurl herself forward and grab his arm with her free hand before he could get halfway through the motion, forcing it down towards the floor.

“Hold fire!” Alex called before anyone could start shooting. The gun clattered to the ground.

“Just a fracture,” Alex concluded. She and Kara were sitting on the bed so that she could examine the formerly-handcuffed wrist; Kara was doing a very good job of hiding her agonizing, unbearable need to pee. At least, Alex didn’t seem to have noticed yet. “We’ll get it splinted for now, and some time under the sun lamps will have you as good as new.”

“No!” Kara yelped. “I mean - I don’t want to go all the way out to the base. Not right now.”

Alex frowned. “Supergirl, you’re hurt, you’ve been exposed to an unknown form of Kryptonite, and your powers still haven’t fully recovered. You need to recharge, and I need to give you a full checkup to make sure there’s no unexpected side-effects.”

That was another reason Kara did not want to go with her. Even if she could keep her desperation under control for the two or three hours all that would take - which was unlikely at best, considering how it was getting harder with every passing second - any kind of detailed examination would reveal it anyway. And she still wouldn’t be any closer to a bathroom she could use.

“Alex,” Kara said, letting some of the tiredness she was feeling (mentally, if not physically) into her voice, “I’ve spent the entire day handcuffed to a bed. I haven’t slept since yesterday morning. I’ve been in this suit for almost twelve hours, and I haven’t had anything to eat. I just want to go home, and be comfortable, and relax.” She gestured at the curtains, which were now open to allow sunlight to spill into the room. “My powers are already coming back, and the only thing that felt different about the Kryptonite was that it lasted longer. I’ll be fine. Okay?”

Alex looked ready to give a stern response, but wavered as Kara shot her her best puppy-dog look. She visibly deliberated before closing her eyes and sighing in frustration. “Okay. Yes. You can go.”

Kara beamed.

“But.” Alex raised an emphatic finger. “You’re not flying there. Vasquez will drive you home. You are not going to use your powers until you are completely recovered, and you are going to call me if you feel anything wrong. Understand? If you so much as cough, you tell me immediately.”

“Got it,” Kara nodded, still smiling. She leaned forward and wrapped Alex in a tight hug, careful of her injured wrist; Alex hugged back. “You’re the best, Alex.”

“I know,” Alex said over her shoulder. The hug continued for a few seconds in silence, and then Alex said, “You really have been wearing that too long. You need a shower, Supergirl.”

Kara laughed and shoved her away.

She still couldn’t leave immediately. Alex had Agent Vasquez bring up a set of civilian clothes and a splint, and asked Kara to recount the events of her kidnapping while she waited and changed.

“...And then you guys came in, and you know the rest,” she said. Her new outfit wasn’t the sort of thing she ordinarily wore - ragged jeans and a band T-shirt about three sizes too big - which was of course the point; she wasn’t supposed to look like Kara Danvers.

“Yeah,” Alex said. Her phone was in her hand, recording the conversation to be written down once she got back to the base.

“I don’t think these guys have much experience kidnapping people,” Kara said. “The cheap masks, bringing me to their house” - because, as it turned out, that was where she was, the house of one of the gang members, who lived alone - “I saw the woman’s face in the alley, and the people guarding me were watching TV at the same time.”

“You think someone put them up to this?” Alex asked, following the same train of logic.

“I do,” said Kara. “The contact the first guy mentioned, the one who he said would do the money stuff and sold him the Kryptonite. That’s weirdly helpful for a criminal, right?”

“Right,” Alex agreed. “But if the ransom wasn’t the point…”

“Experimenting with new types of Kryptonite, maybe, or new methods of delivery. The kidnapping was just - a way to get it to me.”

“Yeah,” said Alex, thoughtful. “It checks out.” She grimaced. “So we might have a new group on our hands who can manufacture Kryptonite, or who have a supply of it, and are handing it out to random criminals. I’ll get the word out to our informants to be on the lookout, and have Winn look for leads online, and maybe we can arrange a plea deal in exchange for information on that distributor.” She thought for a moment, then stopped the recording. “Alright, I think that’s everything. Go home, get some rest, and remember, if anything happens-”

“Call you, I know,” Kara said.

“Good. Agent Vasquez, take Supergirl home.”

“Yes sir,” said Vasquez, who had been waiting silently by the door for the informal debriefing to finish. Kara stood up from the bed, and with a Herculean effort suppressed any visible reaction to the pressure the movement put on her bladder. She filed out of the room after Vasquez, and with the Agent walking ahead and Alex for the moment staying in the room, concealed by an overlarge shirt, she allowed her muscles to relax, returning her stomach to a slightly less unnatural shape. The relief of this nearly sent her tumbling to the floor before she caught herself with flight and she had to bite her tongue to avoid moaning aloud; she still had to pee worse than she ever had before, but at least now she wasn’t also compressing her bladder into the space reserved for the rest of her organs.

They left the house, stepping out into the sunlight, where Kara had to take a moment to stop and simply feel it soaking into her skin, re-filling a part of her that was only noticeable by its emptiness; it felt like lying down in a hot bath at the end of a long day. Her bitten tongue numbed as her healing began to kick in, as did the various aches and pains from her restraint; her wrist, which would be a matter of hours rather than of minutes, at least hurt a little less.

Vasquez waited politely for two minutes before clearing her throat to suggest they get a move on.

The DEO had arrived with two cars in addition to the several vans; Kara sat down in the passenger seat of one of them. Kara, knowing the seatbelt would press directly on her bladder, did not want to buckle it, but Vasquez refused to start the car until she did. Kara pointed out that she was invulnerable, an argument Vasquez met with a threat to tell Alex why they weren’t moving.

Kara buckled the belt. It pressed directly on her bladder.

Her apartment was about thirty minutes’ drive away, which to Kara felt like about thirty hours. Now that she was safe and free, she had nothing to distract her from her desperation, and as her powers recharged the sensation became more and more intense. If her nerves had been screaming at her, now they had megaphones and lung capacities to match her own. The desperation seemed to fill her entire body, even a twitch of hand or foot somehow tugging at her bladder, and the hot ball of pain weighing down her pelvis had started to spread up her back. She had moved beyond waves of urgency and into one continuous tsunami, her tireless muscles fighting without cease, but the Kryptonian metal of the catheter was unmoved.

No amount of all-day-every-day practice was enough to let her conceal so dire a need; she started the drive with her legs superhumanly tightly pressed together and in short order they were twisted around one another. Her arms were pinned to her sides, hands in white-knuckled fists, and she leaned back as far as the position of the seat would allow to give her bladder even a millimetre more room.

At some point - Kara had no way to keep track of time - they stopped at a red light, and Vasquez glanced over to her. “You okay?” she asked.

“Fine,” Kara said, which, as Vasquez was neither blind nor deaf to the strain in her voice, was not convincing. “Just wish I’d used the bathroom before we left.”

“Want me to make a stop? I can pull in at a store or something.”

“No.” Extra delays were absolutely the last thing Kara wanted. “I’ll wait until I get home.”

“You sure?” Vasquez asked. “We’re still twenty minutes out. You gonna be okay that long?”

“I’m sure,” Kara said. “I can hold it.” That much she was entirely sure of.

“Okay,” said Vasquez dubiously as the light turned green. The car accelerated like a punch to Kara’s gut, forcing a whine from her throat; Vasquez seemed to take her situation as a cue to drive faster, though Kara couldn’t spare enough attention to be sure, considering she pushed the limits of city driving at the best of times.

As they were closing in on their destination, Kara made an unwise decision. She looked down at herself, x-ray vision piercing through flesh, and saw the cause of her desperation directly. Beneath the enormous bulge of skin and flesh was a bladder swollen to practically to the size of a volleyball by an obscene quantity of urine. The muscles wrapped around it were taut, stretching almost to their limit, and the mass of liquid quivered and spasmed as they strained to right themselves. And yet, even as she watched, her kidneys continued their work, slowly but inexorably pumping more urine into a space that was already more than full.

Seeing it made it so much worse, but she couldn’t look away. She could feel her powers straining to keep her intact and functional, and could only watch, legs bouncing, as her body fought against itself.

Eventually, after a subjective eternity that took about fifteen minutes, Vasquez said, “We’re here.”

Kara’s head snapped up to see they were pulling up to the street outside her apartment. Before the car could even come to a stop she unbuckled her seatbelt, letting it whip away under its own power, and grabbed at the door handle. “Thank you bye,” she gasped, and opened the door; she hurled herself out of the vehicle, and an audible crack came from the handle as it was forced into a position it was never meant to take.

“Sorry,” she said, and dithered for half a second with the urge to try and put it right before her body took over and hurled her into motion. The door slammed hard behind her as she sprinted into the building faster than human steps could take her; she tore down the hallway until she reached the stairwell.

She could not afford the time to take the stairs. She looked up, peering through the floors and walls to see if anyone was looking; by a stroke of fortune, nobody was, and she rocketed straight up through the gap in the centre of several stories of staircase and then down the hall to her door. Just barely having the presence of mind not to break it down, she pulled the key from her pocket and fumbled it into the lock, leaving the door open behind her as she ran for her room.

There, buried in a drawer, was the key to her salvation, and also to her catheter.

She stumbled into the bathroom, locked the door, pulled down her borrowed pants and underwear, and dropped bodily onto the toilet. With trembling hands, she tried to slot the key into the catheter; it took three attempts, by which point she was wondering if she was going to falter at this last hurdle and die on the toilet. Finally, though, she managed it; the key slid into place, and with a single turn Kara finally opened the valve.

It poured out with a thunderous hiss, but the relief was not immediate. As much as she would have liked to force out her bladder’s contents as fast as she could, that would have been far too much force; she would have power-washed a hole in her toilet, the floor, and whatever was downstairs from her. So she had to wait, producing a stream that was powerful but not nearly as powerful as it could have been, as the overstretched organ slowly returned to a normal size.

One minute passed, then two. It was almost halfway to the third before she finally felt relief, and then suddenly it was overwhelmingly upon her, her heightened senses lighting up her body with an explosion of endorphins. She slumped bonelessly backwards with a moan, all the exertion seeming to catch up to her at once, and stayed that way as she continued peeing for almost two further minutes.

Even once her stream finally slowed to a trickle and then petered out entirely, Kara didn’t move for some time, just sitting there panting and luxuriating in the blissful feeling of not needing the bathroom. She had to move at some point, though - she needed to get something to eat and drink, and then take a long nap at minimum - so eventually she lifted herself upright with flight. She reached down and turned the catheter key further, folding up the part that anchored it in her bladder, and pulled it out; a burst of heat vision sterilized it, and she slipped it back into place before twisting the key back the other way to secure it and close the valve once more.

Kara stood and walked on shaky legs over to the sink to wash her hands, and considered the future. She was going to have to tell Alex her secret, she knew. If she was going to keep being Supergirl, she wouldn’t be able to avoid some kind of physical exam forever, and that would be a much worse way for it to come out. She should probably also start taking the key out with her; this was unlikely to be the last time she couldn’t get home for an extended period, and she needed the ability to relieve herself, even if it meant she would have to rely on willpower to keep herself out of the bathroom in her civilian life. Perhaps, she thought, she even ought to fly to the Fortress and design a new version, one not opened by a separate piece; that way she could preempt the possibility of the key being lost or taken from her.

If there was one thing she knew for certain, though - one thing that had been true since that day in the Fortress - it was that this was far from the last time she’d find herself needing a bladder of steel.

*003*2023-10-23 10:07

{{10 hours ago, peepal1 said:

As somebody who has had catheters it isn't quite as pleasant as it seems in this story. Read my story on pee fans.com

}}

A few different responses i could give here:

I don't think i portrayed it as pleasant for her, per se. some people disagree with you; urethral insertion is a niche fetish but it is one that exists. sometimes things happen in stories and/or pornography that would not be pleasant in real life. perhaps if you were a kryptonian, and thus physically invulnerable, any unpleasantness would be mitigated. {{

3 hours ago, Cy_The_Fox said:

I really want more of this!

}}

@@probably won't be more, i'm afraid; i don't tend to do sequels, at least so far. it's not impossible, but certainly i have no current plans or ideas for it. glad you liked it, though.

