Pressed: An "Ace Attorney" Fan-Fiction

Author: HoneyBeam521

*001*2020-03-02 13:27

A/N: Guys I wrote another chapter of this

Please tell me if you think it works! It's the first fic I've written from the perspective of a sufferer, so I'd really like to know. Thanks very much!

Miles Edgeworth, ace attorney, was a man of logic and reason. It was no great stretch for him to look at the details of any matter and piece together precisely what had happened and what would happen from that point. He prided himself on putting facts and understanding of the probable progression of things to use in every situation, no matter how trivial, and portending the outcome with utmost accuracy.

It was natural, therefore, that he should imagine that the obvious fullness of his urinary bladder might fade into unimportance if he kept himself from dwelling on it.

He’d woken not twenty minutes before inside an evidence examination room in the bowels of the police station. He’d hardly intended to pass the night in that claustrophobic little space, but he had. The consumption of numerous cups of repulsive caffeinated black tea had failed to keep him awake past four AM; he’d fatuously fallen asleep over a bit of evidence, and, at this late stage, he was made to speed his way to the courthouse, unwashed, dressed in the same clothes as the day prior, and with barely half an hour before the trial began.

This was to say nothing about the foreboding tension now resting, low and persistent, in the center of his pelvis.

He put said tension out of his mind as soon as he identified the symptom. It was simple enough, if he only depressed the gas pedal of his beloved sports car a little more than was necessary and put on far more early Stravinsky than was necessary. A few expert lane changes and expansive chords from a satisfyingly raucous brass section did a great deal by way of distraction. They were powerful stimuli, powerful enough, he told himself, that there was no need whatever to contemplate the discomfort constantly needling his midsection.

At length the stimuli, powerful though they were, began to lose their potency. Ten minutes away from the courthouse, and already the constriction of his waistcoat had become... remarkable.

Think of the case, then, he told himself. Marina Fontes: A young woman who had been brutally murdered when she was thrown into the Boccagrande River. The suspect: Mortimer Douglas, an absolutely obtuse specimen of humanity that no doubt had difficulty stringing coherent words together under normal circumstances; through a sea of crocodile tears, the man was close to unintelligible. Ms. Fontes had died when she was swept away by the current of the overfilled river, down around a bend and over an exceptionally steep waterfall....

Edgeworth was seized by the irritating desire to press his knees into each other. He resisted.

Don’t be a child, he reproved himself. You can manage this.

Regardless of when he arrived, it would be necessary for him to wait. It was quarter ‘til by the time he looked at his car’s clock again. The trial began at ten, and he was about five minutes away from the courthouse. He would need to park, then, even if he made it inside the building with enough time in which to— he knew himself. He knew that he didn’t manage well “under pressure,” as it were, and, besides, the only restroom close enough was... very public. If there were anyone else there—well, there was no point dwelling on it. It wouldn’t be necessary. It wasn’t necessary. Unpleasant as matters were, he was in no imminent danger of disgrace.

It’s a simple thing, really, he reasoned. I need only request a recess and make my way out. Simple. Easy. Nothing to be concerned about. What with his corroborating witnesses, as well as his star, there was no reason why he shouldn’t manage to end this whole sorry, shameful business within a half hour of his arrival.

Ten minutes. He pulled into the parking lot with ten minutes to spare, and made for the prosecutors’ zone. He’d already begun turning smoothly into his usual space when he found that there was no space at all—it was occupied already by a tiny, colorless sedan that appeared to have limped its way into the lot and died there. As it clearly didn’t belong to any of his fellow prosecutors, Edgeworth was sorely tempted to step out and put the back bumper out of its misery with a swift kick, but he refrained. He was late enough already.

Another five minutes of circling passed before Edgeworth managed his way into a cramped space at the end of the lot, snatched his case file, and made his way across to the courthouse as quickly as he could with his nose buried in documents. There was yet some preparation to be done with the witnesses—specifically, a Mr. Gherard Stagno—before the trial began. Edgeworth didn’t even look up when he entered the building. He merely let his file down for a moment to throw open the glass doors before him and charged inside.

“Stagno—Gumshoe—in the witness lobby. Now!”

He vaguely noted the sounds of some feet heading in the same direction as he, and, so, assumed that his demands were being carried out. Indeed, when he looked up, Detective Gumshoe and the witnesses were already present and accounted for, staring at him from their perches around the lobby. Edgeworth stole a glance at his pocket watch. Two minutes.

“All right,” he said, without feeling either of the syllables he spoke, “you: Mr. Cascata. Be sure to emphasize the exact time at which you heard the screams. And Ms. Flanders, don’t forget to inform the defense about your opinions on the defendant’s character. Mr. Stagno—”

Gumshoe raised his hand feebly. “Um, Mr. Edgeworth, sir—”

“Be quiet, you dolt. I haven’t enough time for your inane remarks.” Edgeworth checked his watch again. Damn it all. “I haven’t any time for your inane remarks. I must be getting on. Expect a recess soon. And for the love of God, please go over the pertinent points with the witnesses before they’re called.”

“Y-yes, sir,” Detective Gumshoe replied meekly, and took to scratching at the back of his head.

This isn’t a problem; not at all, Edgeworth told himself, while every step up towards the courtroom door seemed to add another hundred grams or so to the burden within him. I will be out again inside fifteen minutes.

Edgeworth made it up to the prosecutor’s bench with no incident, though that was hardly saying anything. He’d barely made it on time. Phoenix Wright and Maya Fey were already facing him on the other side of the courtroom as he arrived, looking as perfectly asinine as ever, and the trial proper began just as he set down his file and laid out some pertinent papers.

“Court is now in session for the trial of Mr. Mortimer Douglas,” the Judge declared from the bench. “Is the prosecution ready?”

“Naturally, Your Honor.”

“And the defense?”

Wright let go some meaningless remark to the effect that he, too, was ready—but Edgeworth knew better. Wright was hardly “ready.” He hadn’t been these last two days, and there was no doubt that he would struggle against the three witnesses the prosecution had lined up for the final session. There was nothing more to do but stand back and watch the trial progress.

“Would the prosecution please review the events of the trial up to this point?”

“Gladly, Your Honor.”

With nary a glance at his notes, Edgeworth recited the goings-on of the past two days’ worth of conflicts and resolutions and questions raised with only the occasional jab at the defense’s shoddy work. In a minute or so, he had the matter neatly presented to the court and a witness on the stand. The first, a rabbity sort of creature with wide dark eyes and a great cloud of brownish hair, gave her testimony and was quickly dispatched for relevance—or, rather, a notable lack thereof. The second shouted his remarks boldly from the stand, but that didn’t stop him from having his daring claims needled at and eventually punctured by the defense. Despite its initial assurance, it seemed that the prosecution was beginning to flounder.

The prosecution was in no hurry to rescue itself from the depths, however. Edgeworth allowed the defense’s comments to go by without so much as a word to the contrary, other than a half-hearted attempt at preventing Mr. Cascata from being discredited entirely. The prosecutor was far too busy floundering in depths of his own. It turned out that “standing back” wasn’t the best strategy for keeping one’s mind off of biological necessities.

It can’t be too much longer, he told himself. Mr. Cascata had been removed after making the unwise decision to insult the judge personally, and they were waiting on Mr. Stagno to finish his preparation and enter the courtroom. It will be over after him. Just a little while more... just don’t think about it. Think of something else. Think of anything else.

The courtroom was warm and sticky, he noted. Perhaps it should have been uncomfortable, but it wasn’t. His fingers were. They’d become frigid over the course of the latest testimony. That, surely, was the reason why his hands longed to fidget so, and why a cold sweat had begun prickling the back of his neck, and why his right leg was slowly creeping over his left, and—

What are you doing?! A sudden shock jarred him back to his senses: The combined realization of his own indecent behavior in court, and, worse yet, the flicker of his gaze that told him that Phoenix Wright was looking at him. Staring at him, even. He could do nothing to prevent the rush of blood he felt entering his cheeks, nothing at all but to make an attempt at straightening up and concentrating once more. Perhaps even on the case.

So, Edgeworth tried to concentrate: He picked up one of the pages from his desk and gazed at it. Any effort to do more than simply look at the thing proved useless. Words entered the lenses of his eyes and got lost somewhere between the vitreous humor and the retina. Something had to be done.

“Your Honor!” Edgeworth called in the Judge’s direction, cutting through the very soggy silence. He loathed the tone his voice had taken on; it was as though he were announcing his predicament to the world in every waver. “The prosecution would like to request a short recess in which to prepare its final witness. There wasn’t ample time for the prosecution to gather information from this witness prior to the commencement of proceedings this morning.”

The Judge turned towards him and furrowed his brow. Does he know? Does Wright know? The whole courtroom, even? “And why is that, Mr. Edgeworth?”

“The prosecution was unavoidably detained this morning, Your Honor.” The Judge wouldn’t stop looking. He knows. Doubtlessly. “I... overslept, Your Honor.”

“Hmm.” The bearded gentleman considered the proposal and Edgeworth himself for a long moment before rendering his verdict. “Very well. The prosecution’s request is granted. I will allow both parties ten minutes in which to prepare their final arguments.”

Thank God. Edgeworth could have sighed his relief, but he didn’t. Instead he intended to bow, as was his wont, but the movement involved in raising his arm warned him that any further stress applied to his midsection was incredibly ill-advised.

“Thank-you, Your Honor,” he offered, and turned about on his heel to head back to the prosecution’s chambers. There, he was immediately assaulted, sight, smell and sound, by Detective Gumshoe.

“Mr. Edgeworth, sir!”

“Not now, Detective,” Edgeworth growled, pushing his way past Gumshoe and toward the opposite door.

“But Mr. Edgeworth, sir, there’s something I gotta tell you about Mr. Stagno’s testimony—” The impossibly large man insisted upon hindering Edgeworth’s progress through the room; he was forced to level his steeliest glare at him.

“I said: not now.” Edgeworth felt his right leg twitch convulsively inward again, and struggled to keep his hands resting properly by his sides. Out of my way, get out of my way this instant you beleaguering buffoon, unless you wish to make me— “You’ve prepared him sufficiently, haven’t you?”

“W-well, that’s the thing, sir!” The man’s air of embarrassment told all: he hadn’t been able to prepare the witness at all, let alone sufficiently by Edgeworth’s standards.

“What?”

“Well, sir, you see, I wasn’t really able to figure out if he knew what he was saying, you know, being a bit old and not so great with English and all, and I really wanted to ask you first if—”

“Fine, Detective!” Edgeworth shot, and threw his file onto the rich, dark table in the middle of the room. “Fine. I shall take over Mr. Stagno’s preparation, since you seem to be incapable of it.”

“But sir, don’t you want me to—?” Edgeworth shook his head and folded his arms across his chest.

“You will only hamper me, Detective. Without you, I shall have his preparation done in under five minutes. Go on—you’re free to go.”

“Well... all right, sir....” Gumshoe groused, and proceeded to cross and exit the room as if it had been nothing.

Left alone with the witness, Edgeworth observed him cursorily. Gherard Stagno. An aged Italian man who claimed to have seen the defendant throw the victim into the Boccagrande River. A man who now sat, smiling senselessly, at the table before him. Already, Edgeworth began to curse his decision to make up for Gumshoe’s deficiencies himself.

“Buongiorno, Signor Edgeworth!” The man greeted with far too much cheer. “You may remember me, Papa Stagno! I gave you all the very good information about that wicked Signor Douglas, yes? Ah, it is a lamentable thing that happened. Povera Signorina Fontes. The girl, she didn’t deserve such a fate. But I’m ready to give you all the best of testimonies in her—ah, my good man, are you feeling quite well?”

Edgeworth’s eyes shot open at Stagno’s inquiry. In preference to sitting down with his witness, Edgeworth had chosen to stand. When standing motionless had seemed to grant gravity an even greater advantage over the hundreds of milliliters of liquid within him, he had begun pacing in short, quick steps. When even that provided nothing by way of relief, he’d closed his eyes and furrowed his brow and set the entire capacity of his brain to continuing to retain the cursed capacity of his bladder.

With a great effort, he managed to halt his stilted steps around the room, and even to look at his witness, but only if he leaned heavily over the back of one of the room’s well-hewn chairs.

“Y-yes, yes, of course, Mr. Stagno. I was simply considering the matter at hand.” A shame that the “matter at hand” wasn’t one to which Stagno was actually a party. “There is much that you must be aware of before you take the stand.”

So, Edgeworth completed his preparation of the witness. And not a single thought about the case or the man before him passed through his mind as he did so.

He spoke, naturally. He heard the words tumbling out of his mouth: Orders, barked; the same orders he pushed onto each of his witnesses before they took the stand. Orders he could barely make out over the pathetic litanies and the feckless expostulation ringing louder and louder in his head as the seconds crawled by. Each moment seemed to have become a physical thing. By the horrible magic of his body, every one of them was transfigured into some great, viscous presence that refused to move faster no matter how desperately he pleaded.

As he felt himself nearing the end of his didactic monologue, Edgeworth’s mind began to wander. He began to reflect, to plan... to fantasize. Just a few words more, his mind insisted; just a quick demand for any questions, and he would at last be allowed to escape. He would be unable to seek total privacy, but he’d given up that privilege long ago. He would be forced to condescend to the public restroom. But, then, it was only a little after ten. Most trials scheduled for that hour would have begun already, and most would not have broken for a recess yet. The stalls were rarely occupied. He only had to finish this conversation and make his way there. There, he would finally relieve himself of this maddening physical burden; at last he could be free to use his mind again... and it would feel so terribly good....

“That will be all, Stagno.” Edgeworth declared abruptly. The witness frowned beneath his drooping white moustache.

“But Signor Edgeworth, there is just one more thing that—”

The sounds Stagno was making didn’t register to Edgeworth’s ears anymore after that, and those that had reached him hit his eardrum and dropped right back out of his head. He was entirely focused. Focused upon keeping himself upright and steady; moving as quickly as he could manage with precise, practiced deportment, as though endeavoring to keep from spilling an overfull cup of tea. His senses, but for the demands from within, continued to fail him. He would hardly have noticed if his own father had been standing amid the people he passed on his way through the hall to the front courtroom lobby.

He was so close. The restroom was in sight. He only needed step a few more times, and—

“Verdammt!” Edgeworth cried out, as his foot impacted something, and his steps were stopped. The item in question: A pathetic bit of cardboard on which was written “unending shame and humiliation” in too few letters. This restroom, it seemed, was out-of-order. He didn’t know where there was another. He’d never bothered to learn.

Where else—where is there somewhere—I need—right now, I need—

“Docket number K-12019000567: Mortimer Douglas.” The intercom crooned dispassionately. “All parties please reconvene in Courtroom Two.”

“Scheiße! Scheiße, scheiße, shit….” The prosecutor growled, and hissed, and raked both his hands furiously through his hair. Only the long gazes granted him by the people milling around the lobby kept him from actually stamping his feet in frustration—and from burying a hand between his thighs.

What could he do? There were literally no options remaining to him. This restroom was closed; he could find nowhere else, for he’d run out of time and knowledge of other places, and he couldn’t possibly bring himself to request an extension for this reason. They—Wright, the Judge—they already knew, perhaps, but that didn’t mean that he could debase himself further by acknowledging it. He simply had to await another recess, or for the end of the trial. Any other possibility was so unseemly that it forbore thought.

But thoughts assailed him anyway: Forget the trial. Just for a few minutes, forget the trial; forget your witness. Don’t go back. Make them wait, as you have done. Go downstairs, go upstairs; go outside, for God’s sake! And thoughts replied: Impossible, impossible, impossible, impossible; I must, I cannot; how far gone must a man be, to consider public disgrace outside his place of work?

Edgeworth did all he was capable of at that moment: He straightened up (pointedly ignoring the continued stares,) adjusted his constricting garments, and started another path of careful steps back through the door to Courtroom Two. All the way there, he had to fight to produce rational thought against the flood of arguments streaking through his brain and the dual sensations of incredible, throbbing pressure and cool air breathing on his heated face.

Inside the door, he was met immediately with Phoenix Wright. Of course he was. If he planned to suffer the greatest humiliation of his life, it couldn’t possibly be without that man present to witness it.

Edgeworth stepped up to Wright and looked vaguely at him. Not in his eyes, but, rather, around the apex of his left widow’s peak.

“There will be nothing but trouble for you if you attempt to question my witness, Wright,” he told him solemnly. “It would behoove you to allow him to say his piece and accept the consequences.”

“You really think I’m going to fall for that, Edgeworth?” Wright demanded in return. “I’ll question him as much as I need to get to the truth.”

The mere suggestion of a drawn-out cross examination made a shudder wrack down Edgeworth’s spine, a shudder that ended agonizingly in his pelvis and demanded that he remain perfectly still. He did, for a moment, then took up his tentative steps towards the prosecution’s lobby again. Gumshoe had begun saying something, chattering about “sight” or some other such nonsense that Edgeworth could hardly have cared about if he’d tried.

As soon as he entered the prosecution’s lobby for his file, Edgeworth was harangued by a furrowed-browed Stagno.

“Signor Edgeworth! I still have a thing to tell you about the case, a thing that I think is very important you should know before—”

“There is nothing more that I need ‘know.’” Edgeworth assured him as he moved rigidly across the room. “Keep to the facts. Give the defense your testimony, and do it as quickly as possible.”

“But, Signor—”

“Stagno!” He hissed from the doorway, “If you still wish to be called, kindly keep your mouth shut until you’re told to speak!”

With that, Edgeworth crept into the courtroom and reluctantly set down his things again. There was nothing for it. He would simply have to wait, interminably; to settle for focusing the entirety of his conscious thought upon the witness stand, willing Stagno to be present and to have already given the damning facts of his testimony to the court.

“Court is back in session for the trial of Mr. Mortimer Douglas!” The Judge declared upon his arrival, and looked ambiguously around the courtroom at large. “Is the defense ready?”

“The defense is ready, Your Honor,” Wright averred, with appallingly perfect calm.

“And the prosecution?”

Edgeworth intended to reply with just as much assurance as Wright... and found that his voice failed him. The rock-hard tension seizing his abdomen had taken hold of his vocal cords, as well; he could only nod in response to the Judge’s question.

“Very well then! The prosecution may proceed.”

Edgeworth’s voice did return to him, but only in small measures: “The... prosecution... calls its final witness, Mr. Gherard Stagno.”

Stagno was called, and he soon entered the courtroom. Or, rather, he moseyed into the courtroom, with long, shuffling steps, as if he were dragging himself through several inches of heavy syrup. He’d never showed any difficulty in moving before....

“Mr.... Stagno. P-please state your full name and occupation for the record.” The stone around Edgeworth’s voice box had cracked, leaving behind a raw, wavering mess.

“Ah, buongiorno, mio bel ragazzo!” Stagno turned, smiled, and waved gaily towards the prosecution’s bench. “My name is Gherard Stagno—but all know me as Papa, for I am a papa or grandpapa to so many! I always have them down at the river, my lovely Boccagrande, always entertaining all the Stagninos, swimming and fishing and canoeing. There was a time just a few months ago, at the first of springtime, when we—”

“Witness!” What is he doing?! “Please, for God’s sake, stick to the relevant facts.”

“Ah, si, si—you know, my friend, you’d do better with some time by il fiume. Like this, you’re bound to drive yourself to an early grave!”

“Th-that is none of your concern!” Can the man really have forgotten his instructions so quickly? “Give your testimony, Stagno. Now.”

“Very well, very well! You want to know about the murder, yes?” And why does he insist on smiling so? “Well, it was just about a week ago. Yes, yes... a week ago, when the weather was so very strong. Right at the bank of my lovely river! He was flowing mightily that day. We’d just had a bit of a ‘downpour,’ as you Americans call it. He, Il Boccagrande, was about as swollen as he could be without bursting out over his banks, no measly trickling down the rocks....”

“Objection!” Subtlety eluded Edgeworth in those moments. But as he neared the horrible convergence between his ability to care and the heights of desperation, he failed to notice. “The prosecution objects to the witness’ rambling! He must only report on facts that are relevant to the case!”

“Ah, but you see, my most impatient legale,” Stagno sighed affectedly, “these facts—they are very important. Cruciale, you might say. The river—he isn’t strong enough to carry away a body when he is running low, as he is in this accursed heat!”

The Judge slammed down his gavel and nodded sagely in the direction of the prosecution. “Objection overruled. The prosecution will refrain from interrupting testimony unless absolutely necessary.”

Edgeworth’s hands shook mightily, and he frankly stared at the witness. Oh my God. They’re going to let him speak about—

“Grazie, Signor Giudice!” Permission granted, Stagno prattled on enthusiastically. “As I was telling you: The rain, she was absolutely torrential for an entire day before this terrible business! She poured and poured... Jupiter wasn’t satisfied with her torrent through the whole of the morning and night! Naturally, she filled Il Boccagrande to the point that he would spill over if she had continued on; I could hear him, loud the next morning, thundering gallons and gallons down into the pond below!”

It was unbearable. There was no other word for it. Even if he had had the presence of mind for it, Edgeworth was prevented from removing his mind from thoughts of his own need, chained there by the corporeal sensations— the now-constant trembling; the throbbing, incorrigible weight—and by the testimony whose painfully evocative words demanded his attention.

“So, you understand, I couldn’t see at all out of my little place by il fume during that day. She came down in veritable sheets—she fell hard, in great, large drops that splattered down the riverbank and sang across the roof of my home all evening. I could hear nothing but her mighty deluge the whole night long! I planned to wait the night, to see that she stopped, but she continued pouring; I couldn’t wait the whole evening through!”

I can’t wait, I can’t any longer—I’ve been so damnably full since this morning; I can’t possibly wait forever....

“And then the river! I’ve never seen Il Boccagrande quite so full—I was afraid that he would spill over his banks and carry my little home away with him!”

If only there were some way to escape... to make it out during this testimony... to drown out the bleating of this witness... anything at all....

“Midway through the day, I could already begin to hear Il Boccagrande—just a little bit through the rain, you understand—I could already begin to hear him, emptying ferociously into his basin!”

God damn this case.... If only it involved some kind of physical evidence... something, anything that isn’t a handkerchief or footprint casts... a vase, a bucket; a vessel of absolutely any sort.... Something that could be easily removed from beneath the bench....

“The river, he started to run over a little, I swear it! Just a little bit, the barest trickle that began to creep around the edges of my home… I worried that he might flood inside the house for a time, but, thankfully, he refrained....”

What?! Don’t even think such— how could such absurdity ever have bored its way into your mind? You’ve gone insane. This little bit of liquid you’ve been carrying has driven you insane—is there water in your brain, perhaps?

It is more than ‘a little bit of liquid’—it is the accumulation of a whole night, a whole night examining evidence; a whole night of drinking the dregs of those awful tea bags—

That is very much your fault. How many did you consume—four or five cups? What possessed you? That can’t have been necessary. Now look at what is! You’re practically beside yourself. You’re going to void right here, in front of the entirety of the courtroom; in front of Wright, and it shall have been entirely your fault.

Faults do not matter; the fact is that—

Edgeworth caught his traitorous hand sneaking around his hip and lingering at the front of his thigh; he caught it thus engaged several times during the course of the testimony, and each time drew it back to his side with fresh surge of disgust. Twitches assailed nearly every one of his joints, and his throat transfigured every one of his breaths into a heavy sigh. Thankfully, by the time his attention was called fully back to proceedings, Stagno’s oral dissertation was just winding down.

“...And I heard Signorina Fontes scream, and trail off, down in the spouting water, no doubt over the falls to her sad, sad end.”

There was a long moment of silence. Most of the courtroom seemed to be holding to see if any further testimony would come dropping out of Stagno’s mouth. Edgeworth was holding, desperately, for the end of it.

“That is all, amici miei.... Unless the good legale has a question for me?”

Edgeworth’s head snapped up and he immediately sought Wright’s gaze. The man stared back... and he, like the witness, smiled intolerably.

No... please....

“Papa Stagno, you say that the river was ‘swollen’ on the day of the murder. Can you tell us more about that?”

No doubt the court record would make this question read perfectly innocuous. It wouldn’t note how Wright sauntered over to the witness, grinning as he did so; it wouldn’t note how each word poured out of the defense attorney’s mouth as swiftly as cooling glass.

“Si, si!” Naturally, Stagno was all too happy to oblige Wright. “On that day, Il Boccagrande was running high from his mouth to his waterfall. I am surprised, still, that he never overflowed....”

Edgeworth had never known Hell such as this.

Oh, he’d known pain in his life. But never had he been made to endure something at once so mentally and physically taxing; something that commanded the entirety of his body, and yet insisted that it remain unspoken. It was no ailment for which he could expect some leniency; it was no mental or emotional disturbance for which he could request time away from the bench. It was a thing of his own making, a childish scenario that he had crafted with his own hands... and he had to endure it. All the way through Wright’s abnormally meticulous cross-examination, all the way through the inevitable requests for response and the Judge’s deliberation, it had to be borne. The sensations as well as the barrage of his own thoughts.

Never before had such horrible, degraded, perverted notions run through his head, not even when he had been on the brink of adulthood. Never before had he fantasized about simply being allowed to urinate; never before had his brain supplied him with such deviously tempting thoughts: of standing perfectly alone in his own washroom, consuming the delicious sensation of release; leaning his arm and his hot forehead against a cool wall, groaning with the heaven of relief; sitting, perhaps, that his legs didn’t fail beneath him; feeling everything, every single cell within him as it fell and relaxed and assented, each a willing victim to a tide of irresistible pleasure....

All at once, it became too much.

“OBJECTION!”

He barely heard his own voice calling out, and only afterwards did it register that he might have objected to absolutely anything in that moment. But that horrifying edge was approaching with such speed that, no matter what he had interrupted, no matter how irrational it seemed... he had to do it. He would do anything, anything at all to avoid—

“Your Honor, the prosecution... would like... to request... a ten-minute recess.” Edgeworth ground out, and fought against a near-irresistible impulse to squirm. The Judge raised his eyebrows at him; it took all of Edgeworth’s limited concentration to pay heed to his words.

“Mr. Edgeworth! The prosecution has been granted a recess already! What is the meaning of this?" You want me to explain?! You know quite well already!

“Er... Your Honor...You must admit that it is extremely warm in this courtroom, and that the... w-witness... is a man of advanced years,” Edgeworth reasoned, with as much gravitas as a man clinging onto a precipice of disgrace could manage. “No doubt he needs a water break after such... lengthy... t-testimony....”

“Perhaps you’re right...” Yes, yes; please— “but two recesses seems a little excessive to me! What is the defense’s stance on this matter?”

God damn you!

“Hmm....” Edgeworth locked his eyes upon his opponent. Wright had thrown on a theatrically contemplative face and began stroking his chin in silence. He allowed several seconds to pass in this fashion.

I shall end him. I swear to God, when all this is over, I shall see to it that he never works again....

At last, Wright responded with a touch of mercy: “I suppose that the defense has no objections....”

Edgeworth let out a heavy breath and made one last effort at straightening his posture. He could have kicked or kissed his opponent for his decision. As it was, he did neither, and would be incapable of doing any such thing until after the recess, anyhow.

“Very well. Court will reconvene after ten minutes. But neither party is to speak to their clients or witnesses at this time.”

The moment he felt secure enough to move again, Edgeworth executed an abrupt about-face and strode erratically out of the courtroom. He tried again for an upright stance, but could only maintain it for a pace or so. The moment he escaped the probable visible range of the courtroom, he fell instinctively into swift, deliberate, crouching steps.

Thank God, thank God, I can make it, I can... I just need... a place, somewhere—

So distracted was the Edgeworth, by his thoughts and by his bladder alike, that he managed to run directly into Detective Gumshoe on his path through the prosecution’s lobby. He hadn’t seen him, for he had been largely looking down, measuring the progress of his feet in the direction of probable salvation. Edgeworth’s entire body was jarred painfully; a choked groan burst out of him, and he couldn’t keep his body from collapsing around the hard swell of his bladder, or a hand from grasping frantically between his thighs, desperate to do anything at all to stem the impending tide.

For the first time in his life, Detective Gumshoe showed some perceptive ability.

“Sorry, sir! Oh....” He stopped, and no doubt stared. “Uh... sir...?”

A pained sort of noise wrung its way past Edgeworth’s tightened vocal cords.

“...Sir? Do you, uh....” The detective scratched his head again (loud enough to be heard) then leaned forward a little bit and spoke (loud enough to be utterly humiliating.) “Do you have to... uh... ‘go,’ sir?”

“Nggh... o-of course not! I’m... f-fine....” Edgeworth panted, and made a sorry attempt at rectifying his appearance. He managed to tear his hand back to his side, but his posture refused to be corrected without some quelling protests from his insides. Almost instantly, he was crouching into his knees again.

“Umm... all right, sir....” The detective made to step away, but Edgeworth stopped him with a silent, frantic gesture until his voice returned to him.

“W-wait... Detective....”

“Sir?”

You cannot ask him, you cannot tell him; you cannot— “Where... is there... another r-restroom? The one in the lobby is—”

The Detective laughed a sudden, hearty laugh. Edgeworth could only hope that the man’s joy was equal to every dollar of the five-hundred he’d just cost his monthly salary.

“Aw, sir, you should’a asked me before!” Gumshoe chortled insufferably. “There’s this little single-use bathroom down on—”

“Where? Where is it?!” Edgeworth demanded, gazing fiercely enough at the detective that the man recoiled and swallowed the rest of his laughs.

“J-just down on the basement floor, sir... down the back stairwell from the lobby....”

“Very... v-very....” Edgeworth, perhaps, should have said something else; perhaps even finished his sentence. But he couldn’t. It took every bit of might he had to reinstate some forward motion that didn’t squeeze the entire contents of his mistreated bladder out of him and onto the finely-polished floors.

Navigating the stairs was a tricky business, but he managed to descend them without incident. On reaching the promised door, however, the sight of its restroom sign forced him to stop where he was, and take in a few, deep breaths against a sickening bloom of desperation that shook his every muscle.

Not now, not now... you’re so close.... Just a moment more, a moment, and....

When the surge passed just enough to allow movement again, he fell onto the door, and wrenched its handle. It didn’t open.

No, no, no no no no....

“Nrrrgh....” He couldn’t but sound his predicament to the person within. He hadn’t the strength to resist anymore. “Open up, please....”

“Uh... Edgeworth?”

That voice. That blithe, charming, maddening voice.

“Wright?!” It was true: It had to be him. No-one else could possibly be granted the honor of witnessing this magnificent moment of self-destruction. A few words, indistinguishable even to himself, hissed out of Edgeworth’s mouth before he could form another coherent sentence. “Open this damned door!”

The man laughed. Of course he did! The situation was highly amusing; no doubt, to a man who wasn’t on the very verge of public humiliation, a man within the restroom rather than without, it was absolutely hysterical.

“Why’s that, O Great Prosecutor?” Edgeworth could feel the mocking capitalization of every word. “Something you need to say to me?”

Edgeworth sighed sharply, and closed his eyes, and couldn’t quite stop his knees from bouncing his entire body, as though the sustained defiance of gravity might save him.

“Wright, for God’s sake....”

“What’s that?”

“...It’s... ngh....” Don’t say it. Don’t degrade yourself for him; don’t allow him the satisfaction. “My affairs are no concern of yours!”

Another laugh, and another sneering remark: “Oh, was that an ‘affair’ of yours? Almost pissing yourself in front of the whole courtroom?” Of course he knows. You already knew that he knows. “Wow. I really didn’t think you could invent pretentious labels for everything....”

“Wright... you will... open the door this instant, or I’ll—I’ll—!”

“You’ll do what, exactly?” Admittedly, nothing immediately manifested in Edgeworth’s mind. But he hoped that whatever he eventually designed would bring Wright as much agony as he’d suffered that morning. “Hate to break it to you, but I think I’m the one in a position to bargain here.”

“What the Hell are you rambling about?!” Edgeworth snarled.

There was a pause behind the heavy metal door. A pause long enough to allow Edgeworth to notice just how shallow his breaths had become—and how frantically his footfalls echoed down the empty hallway.

“Well... you need me to let you in, don’t you?”

An agonizing surge overcame Edgeworth and a cry clawed its way out of his throat against his will.

“I’ll take that as a yes.” The cheeky bastard. “Now, I could just let you in... but I think I’d like something from you first.”

Edgeworth shook his head violently, despite the couple of inches of steel separating the pair of them. “Whatever... it... issss.... No... a thousand times, no... I don’t ‘need’ anything from you!”

“Really?” Wright snickered. “Well I guess you can just find another bathroom, then, can’t you? You’ve got almost seven minutes left....”

He would try. He had to try, since Wright issued him the challenge. Edgeworth turned away from his door to deliverance and made a valiant attempt at following the path he’d taken down the hallway, back in the direction of the stairwell.

He’d only made a few, shuffling movements down the hall before he realized that this venture was impossible. He would inevitably disgrace himself if he attempted to leave—he wouldn’t even make it back up the stairs. Shudders wracked his back, each synapse another tiny, tantalizing finger brushing up and down his spinal column that teased and begged him to find release. He had to remain here; he had to crawl back to his spot of supplication before the door and beg for it to open to him.

At last, with no-one in the hallway with him, Edgeworth dared to twine his long legs around each other fully. It didn’t help in the slightest. His mutinous hand joined the effort, unbidden, and he grasped himself openly through his trousers; the infinitesimal amount of relief it brought was nearly his undoing. It made a heavy, wheezing breath fall out of his mouth, and prompted his spine to contort his body yet more preposterously, curling into and around itself. He would not fail now, not when he was so damnably close....

Wright already knew. Wright had said it. It was true: He had to urinate. He had to. More desperately than he could ever remember. It would happen no matter what transpired, and he begged that it would happen with some degree of decency within that room. There was no point denying it any longer, or attempting to save face before that man. Hadn’t he lost all of his dignity before him already?

Lost, but for this one, tiny hope of salvation to cling to, Edgeworth dropped his head, allowing his sweating brow to audibly impact the cold metal.

“Please....” Were he a touch more observant then, he would have despised the plaintive quality of his voice. As it was, he could only hope that it managed to reach past the door and into Phoenix Wright’s vast wells of sympathy. “Phoenix, please, I need to... just... please, spare me this humiliation....”

The wait for an answer seemed an eternity; the answer itself: a death sentence.

“I will, Edgeworth, I will... if you get me another day in the Douglas trial.”

“What?!” No no no no no— “Th-this... this is extortion!”

“I know. Funny, isn’t it? I’d really thought you’d’ve got something like this over on me long before I could do it to you.”

It is anything but “funny,” you contemptable—you loathsome— “I’ll have you held in contempt of court... disbarred—!”

“I’d love to see you explain that to the bar association.” Wright put on his best Edgeworthian voice as he went on: “‘Oh, but you must remove him from practice at once, Madam President! Mr. Wright got in the way of my affairs....’”

The man insisted upon torture... but he employed such devilish methods. Could Wright not have chosen real, explicit devices with which to extort him—the rack or thumbscrews or the chevalet—anything else that would make this suffering feel justified, that it might not be accompanied by such abject humiliation?

“I swear to God, Wright... if I believed in your... fatuous client’s innocence... I would assist you... but I do not, and I cannot, and....”

It had begun.

Edgeworth had thought it was nothing more than another furious pulse by his bladder; another angry order that would have to go unheeded. But it was more than that. There was liquid. A miniscule, damning spurt of it. He could feel it, rushing hot and tantalizing past his urethra, into the fabric of his underclothes—not for more than a second, and yet it commanded the entirety of his perception.

“Holy Christ—!”

His hands, only a pair of the many bodily members he had sought to control through this whole sordid affair, worked of their own accord: One of them tore at the last button of his waistcoat while the other opened his belt and fly just enough that it could plunge down and grasp him by the base, in hopes of preventing the flood by manual means.

Somewhere out in the ether, Edgeworth could just hear Wright’s voice mocking him still:

“...Don’t you mind ruining that fancy pink suit of yours?”

Edgeworth squirmed wildly, and gasped out what few words were available to him: “You... you... nrrrgh... mein Gott....”

Was there truly no escape? Was this really where it ended? A man once called a “genius” felled by a simple biological function—a function that could have been completed politely within just a few feet of him?

With what little presence of mind he had left, Edgeworth resolved to move away from the restroom door again. Not to escape, for that cause was entirely lost, but to provide some space for Wright to navigate the imminent evidence of his failure. As he shifted backwards, he lifted his eyes from the floor, just a little. He could see the handle of the door as he moved back; he could see the locking mechanism....

And he was saved.

It was a lock of a sort he’d seen before: A safety lock, one that was meant only to be closed from the inside, but, if the need arose, it could be opened from the outside with a screwdriver—or even, in extremis, a small coin.

“Heh, heh... heh ha ha ha ha!” Laughs tore out of him, thoughtless and uncontrolled. He would make it. After all of the suffering and humiliation; after all of the torture at the hands of an alleged friend, he would make it. “Ohh, I’ve got you now, Wright!”

The hand inside his trousers tore itself away and began scrambling in his pocket for a coin; the other remained, splayed over the solid bulge below his navel. He vaguely registered a bit of wetness slicking the tips of his fingers as he searched—sweat, no doubt, practically dripping down his hands that shook once from horrified restraint and now from manic excitement. He managed to get hold of a slightly moistened dime, immediately jammed it into the lock, and turned it. It opened.

Thank God, thank God—

Wright was there, standing, blocking him from his goal; Edgeworth raced past him and thrust him bodily towards the other side of the room and, at last, could push aside his clothes and seat himself on the toilet and—and—

Nothing.

No, no no no... please, I have to... I have to, I have to; I must.... I shall die; I shall burst...!

It wasn’t exactly an unfamiliar sensation. If Edgeworth found himself in the immediate presence of others, or if he were very anxious, or if he’d simply tried to restrain himself for too long, his muscles might refuse to cooperate. Those same fibers and neurons that had done nothing but demand relaxation became suddenly recalcitrant, unwilling to ease when the order was consciously made.

He leaned forward, covered his flaming face with his hands, and willed his body to simply cede. But it would not. He’d made it, finally made his way to a proper place, and his body had willfully transfigured itself into an impenetrable vessel of urinary retention.

A sound—a very soft, whispering sound, as of fabric and fingers—painfully reminded him that he wasn’t alone.

“Shut up, Wright.” Good God....

Wright mumbled in response, “I definitely didn’t say anything.”

“Just... nghhhh....” Edgeworth hadn’t managed to drive himself to this kind of extremity in some time—years, in fact. He’d almost thought himself cured of this wretched thing. But, no: Once again, his mind, his faultlessly clever mind was unable to devise a way to empty his bladder.

Please, please, for God’s sake... you don’t have to hold it anymore... just let go, damn you, just—

A soft voice began to reverberate in the room, interrupting the silent pleas; a gentle, tentative thing that didn’t even startle with its sounding. Its words were indistinguishable through the screams still sounding from within Edgeworth’s head, but the voice clearly tried to effect calm....

It succeeded.

Edgeworth’s muscles, still trembling violently with their impudent efforts to impede the flood, relaxed the barest amount with the soothing sound—and it was enough.

He could scarcely resist anything any longer: The near-gasp that fell from him at the first moment of release or the indulgent groan that rent the air immediately after; the almost soporific warmth spreading through his veins that coaxed him into leaning back and closing his eyes tight, lest he should miss a single breath of the marvelous sensations diffusing into him. Least of all could he resist the process itself, the great flood pouring out of him and the glorious emptiness it left in its wake.

He’d needed it. He’d said this, but only to generate sympathy; he hadn’t really believed it. But it was true. The pleasure wasn’t merely a self-indulgent one: He had earned this uncontrollable, devastatingly good feeling, and no longer had to feel ashamed. How could he, when he had come through his despicable trials and succeeded?

After a disconcertingly long while, Edgeworth finished, stood, did up his trousers again, and strode easily over to the sink. Wright was blocking his path again, earning the man another light push in the opposite direction.

“You are a fool, Wright, thinking that you could extort me. Don’t think that I won’t be reporting you for this,” Edgeworth said languorously, delighting in the newfound ease of his own voice. Everything was easy again.

“Umm... Edgeworth....” He heard Wright speaking behind him. He heard his words clearly, in fact, and could easily understand them. But he couldn’t face him just yet.

“To even think that a respectable defense attorney would employ such degenerate tactics!”

Wright persisted through his own admonishment: “Edgeworth....”

“Perhaps if you’d approached me about your thoughts regarding Mr. Stagno’s deposition with some civility, we might have worked something out.” He believed it to be true. Edgeworth couldn’t have said that he believed that Wright could possibly have had something compelling to present to him, but he believed in the sentiment. “But I’m afraid we’ve come too far for that. This case will be closed today, and you will—”

“Edgeworth!”

“What?”

Edgeworth turned from the sink and faced Wright at last. It was his turn to do something embarrassing, it seemed: the man was making a cringing kind of gesture, pointing down. Down... and forward. Towards Edgeworth’s trousers. His gaze was forced to follow the awkward movement of Wright’s hands.

Du lieber Gott—!

His body did things unbidden once more: The blood that had just been allowed to flow freely throughout his body fled inside again, that his extremities shook with a sudden chill; one of his hands dragged itself hard through his hair. All because of that awful sight: his damnation. It was very clear, there; obvious, in the dark wet stain that spread from his inseam all the way down to his thigh. Wright had noticed it. Therefore, everyone would notice it.

Edgeworth was still working his way through the exact odds of undetected escape from the courthouse when Wright spoke again.

“So,” he said, a smile clear in his voice, “how about that extra day?”

###

In the end, Edgeworth refrained from ending Phoenix Wright. But it was a near thing, touched with hysteria and the very beginnings of tears. They ultimately struck a bargain: Phoenix would get the extra day for his precious shred of evidence, and Edgeworth would maintain his dignity... by hiding behind Wright’s sweat-soaked shirt. This he would have to return, and he would have to retrieve his file and briefcase from Wright again before the day was out....

Seeing that man ever again would no doubt be too soon.
