No loo for girls at a S&M club

Author: huberp76

*000*2019-11-12 22:02

There is a special club for boys and girls who likes pee holding and pee desperation. It is a kind of sado maso club for bladder torture, for girls who likes to hold their pee, for girls who likes to be made to hold it and for girls who likes to get their bladder tortured from hot boys.

The girls are proud of their strong bladder and of their ability to hold their pee extreme long.

It is a club for boys who love it if girls are desperate to pee, for boys who get's horny if they see a bulging bladder in a girls slim belly.

But it is a club for maso boys too, for boys who likes holding and gets his bladder tortured.

The club open only at Saturday at 8 pm.

Some girls hold it all day so that they are really full at 8. They know that there will be no loo for girls, that is exactly what they want need to wee, but can't go. They want to be full to burst, but forced to hold it.

That is exactly what the boys want too, they want to see girl's who hold a bladder full to explode.

Girls talk openly about their strong urge, about how bad they would need to go, how long they are holding it and how many hours since they would need to wee.

Boys like that, they get horny just from listen, they can't get enough, they want more of it. The girls bladder must stretch, they must get bigger and bigger and the urge must get stronger, for that reason they make the girls drink.

Some girls would need to wee really, really bad after hours, but there is no loo, they have to hold it and they have to drink.

The boys are curious how long the girls are able to endure that.

The club members should wear special dresses, maybe the girls bikini and the boys speedos? The bellies should be bare to see the bladders bulging.

There are young, slim waiter girls at the service, they are nearly naked, extra short miniskirt so that their white, little panties are visible.

This girls have to have extra large bladders, they are not allowed to wee all evening and for a good tip, they let you feel their swollen bladders and let you press on it.

On a little stage are some sexy dancer girls, they are also not allowed to pee. Late at night the girls would need to wee really, really bad. Forced from their bodily needs they do a "pee dance" they rub their knees, they press their thighs hard together, they bent over with the hands between their crossed legs and they massage their swollen bladders.

That is a dance, what boys who loves girls desperate to pee, wants to see!

If one of the guests wants to present her (his) sexy body and her bulging bladder, she can use the stage too.

Of course the strongest girl can't hold it forever. Any girl will piss herself if you don't let her go long enough, but that would be a shame at this club.

If a girl comes to her absolutely limit, if it get's to painful for her, or she starts to leak so that her white panty gets yellow over her slit, she can order a large measuring jug for to wee.

She can do that behind a little curtain or free to see for all, on the stage. If she has done her much needed pee she show the jug so that all can see how much she was holding. If her "performance" was good, she get's a big applause.

The dance girls and the service girls are not allowed to take one of this jugs, they have to aske for permission before.

If one of the girls need to wee really, really bad and the poor girl aske for permission to use a jug, the club owner aske sometimes the peoples "should we let her go?"

Especially the boys say something like this " no let her hold it, she is a big girl- make her wait, she can endure more- don't let her pee, her bladder can get bigger- no wee for her".

The boys love to see the waiter girls walk at the service with their upper thighs pressed together, the knees rubbing on each other, they love to see them stand beside the table with tight crossed legs and sometimes they can see near to the closing time, some drops of hot girl wee running down on the nude, slender legs.

I think one evening at this club would be a great experience!!!!?

Does somebody have more ideas for this club?

*002*2019-11-14 21:55

{{On 11/13/2019 at 3:37 AM, Zuorsara said:

This could be really interesting; do you plan to write a proper story about this club? How about one where the desperate waiters have to serve a couple of ladies without wetting themselves? I love the idea of desperate dancers also

}}

I am glad that you like my story.

I think it would be great if there would be a club where the dance girls and the waitresses would be not allowed to use the loo all evening.

Would that not be arousing to know that their bladders are full , to know that they would need to go really bad, but that they still have to hold it for hours?!

What would you like? Do you have some ideas?

*007*2019-12-24 09:24

{{11 hours ago, RagingPython said:

This sounds really sexy! I’d be too socially anxious to ever go to somewhere like this if it really existed though, but after Christmas I might take this idea and adapt it into a story. I especially love the idea of the waiters and dancers not being allowed to go, although I think it would be nice to let girls who just want to watch use the toilet. Or make the guys hold it too. That sounds like even more fun. ; )

}}

I am glad that you like my story and that you think about to take the idea for your own story.

Yes, the boys should hold it too, especially the waiter and the dancer boys.

What should the boys wear? Very short shorts or short skirts, the same as the girls?

I am curious at your story.

*008*2019-12-24 09:35

{{3 hours ago, Mandymom said:

I agree, mutual desperation is definitely something enjoyed by many. Plus, it.’s not entirely fair if the girls are the only ones who don’t get to go...

}}

I like both!

Mutual holding and mutual desperation is total arousing, but I like it too, sometimes more, if boys can go and girls have to hold it for hours more.

*010*2019-12-24 14:01

{{3 hours ago, RagingPython said:

Very short shorts I think.

I’m thinking I’d write it as a one off shorter story, probably involving my favourite characters from my stories. I’ll write it some point after Christmas.

}}

Yes, very short shorts and nude thighs, will be good!

I am really curious.

Merry Christmas to all of you!

*013*2020-01-08 14:14

Some questions about the „staff „ :

What do you think, how should the waitress girls and the waiter boys be dressed?

The girls, extra short skirts and white panties or only tiny bikinis or something else?

The boys, extra small and extra short shorts or small swimming trunks, what else?

Their bellies should be nude, because we want to see if it is swollen and if the bladder is already bulging.

What should the dancer wear?

I think that the idea from Holding Princes is a good idea, they should not pee after the morning pee on this special Saturday’s, so that they are already full from beginning and then they should not be allowed to go until the end, at 4 am.

Then before closing time they all should have to pee in a measuring jug.

We want to see how much each of them was holding and maybe that they get payed for the amount of urine they was able to hold, or they get payed for the holding time, for the hours they did not wee.

There could be two groups, no wee time or amount of wee.

Some of the „holdingtimegroup“ don’t even pee in the morning, they hold it since the day before.

Some of the „amount group „ pee before they start to work, but drink a lot all evening and all night.

Maybe they get a bonus for the amount or for the time, or only the 3 best gets extra money, so that it ends in a kind of competition.

Do you have any ideas or imaginations?

*016*2020-01-13 16:10

I would like to make a kind of casting for the dancer and for the server.

They know that they would earn a good money for this job and therefore would be a lot of good looking girls and good looking boys applying for this job.

At the job interview they would get told that they have to have a large and a strong bladder, because they would not be allowed to use the loo from beginning until the end.

That means that they have to hold their wee from evening until early morning.

Then they get told the rules and they get asked for their specific and personal data’s and pee holding abilities.

They should tell me their longest time without a pee and why they was holding it for so long.

If they know it, they should tell me the maximum amount of urine they was able to hold in their bladder.

After that, i would tell them, that they will have to beat all their personal holding records, on this special night’s and that they will learn to feel what it means need to pee and to hold a FULL bladder for hours.

And finally on this job interview they should tell me some experiences where they was holding it for extreme long.

Voluntary - on purpose or forced, but i hope, that all this stories will be beaten on this evening’s .

*019*2020-01-17 22:44

{{On 1/15/2020 at 10:30 AM, HoldingPrinces said:

I'm in. I would like to apply to join as a dancing girl. My personal record is 18 hours. And I have danced with that full bladder..

}}

I think you would be a good dancing girl!

Do you think you could endure it, not to pee all day before you start to dance and to hold it until the morning without to wee yourself?

Would you like to show the guests your ability to hold it?

As you were dancing with your full bladder, was your belly visible swollen and your bladder bulging after holding it for so long?

*023*2020-01-20 20:27

{{On 1/15/2020 at 4:10 PM, StarFireMelody said:

I would so be down to visit the club, maybe the club could offer training classes to those who want to hold more but need to some.... encouragement.

}}

This would be a really a great idea to offer a pee holding training.

I would love to be the coach and the teacher.

To encourage girls and boys who needs to pee really bad, to hold it longer and longer.

To teach them not to wee, even their bladder is swollen and bulging, to see them fight to hold it in, would be great!

I think it must be total arousing to be full to explode and see others torture them self or gets their bladder tortured from the coach who does not let them pee.

There could be a window in this room, for guests who pay for watching the girls and the boys suffer a painful need to wee.

