One failure leads to another

Author: holdit247

*000*2021-07-21 16:02

(No resemblance to real people or entities is intended or implied. Copyright © 2021 [email protected])

Failing one's exams, Bella pondered to herself as she peered into her tiny wardrobe, was a foolish thing to do. Spending more time with her boyfriend than revising had been her downfall, and the disappointing results published a few weeks before had precipitated a crisis in her life. Orphaned at age 12, now turned 18 years old, and with her social security benefits withdrawn if she left education, she had nowhere to live once her university offer had been withdrawn. She'd quickly applied for any job she could hope to get without qualifications, and had recently landed her first full time job: as a parcel courier, driving a white van door to door for an online retailer.

She didn't expect it to be exhilarating or enjoyable, but paying for a roof over her head and basic essentials meant she would give it her all until she could retake or something better turned up. The Sunday evening before her first day, she laid out her clothes she would wear to travel to work in the morning, knowing that she'd return home in her new uniform with several spare uniforms for her to launder at home as required. She added "Washer/drier" to her aspirational shopping list for the small flat she'd managed to rent with the financial help of an ageing aunt.

She wasn't very keen on her direct line manager after he'd begun her induction. A middle aged pot-bellied man, he'd sorted her uniforms, taking too much interest in her clothes size for her liking, and checked her driving licence before explaining that her first day would be spent shadowing an experienced driver to learn the ropes. The second day she'd drive the route with the same driver, and the third day she'd be on her own.

Gareth, the driver allocated for her to shadow, was much nicer. He seemed to care about new starters and as they drove from the depot out to his regular round, he said that he inducted most of them. His round was one of the furthest from the depot, so they had time to get to know each other and for Bella to learn the basics from him before the first delivery. She was shocked to learn that on average he had 90 deliveries per day to make, and was not expected to go back to depot until he'd attempted them all. He described the company's rules on how long to wait on each doorstep before deeming the recipient wasn't at home, and other policies and procedures Bella would need to follow. He said that on average days he'd leave the depot before 8am and get back about 9pm, but near Christmas and during January sales when "all hell breaks loose in online shopping" it would take longer despite having more drivers and vans on.

Bella took interest in following Gareth to every doorstep and asked questions about how he could tell single rural properties with no signage were the ones he needed to deliver to. By 1pm she was starving after her most active morning for several years, and was distraught to see that Gareth had brought a packed lunch with him. "I didn't think of that," she moaned to him, but he assured her that he'd be stopping for "a much needed whizz" on his way to the next delivery after his lunch so she could buy something in the shop near the public toilets he would use. Bella hadn't drunk anything since breakfast as she hadn't thought to bring anything with her, so didn't need to pee much, but took the opportunity and bought a small lunch and a bottle of water. She ate while he drove and delivered the next couple of parcels.

By the time they got back to the depot Bella needed to pee quite noticeably, which was hardly surprising after about 7 hours - a much longer time than she usually went without peeing, but she didn't think much more of it.

On her second day Bella managed to avoid the nasty boss completely before meeting Gareth, and had come prepared with a flask of tea, a packed lunch and a refillable bottle of water for the afternoon. It took the whole journey from the depot to the same distant round for her to get used to driving the large parcel van, much bigger than any car she'd learnt to drive in.

Although delivering to different addresses the round roughly involved the same route and so Bella was extremely grateful to let her flask of tea out when they had the opportunity at public toilets around lunchtime. She had needed to go badly but not enough to complain about it to Gareth. She was not familiar with needing to pee badly, and so didn't think through the consequences of drinking her water bottle during the afternoon. Being more hydrated despite having had the lunchtime pee Bella found the whole experience horrendous during the later afternoon. She struggled to drive safely, fidgeting wildly but continuing with the job, and couldn't hide it from Gareth. He was used to seeing new drivers suffer like this and didn't bother to mention anything.

There was no way Bella would squat to pee in public so she determinedly held on until they arrived back at the depot. She ran to the ladies without even parking the van, sheepishly returning to apologise to Gareth and thank him for showing her the ropes. Tomorrow she'd be alone, allocated her own van and assigned a new route.

It was on the third day that Bella realised her liquid intake was what was making her suffer. She could feel that her bladder was extremely full, bulging beneath her uniform, and was mortified that the dark blue trousers didn't entirely hide the first leak. The first time she had even slightly wet herself since childhood. The problem was exacerbated by the new route, as Bella didn't see any public toilets all day.

She found herself squirming on her customer's doorsteps as she waited for them to open their doors; struggling to keep still once they did; not staying long enough for those that appeared not to be in and eventually abandoning her round to dash back to the depot. She again parked badly and ran to the loos, where her boss met her after she'd relieved herself and reprimanded her for not delivering a high enough percentage of parcels and for the complaints from customers that she had rung their doorbells then left in a hurry.

A similar pattern developed for the first few days that she worked alone, though Bella gradually reduced her drinks intake and got further through her round each day, managing to wait longer after ringing doorbells and reducing the complaints her boss reported.

On her first day off after six days of work Bella met a group of her single friends and as usual they went out for dinner and drinks. As a result she was slightly hungover for the start of her second work week, so she took the flask of tea and water bottle knowing she'd need them if she wanted to start feeling better. There were slightly fewer parcels to deliver for some reason so despite the tea and water, having started slightly dehydrated Bella coped well for the morning and some of the afternoon. As the day wore on though she felt the familiar desperate need to pee, her bladder full and totally distracting her, like that second day with Gareth had been. Because of the smaller number of parcels that day, Bella thought she could cope and was determined to finish so that her boss had no reason to criticise her.

With five parcels left in the back of her van, she was at her absolute limit, driving with one hand between her legs and not even trying to hide her fidgeting even when making deliveries. The penultimate parcel was a large TV, so lifting the box would have been a struggle for a petite woman like Bella at any time, but the effort to heave it onto a trolley almost pushed her over the edge to a catastrophic wetting. Bella hid in the back of the van clutching herself to regain a little control before finishing the delivery. Alas, the householder wasn't in and so she had to reload the huge box, suffering agony as her pee exceeded her bladder's ability to contain it. To her relief only a tiny leak escaped, barely visible on her trousers but not very ladylike, she thought.

When she attempted the final delivery of the day to a house she hadn't visited before, she found it gated with an intercom. Pausing to use the intercom tested her bladder again, still at her absolute limit but aware that this was her last drop before she could rush back to the comfort of the ladies loo at the depot. Once the gates were opened by the tinny voice at the other end of the intercom, Bella found herself proceeding along a posh gravel drive which widened to a large circular parking area, an Aston Martin parked at the front of a grand Elizabethan mansion next to a Bentley and a Porsche.

This one was a small thin parcel, which she used to fan herself as she stood on the doorstep waiting for the householder. As so many times in the last week she had now reached the final stages of desperation where the body involuntarily sweats. The door finally opened and Bella was delighted to see a famous footballer, quite a good looking one if she was honest about it, very well dressed, ready to receive his delivery.

Usually she just handed over the parcel and left without saying anything, especially if she was desperate to pee, so she offered the parcel to the guy with her arm outstretched, but a shiver of desperation ran through her as she did so, making her arm shake. The footballer noticed her fidgeting legs and slight bend at the waist as she fought her bladder, plus the telltale goosebumps on her skin that sometimes manifest at the advanced stages of desperation, and to her horror asked her about it.

"Do you need to pee?"

Bella wouldn't usually admit it to a stranger, but thought he must be going to offer her use of his loo so replied with relief in her voice "You have no idea!"

"Would you like to come in?"

Bella was trained by her employer never to do so for safety and security reasons, but also knew her van had a tracker so she could be found. Plus would a famous face risk getting caught doing something perverted? Her bursting bladder won, and she accepted without a word, stepping forward through the grand door.

She expected him to point her at a toilet so didn't immediately ask where it was; instead, he shocked her, asking "Would you like to earn some extra money?"

She didn't like the sound of that, replying "I just need to pee so desperately, can you show me your loo please?"

"Well that's the point, I'll pay you £100 per minute that you hold on from now," he checked his expensive looking watch "4:47pm, until you give in."

"What?! What? No, just let me pee and I'll leave!" Bella screeched, the guy was a pervert, she'd never heard of anything like it, but knew footballers earned megabucks so presumably he was used to buying whatever he desired.

"£200"

Bella stared at him, taking in his good looks, his shapely thighs evident through his trousers. All the while she was shaking with desperation, her tea and water more than ready to be let out. Her bladder was a far more urgent issue than her money worries, but at the back of her mind £200 sounded a lot of money.

Still wiggling, breathing slowly to avoid squeezing her bladder any more than absolutely necessary, gasping at times, leaving no doubt as to her predicament, Bella continued to stare at him. Incredulous that anyone would say or offer such a thing, never mind this famous, and she had to admit quite good looking, footballer would do so.

He was studying her body language, but glancing at his watch as she stared at him. At last he seemed satisfied with something on the watch. "You've made £200 already, well done" he said simply.

Bella gasped, the surprise at him offering the money repeated. She stammered "How, h h h how long.... Long would you make me... make me wait?

He grinned. He knew he'd got her now. He pretended to count something on his fingers then replied "I'm good for about 100 days at £200 a minute on this season's wage, but by the looks of you you might not last that long!" he paused. "Would you like to sit down, it might help?"

She whimpered, too desperate to think, too desperate to move, too shocked to demand a toilet.

The footballer bent down, picked Bella up under her knees and shoulders, and carried her towards one of the doors out of the grand hall. Her body, naturally bent in his arms, squashed her bladder making her squeal "Don't do that, I'll pee!" He could feel her rhythmic fidgeting even as he carried her.

The room turned out to be a lounge, a huge TV dominated one wall, a natural stone fireplace another, a huge corner sofa in the middle of the room. The guy dropped her on to one end of the sofa, which remarkably didn't shake her sphincter's clench loose, and encouraged her to lie back, to give her bladder room to expand.

"I recommend you try to keep still, come to terms with the need rather than letting it be urgent. When you psychologically can master it, can let your bladder know you're the boss and it's just doing it's job, you'll make a lot more money." He paused, letting her take in what he'd said. "I have an app, hold on," he laughed at his own pun, taking his phone out of his pocket. The TV flicked on, displaying his phone screen. The app had a counter, which read 3 minutes 24 seconds in very large text, and underneath the number £600.

"Are you incentivising me to hold longer? Is thi... this," she paused, let out a very rapid breath, and tried again "Is this prostitution?"

"No, it's a transaction for money that incentivises you not to pee, but there's no sexual connotations, so it's not prostitution. Do you need money?"

"You have no idea," Bella repeated, "but nothing like as much as I need a toilet. This is insane, I've never needed to pee this much, even this week in this new job..." she trailed off, watching the clock hit 4 minutes and the indicator increase to £800, but encouraged by her benefactor, she told the story of her agonising induction to driving a delivery van. As she did so, her fidgeting never ceased, but describing the desperate incidents of her week at work seemed to distract her enough that she could feel some level of control.

Once she finished, she changed her tone from factual to very tense "Look, you're taking a huge risk as a famous face asking me to do this, and I'm literally about to pee on your sofa, why are you risking this?"

He replied that it was an incredible turn on for him, and none of his girlfriends had big enough bladders to excite him, no matter how hard they tried, hence he was single again. He'd tried to buy the services of a couple of escorts, but they cheated, dehydrating themselves before meeting him or trying to secretly pee off a park bench through her dress after a candlelit dinner, being so desperate that it apparently hadn't occured to her that he'd hear the spattering! "So when I saw your body language I knew your plight, and I figured you could only say yes, no or be non-committal, so I'd entice you with the first £200."

Bella nodded. "It did." But what now she wondered? She couldn't comprehend waiting any longer, never having needed to go so badly before. His reply was that she should do whatever it takes, and that he'd noticed talking about it seemed to distract her, which she had to admit might be the case. Thus with his prompting they explored her bladder history, any situations she'd been in as an adult woman that had pushed her comfort.

Before she knew it 28 minutes had passed, and she had £5,600 on the TV. "You're my last delivery, but I have to go back to the depot before it closes. While I feel a bit more in control now, I have to leave, and I'm going to pee before I get back in my van, where is your loo?"

"Please wait another 100 seconds to get to 30 minutes," he begged. She fidgeted more violently again, lying on her back but twisting her whole lower body all over the sofa. They were the longest 100 seconds of her life. She watched the clock intently, wishing he had set it to show seconds as well as minutes. The moment the clock hit 30 minutes he stood up, and beckoned her.

"It's this way, you've earned it."

Bella peed in private, grateful for the most enjoyable relief she'd ever felt. When she opened the toilet door, the footballer had a huge wadge of cash in his hand, and gave it to Bella. "£6,000 plus a tip, call it a new starter bonus." He pushed his luck. "Same time tomorrow?"

Bella laughed but shook her head, thanked him for the money and legged it. It had been the weirdest experience she'd ever had, as well as the most uncomfortable, and she didn't want ever to see him again.

At the depot, her manager commented that she had parked better, which made Bella smile that she hadn't arrived back bursting to pee for once. When she got home, she immediately counted the cash she'd 'earned'. The tip was huge, he'd given her another £6,000, £12,000 in total. Equivalent to £400 per minute.

---

The next day Bella made her flask of tea and filled her water bottle without thinking; it was the habit of a lifetime to keep drinks with her and stay hydrated, and the previous days hangover had reinforced the habit. She suffered similar desperation as she had with the footballer, thinking to herself at one point while squeezing her thighs together at traffic lights how much he'd like to know about it.

The day after that, his address was on the schedule earlier in Bella's round. She was dreading seeing him again, but delighted to discover he was not home. She was relieved not to have to see or talk to him and hence avoid having to decline any strange offers he might make today.

On her next day off, Bella splashed her cash, buying drinks for all her friends and a few hotter guys in the bar she was visiting. She'd never had so much money in her life. Her friends asked how she'd come into so much extra cash, making Bella blush red with embarrassment, but she claimed it was just to celebrate her first pay cheque from the new job. In fact, she'd paid off all her debts, including her aunt, bought the extras like the washer/drier for her flat, and enjoyed an occasional take away dinner. The £10,000 had rapidly dwindled, but she felt in control of her finances and her life for the first time in her adulthood.

The next day while in the depot, much more hungover, nursing a cup of coffee and a subsequent tea while her parcels were loaded to her van, Bella noticed another parcel addressed to 'her footballer', and again it was nearly last on her route. When she delivered the parcel before his, the mobile app the retailer she delivered for used to administer her deliveries pinged up a notification: the parcel had special delivery instructions which read 'Please bring extra if you can'. Innocuous to the average reader, but laden with innuendo for Bella. He wanted her to arrive with an even fuller bladder.

That wouldn't be a problem: she was already really desperate, by far the most desperate she had been since doing this godforsaken job. She'd leaked badly over an hour before this drop, so badly that she'd had to turn the air vents in the van down to point at her crotch to try and dry the wet spot a bit between deliveries. But Bella being Bella, she would never pee in a layby beside the van. Her upbringing wouldn't allow her to consider it. But she had no intention of indulging him again, as far as Bella was concerned she'd made more than enough to be able to tell him where to go if he asked again.

After ringing the grand doorbell Bella was prepared, and when the door opened and he stood there resplendent in the clothes she'd delivered to him on the previous occasion, she immediately said "No! I'm not doing it again" to him. Her fidgeting was uncontrollable and much more pronounced, so he knew what state she was in. He mock grimaced at her stern refusal, pouted, then simply responded "£1,000 per minute?"

Bella was in a quandary. She'd hated the experience of holding her pee every day, especially that day in those circumstances, hated that she'd entertained the idea, hated herself for wavering again now. But she did love having the money. If she could last 30 minutes again for this man with his weird interest, she'd earn £30,000, more than the delivery job paid all year!

He could see she was thinking. "I loved what you did for me, I can't get it out of my head. You made me very happy, and you did a tremendous job, far better than I expected. I want to reward you and encourage you to do it again. Won't you try it? How bad can it be for that sort of money?" He hesitated, then pressed on, clearly having prepared this speech "If you like, we could make this a regular thing, I'll order from your company regularly so you can be sure of earning from me if you promise to be full when you arrive here. What do you say?"

Bella had contorted her legs into a sort of spiral, utterly unable to keep still and bouncing awkwardly with both hands in her crotch while he spoke. "I can't today, I'm much more desperate, I leaked for the first time an hour ago. Just let me pee, please, please. It's unbearable."

In reply he handed her £1,000 in £50 notes. "You've earned this already arguing with me, do you want more?"

"No I want a pee, I'm bursting, can't you see?!"

"Just what I like, come on in" he chuckled. Bella resisted. She threw the parcel at him and turned to leave, but he grabbed her arm. He immediately let go, realising his action could be badly misconstrued. "I'm sorry, the moment and my desire to see you fight your bladder for a few minutes got the better of me. I understand if you want to walk away and never see me again."

Bella's instinctive Britishness got the better of her, replying "No, no, it's not an issue, just let me go to the bloody bathroom before I wet myself."

He replied "£2,000 per minute if you wait in your underwear until you leak; the moment you do, you can go and pee. You know where the bathroom is, if you prefer, just go straight away now and have £1,000 for each of the..." he checked his watch "3 minutes you've been here."

Bella acquiesced at the increased offer, walking stiffly to his living room and perching delicately on the same spot on his sofa. "Will you deduct money if I wet your sofa?"

He smiled. "No but you'd be foolish to give in; remember, mind over matter, you're an adult woman, you can make your bladder last a little longer if you want the money enough, and I think you're doing brilliantly. I know I'm enjoying it."

"I don't know," Bella wriggled as she replied, "this is insanely bad. I was hungover this morning so drank more even before leaving the depot. It is definitely the worst I have ever had to pee."

By literally clamping both her hands between her legs, alternately sitting and wriggling then pacing around the room, Bella made it through 3 incredibly difficult minutes of holding her bladder, keeping it sealed shut for the guy's pleasure. She could see that he was turned on, but was so desperate that all she could do was concentrate on herself, on staying dry. Any other thought was dismissed by her brain before it had time to form, all her energy was going in to keeping herself waiting a little longer, to earn more money. She was sweating with the effort of keeping it all in, in that classic sign of late-stage desperation.

"Take those uniform trousers off, let me see your underwear is still dry if you want the £2k a minute."

The clock read 7 minutes, £7,000 or £14,000 flashed through her mind. Bella panted and puffed through her reply: "I guess I'm this far in to it, but you'll have to bend down to pull them off, I can't squash my bladder." With some swift hand movements, Bella moved her hands inside her trousers so he gently removed the trousers for her, in a bizarrely gentlemanly fashion considering the circumstances. Somehow he didn't even touch her skin. He updated his app and the TV instantly showed £14,000 alongside 7 minutes 48 seconds.

After yet another particularly strong spasm she reluctantly said "I don't think I can last any longer. I'm about to fail."

His response was to distract her. "Tell me about what you've drunk today, you do seem more desperate than last time."

Bella did so, finding the distraction did help her hold with a little more confidence. She was slightly less fidgety by the time she finished explaining.

"See, I told you, it's a mind game this, you'll last a lot longer if you win the battle mentally, your body can physically do whatever you tell it. It's like elite athletes, they win or lose on the mental battle with their opponent, plus lots of training."

Bella tried to nod through the violent shaking she was suddenly experiencing, both hands still clenched between her legs. She stood, yet again, and paced her way around behind the enormous sofa. The footballer didn't take his eyes off her, twisting in his seat to follow her tortured walk. She managed a quip "Do you think this is a mental battle against," she paused, blew air out through pursed lips, bobbed down and up again, twice, then screwed her face up at her tormentor before continuing "oh God that was close, against the urine or my bladder?"

"Oooh good question, no-one's ever asked me that before. What do you think?"

Bella thought the battle was with her bladder. The urine was just a bit part player. She'd have the same bladder another day but different water molecules "or whatever they are called, I failed science!"

He nodded, unable to argue with that logic, but spotted the underlying point. "Are you saying there'll be another time?" Bella knew she had come this far so she might as well earn the money, it wasn't really doing any harm other than some bladder pain, taking some real effort on her part, but she wasn't afraid of hard work, not any more. But she also realised that the next time she needed to negotiate; so far, all the money offers had been made by him. She must seem like a schmuck, stood nearly naked, in his lounge, visibly fighting her body, for the amount of money he was willing to offer rather than what she demanded.

"I'll tell you after I let this out. Soon!" She grimaced again, sitting yet again. The clock showed 9 minutes 33 seconds at this point.

"If you make it to half an hour," he pointed at the clock on the screen, "I'll make it £10k per minute for the whole time you've been here."

Bella screeched, shook her head, wiggled her foot, bent forward and begged her bladder to obey. But it had other ideas, she felt a large leak get past her hands, undoubtedly wetting her panties. She removed her hands for him to see. He stared intently, before she stood, ran for the door and the toilet on the other side of the hall. He calmly followed, admiring her slightly damp rear, calling after her "We'll call it ten minutes at £2k per minute, well done!"

Bella was in the loo for quite a while, trying to dry her underwear on toilet paper but failing. Eventually she emerged, sheepishly, silently, put her uniform trousers back on and asked for her money.

"I have it here. But tell me about next time first."

"I was thinking that I need the money, I like having the money to spend, so can we do this on a more planned basis. On my day off? I'll come over for a couple of hours if you can pick me up, I only have the work van to drive. You can watch me drink and hold for hours, but I get the minute rate for the whole time. Deal?"

Clearly he thought this was a great idea "How many hours?"

"I last peed over 10 hours ago, can you afford 600 minutes at £10k a minute?"

And so the deal for her next visit was done. He had warned as she walked back to her van to finish her round that at that rate, he couldn't afford to see her so frequently, and nor could he pay cash, so could she set up a business to invoice him for her services, making it tax deductible for him!

---

Another chapter may follow. 

*002*2021-07-26 13:26

{{On 7/23/2021 at 2:33 AM, omocbc said:

This is such a good story, hoping for another chapter

}}

I have part written it already but got busy with work, will persevere when I can.

