The Carriage Journey !

Author: huberp76

*000*2024-07-12 12:30

Long time ago, at the time when there were no cars, where people traveled with horse carriages.

The biggest part of people was very poor and had not many rights.

The social distinction was extremely big between poor and rich.

Rich people lived in big houses and some of them in castles. They had a lot of workforce and servants.

The servants had to serve from early morning till evening and sometimes longer.

They housed in extra buildings and they had no permission and no right to use the bathrooms in the manor house.

That means that they had to suppress their bodily needs from morning when they were leaving until they come back to sleep late at evening.

For men and boys was it easier to find on and off a opportunity to pee somewhere, but women and girls did usually get not even one chance to go, they had to hold their wee the entire day.

They were trained and accustomed that they have to overfill their bladders and to hold the urine back for hours and hours although the bladder was already very full and the urge was painful.

Over that there were some situations where girls had to suffer especially bad, where their bladders was getting tortured extremely hard.

It was then when the ladies visited relative at another castle which was far away.

It was mostly a journey for one day and sometimes for much longer, depending how far it was.

The ladies did take 2 or 3 servants for their personally assistance at the journey.

That was usually young girls just a little over 18.

They travelled in a convoy with more carriages and they stopped from time to time for to stretch one’s legs. The men used the opportunity for to pee.

The ladies had chamber pots under their seat, the men pissed outside in the bushes, but the girls had no opportunity to pee anywhere, they had to hold their wee the entire journey.

Their bladders were getting more and more full and overfilled. They became big, hard and heavy as a cannonball inside their abdomen’s.

Each pothole was a extra torture for their bursting full bladders and there were a lot of it, because the roads were very bad to that time.

Consistently the convoy stopped for to empty the chamber pots and for to let the men piss, but the girls didn’t get a chance to pee, they had to hold it.

Although they were needing to pee so unbelievable bad they had to go back in the carriage, unrelieved and with a painful overfilled bladder.

They had to wait for the next stop and there they still didn’t get a chance for a so much needed wee.

It was inhumane what the girls had to endure, but nobody did care about it.

They were girls and they were servants, they were bodies with no rights, not even the right to piss!

Their lower abdomens were full and swollen with their big expanded bladders.

When they arrived they were desperate and frantic to pee, but they still couldn’t relieve themselves.

There were young men and boys who had to bring the baggage from the carriages to the room if the ladies.

The servants had to put the clothes in the wardrobe.

The guys did know the circumstances, they did know that the girls don’t get a chance to wee and that they are always full to burst when they arrived and they like that.

They were getting animated to think at the girls big full bladders in their bellies, they did think at the girls cunts and how hard and tight they must squeeze them together to keep so much pee inside.

They did imagine how much they will piss when they finally get allowed to do it and they did talk about all that when they saw the girls working with crossed legs and sometimes with one hand between their thighs.

“Can you show us our room?“ asked one of the girls one guy.

“Are you in hurry?“ asked the guy sarcastic and sadistic, well knowing that she was in hurry and well knowing why she was in hurry.

“Oh yes wee are in hurry, we are all three full to burst. It is noon and we have not pissed since yesterday early in the morning.“ answered the girl.

“How can you girls endure this for so long, how can you stand that?“ asked one of the boys, visibly aroused about that the girls were holding their wee for so extreme long period of time.

“I don’t know how we can do it, but we simply have to do it !!!

You can’t even imagine how much that hurts and how painful that is.”answered the girl.

“We make a deal, we show you your room and you show us your pissing cunts.

You let us watch how you piss in the chamber pot.“ said one of the boys.

The girls agreed, they would have done everything just for to piss finally.

Each of the girls filled the chamber pot nearly full.

It was unbelievable for the boys how much the girls pissed and with how much pressure.

It was hissing and jetting out of their young slits between their spread thighs.

The men were getting absolutely horny about to see the girls piss one after the other.

Then they compared the amount of the hot dark yellow girl piss in the chamber pots to see which of the girls was holding the most.

They assessed that they were all three holding the nearby the same amount.

It was so much arousing and turning on for the young men, to see so much girl wee, to smell the wee and to imagine how big and how expanded the bladders of the girls must have been to contain so much urine inside.

“ Poor things, their bladders must have been about to explode!!!! That must have hurt them very much.”said one of the guys.

”They are not poor, they are girls, and girls are made to hold, especially servant girls, we shouldn’t have let them piss. They were so hot when they were so full and frantic to piss.” said another.

