Golden College Days (Introduction)

Author: Harumaru

*004*2022-09-16 15:17

Hello everyone~! Here is Part 2 to my series Golden College Days! Part 1: HERE

Chapter 2: The First Discovery

Summary: Steven goes to a college party and immediately regrets it as he explores his college grounds and meets someone in a similar situation like him.

###

High school had partying, but college had even more partying. Steven guessed it was because that these were all legal adults and they could buy all the alcohol they wanted without fear of repercussion and party on grounds. At least grounds like the frat houses and other restaurants or places in close proximity to the university.

He was also guessing that partying really wasn’t his scene. It hasn’t even been a month and Steven was already overwhelmed with the changes and classes. Steven never particularly enjoyed homework and the work was already catching up to him. Today he barely finished his homework before class, and he felt particularly drained.

Tonight was a college rager according to several other college students and flyers plastered all around the campus. So he decided to check it out and head over to the frat houses where he was standing outside with a red cup full of booze in his hand. This was a party all right, there was loud music blaring loud enough for other quieter houses to hear and it was luring in other partygoers.

“Diaz!”

“There’s our old star!”

“I think this is the first time I’ve seen you at a party!”

Stephen immediately forced a cheeky grin as soon as he heard the voices of the guys from his old high school. By some miracle these boneheads managed to get into college too, and while he was glad to see some familiar faces he much preferred his real friends Tia and Laney. Except Tia already went home to sleep after stressing out over tests, and Laney and her brother Hunter went out to dinner with their mom and uncle.

He should have gone with one of them, because now he had to entertain these bozos for a little while. “Yeah I wasn’t gonna risk getting kicked off the team by drinking underage you dorks.” He casually waved off their little comment, and they immediately burst into raucous laughter. They took it as a good-natured joke which Stephen was thankful for since he didn’t mind joking around with these guys.

Although he was already feeling even more tired just listening to these guys about some nonsense about trying to get into the teams in college and adjusting to the flexible schedules. He only joined in this so-called party of drinking, socializing and dancing to someone’s phone in an attempt to relieve the stress he was already feeling. Steven knew some of these guys meant well, but he was starting to wonder if this was even his thing. Despite his demeanor Steven was never really the extroverted type. He had his close friends that he preferred to spend time with, but he didn’t mind hanging out with other athletes just to be nice.

He just wished that he didn’t regret it as much as he did right now. This party wasn’t that fun and while Steven was glad to have temporarily forgotten about his issues in class, he wanted to go home. He was ready to go home. So he laughed a little more with the guys, letting them get lost in some bullshit story that wasn’t even really a story, and carefully took a few steps back. He kept doing this for some time until he thought the guys didn’t really notice him anymore.

They were all clearly drunk, or at least drunker than he was based on how much they were laughing and grinning all merrily. Steven wasn’t drunk, although he did take another sip of the red cup in his hand. The red, fruity alcohol felt cool running down his throat and yet he still let out a cough once he drank it down. There was a warm feeling in his chest that he couldn’t really make out because he didn’t drink this much before. Most of the time at parties Steven just enjoyed his one cup of alcohol, but this was his second as of right now. The booze tasted good, or at least it tasted as good as cheap, dollar store booze in a box could taste.

This was perfect for him. Steven used this as his opportunity to walk away while they were just laughing like idiots and talking about something he couldn’t hear anymore. It’s not that he didn’t want to stick around, it’s just that this drunk frat boy party wasn’t his thing. Hopefully they would get so drunk that they wouldn’t remember any of this.

“Ugh… man this sucks…” The young man thought outloud as he started to walk away, tossing his cup into the nearest trashcan until he realized he had missed it. He sighed in annoyance before quickly going back to throw it into the trash. Littering wasn’t cool and not even Steven stood for that.

He really must have been buzzed if he couldn’t even toss a light, empty cup into an open trash-can.

Knowing this, he tried to think as much as his brain would let him. According to an old friend of his, if you’re drunk you should drink more water. As an athlete he knew that made sense, and hydrating the body would help the liver with metabolizing any alcohol present in the body. Which would also help someone sober up and it was good for hangovers as well. Steven was confident that he wouldn’t be hungover but he needed to get some water in his system.

During his walk he observed the rest of the college grounds and buildings, watching other students go by either chatting with friends or getting to night classes. It was a pretty cool place, and Steven felt a little freer than he did in high school. So this is what it meant to be an adult, at least that’s what most people said. Yet, he didn’t really relax. It wasn’t easy to relax when his skin was naturally darker than most others.

All it took was one fool to get the wrong idea.

However he pushed those thoughts at the back of his head, not wanting to bum himself out. He kept walking and smiled when he found a perfectly good water fountain to take a huge swig from. There was something about the cooling feeling of water running down his throat as he gulped and gulped the freshness. It was just like finishing up a game of basketball, soccer or baseball. A big drink of water was sometimes the greatest reward after working hard.

He had been practicing basketball in the recreation center since tryouts weren’t for another week. Steven’s first goal was to try and get on the team. That was his thing, he had been a basketball player ever since his middle school years. He made sure to focus on that and other athletics. Athletics were his life. At least, that’s what he told himself. Steven needed a goal, focusing on other things might get in the way. Not that there was any pressure, he just knew he needed to do something with his life.

And then he could go home, listen to Tia chat about some silly Netflix show she wanted him to binge with her and play around with Laney as she always tried to make a competition of things. That was what made it all fun. He did whatever he could just so he could go home with people he cared about. That’s why he gave himself some kind of goal, because unfortunately you can only do what you love with the people you love if you’re doing something important.

Steven didn’t know how important basketball was, but it was the only thing he was good at. And as long as he’s in college, he’ll work as hard as he can to make something out of himself. Which is why he had to focus and try to sober up as he took another huge drink of water.

“Ahhhhh!” He exclaimed somewhat loudly after he finished, small dribbles of water running down his chin as he cheerfully wiped it away. Nothing beat a nice drink of cool liquid.

With that, he figured it was time to just keep walking it off and then head on home. He could give himself the free time to enjoy the brisk night on his college grounds. After all just because he’s adulting now doesn’t mean he has to be boring.

“It’s college! I can have fun and do responsible stuff right? I just won’t get crazy or weird like they do in movies… how does crazy stuff like that even happen? That’s just purely fictional, like my life is some purely fictional story…”

He thought to himself with a little snicker as he put his hands in his pockets and came up to a bridge overlooking the artificial river. It was true when they said that colleges had brilliant set-ups were students could either party or study in peace. He planned to study and party-ish with his actual friends instead of this bust of a party with his fake friends.

“Yeah… I’ll do that… what was I thinking? Thank God Tia and Lanes are home…”

Steven thought somewhat grimly to himself, happy that it was just him who came to this kind of party. Laney would have put up a fuss on how ‘sexist’ he thought, but Steven felt that his concerns were justified. At college a lot of awful things can happen because the statistics made it clear that a high amount of awful things happened at college especially because of asshole guys. It wasn’t exactly a safe spot for women, or even other men.

Laney liked to argue about this however. He felt she was right to because she knew self-defense, had a rape whistle on her and some mace and that worrying too much about her and Tia wasn’t exactly progressive. Steven understood because Laney was the strongest girl he knew and he trusted that she could take care of herself, but at the same time he couldn’t help but worry. There were much larger guys and real creeps around who just won’t back off and Steven felt a need to be a presence for her and for Tia. It wasn’t fair and it wasn’t right, but Steven was going to be damned if he just sat back and did nothing. He would do his best to at least support the girls and be that kind of presence for them.

Maybe they’ll all go to a bigger party together, and he trusted that Laney and Tia would know better than to accept things from strangers, but he’ll still be there. Steven will still be around them and give other creeps a non-verbal or verbal warning to back the fuck off. He swore this to himself.

Smiling at his resolve he found himself walking around another area where there were plenty of houses and judging by the looks of it, these were the sororities. His jaw lightly dropped when he saw some particularly nice-looking houses. Now these were impressive, but fitting for sorority sisters. They struck him as independent women whose groups were dedicated to their own causes. Steven always respected women like that and found himself chuckling warmly as he thought fondly of Tia and Laney.

“Mmm…”

But then he perked up when he heard a voice, and saw someone stumbling out of a house and it appeared to be a girl. She placed her hand over the door as she clumsily walked out and closed it. If Steven didn’t know any better, he would say that she must have been drunk based on her motion alone.

“Uh… excuse me…?” Concerned, Steven called out to the girl as she picked her head up and he saw her face.

She was very pretty and her face was ridiculously cute, with her cheeks flushed a lovely pink. She had black hair and bangs that almost perfectly framed her pleasantly oval-shaped face. What Steven took notice the most though was her sparkling hazel eyes, the reminded him of fresh cut grass from a garden. Her eyelashes were so long that the emphasizes the shape of her eyes, but one of the cutest features were the glasses. They were a nice rounded set that only made her eyes look bigger, what was it about her eyes that he liked so much? He wasn’t sure but all he knew is that this girl was adorable.

Except she didn’t seem like she was in her right mind, so Steven brushed those thoughts aside as he let the girl focus, “H-Hello…?” When she spoke, her voice was high yet demure. Definitely not like the brash energy of Laney or the chipper girliness of Tia.

“Hey uh… you okay?” Her cheeks were a little flushed so Steven had a feeling that she was drunk, and the gentleman in him felt it wouldn’t be right to let her go out like this.

“I-I…” She stammered, attempting to walk forward but she ended up almost tripping until Steven reacted fast with a gasp and quickly he rushed over to catch her before she could fall. She let out a squeal when she thought she was going to hit the ground but the impact never came…

“Whoa! Whoa, whoa careful… careful easy there…” Steven helped her up, but made sure to avoid touching her and let her go when she could stand on her own two feet. He respected boundaries and definitely won’t touch a girl for any longer than at least 2 seconds. Yet this seemed to really surprise the girl as she looked at him with wide, wonderous eyes.

“Damn… this girl is cute… and what is… what is she wearing? A mini-dress? And it’s white! Gah! Stop it! Don’t stare you idiot, ugh… this is kind of dangerous… is she a sorority sister at this house?”

“Uh… a-anyway do you uh… live here?” He asked her somewhat nervously, for some reason it was hard to talk to her. Steven had no trouble talking to Laney or Tia, but in his defense he knew this girls really well. This girl was someone he had never met before and for some reason her soft features made him feel almost bashful.

“I… no… i-it’s a party I was… told to get out of my shell but… mmm… I shouldn’t have had alcohol… was a bad idea…” The girl’s voice was slightly slurred and she seemed really out of it. Steven felt horrible for this girl, and he understood. Coming to a party was a huge mistake on his part took. The worst part is this girl didn’t even live here, and although he saw that she had a purse with her, part of him wanted to see to it that she got home safely.

“Ah, hey uh… why don’t I take you home? I have a car, just tell me where you live and I’ll drive you.” It was the least he could do. Steven Diaz was a gentleman, his two best friends were girls and so he would help another girl out.

“H-Huh? You would… do that?” She gasped sharply, her voice sounding somewhat higher as her eyes endearingly widened. Steven looked at her as she fidgeted, her legs squeezed together that made him think she must have been really nervous just speaking with him. It was so cute…

She wasn’t anything like Laney or Tia.

“Yes! Yes I would! I’ll help you out! My name is Steven!” Steven didn’t mean to exclaim so loudly, but if he could do something worthwhile tonight, he would be glad to do it, and the bonus would be helping someone out.

The girl’s cheeks turned a brighter shade of pink, which Steven thought was really cute. At least until she shut her eyes and squirmed where she stood. Her legs swayed ever so slightly, and Steven couldn’t help but notice how thick they were and what a pretty milky-white color they were.

“Steven Diaz no!!” He was a man who had sexual urges, yes, but he refused to act like a pervert. And on top of that she didn’t look comfortable, in fact it was almost like she had to-.

“Lily! Where’d ya go?!”

The two young adults heard another voice, another female’s voice. She was loud enough to scare both of them as Steven perked up and let out a shocked sound. He saw a shadow from the window approaching as his heart started racing and he broke out into an anxious sweat. How bad would it look to another girl to see him this close to a drunk girl?

“I-I have to go…! I don’t wanna be here…!” The drunk girl suddenly began to push past him, as if trying to hide and that gave Steven an idea. Looks like she was trying to avoid the party and didn’t want that girl to find her.

“O-Okay uh… brace yourself!” He tried to warn her quickly before he grabbed her wrist and quickly pulled her into another direction that had her yelp in alarm. Steven didn’t mean to scare her but he was trying to help her get away from whoever that was. He didn’t even think, he just pulled her to the side of the building into the shadows.

“Lily? I know you’re out here! Haha… c’mon we haven’t even gotten started yet!”

Steven peeked over the edge of the house to see who that girl was, but he didn’t recognize her either. Although he heard her say the girl’s name. Lily. So that was her name? Appropriate because it was a pretty name for an equally pretty girl.

That girl up ahead was pretty though, at least from what he could see from this distance. She had long black hair but that was about all he could see from her before she gave up trying to search for Lily.

“Boo… you’re no fun.”

She sounded pretty dismayed but Steven quickly hid his face when the girl went back inside the house. Steven found himself sighing in relief. Then again he didn’t do himself any favors, he probably shouldn’t have held onto Lily like that. Even if he was trying to help her.

“Hey… I’m really sorry.” He closed his eyes as he prepared himself to apologize to her, but suddenly her heard a sound of distress coming from her.

“Ohhhhh… ohhh…!”

Steven gasped loudly when this concerning noise. She sounded like she was in pain almost, did he accidentally hurt her? He turned around quickly, almost worried that something might have happened to this girl.

“Are you ok-?!”

Before he could even finish the sentence, he was immediately cut off when he saw…

Pink.

Pink panties with a black little bow on the front, as the girl hiked up her dress. A hissing sound threw him off before he noticed a wet spot growing on the fabric at her crotch as Lily whimpered and clasped her hands into her thighs as droplets and jets of urine dripped audibly. Beads of yellow ebbing down her thighs as Steven saw her move as quickly as she could. One of her hands clutched at one of the hems of her wet panties to fully expose her womanhood in all its shaven glory before him and Steven didn’t even realize that shout leaving him.

That wasn’t even the most shocking part…

PSSSSSSSHHHHHHHH...

What started as a dribble became a fountain of gold that suddenly poured out from between her legs and loudly splashed on the ground as the girl let out of a soft moan of relief and discomfort. Lily’s legs were quivering as she pissed where she stood and kept her dress hiked so it didn’t get all wet like her panties were. Unfortunately, she could still feel small drops getting on her calves and shoes as her pee steamed over the dry grass.

Yet all Steven could see was sparkles as he felt his entire face go aflame and he couldn’t take his eyes off of Lily’s strong stream of piss gushing out and forming a puddle right in between the two of them.

“Ohhh god… peeing all over myself… I can’t stop… I-I’m so sorry…” Lily panted as she let out soft sighs of relief as her bladder emptied and started to feel much less full. It was quite painful before and she remembered that she had to leave the place because all of the bathrooms were taken and the lines were full. That’s right, she came outside because she needed to take a piss really bad after drinking too much juice and booze no thanks to her friend Kuro.

If it were any other ordinary day she would have been freaking out. Lily was extremely shy by nature, but she was so drunk she didn’t feel any shame pissing in front of this man she just met.

Steven on the other hand was freaking out as he couldn’t even say a word while the girl kept on peeing and peeing. How much did she drink? He had no idea but her piss was still coming out and coming out strong and hard as he couldn’t tune out the loud splashes hitting the ground with a heavy patter. It was so strangely enchanting that the sight and sounds were sending uncomfortably stimulating signals to his body.

It was only then that he finally realized that he was staring way too long and this was so not cool…

“A-Ahhh! Y-You’re… ohhhhh my God uh… y-you know what? It’s okay, it’s okay! I just… I’m turning around now!!”

Steven stammered terribly as his cheeks were burning so hot he was sweating and he quickly turned around to let her have at least a little bit of privacy while she was still peeing. So that’s why she was acting a bit strangely, she must have had too much alcohol…

“Ohhh…! Ohhh God… mmmph… ohh…”

The moans and sighs were not helping him at all as he felt his jeans becoming tighter and tighter as he stared down at himself. To his great dismay Steven realized that he had gotten hard…

“What the hell?! Why am I hard from this?!”

Steven was so horrified with himself. A girl was taking a piss! Did that turn him on?! No way, no way it had to have been from shock and anxiety. An anxiety boner. That’s what it was…

“Oh my God…” Lily couldn’t help herself, it felt so good to pee. She kept on sighing as her stream hadn’t stopped yet. It seemed to fizzle out for a minute, only to start up again and splatter into the puddle at her feet. Staring down at herself, she started to feel embarrassed at how much she was pissing. Her stream thankfully went straight down as she stood on her shaking legs, but it was still embarrassing to be peeing in such a style.

Ladies like her don’t pee like this, ladies like her don’t even pee outside! She would have scolded herself if she wasn’t so drunk. She couldn’t even scold herself, she just felt so good as her pee stream started finally thinning out and began to lightly drizzle into her puddle.

“Oooh… ooooooh… I had to pee so bad… I couldn’t hold it… the bathrooms… lines were too long oooh…” Lily quietly moaned at her situation, blushing even more at the wetness teasing her thighs and her panties were partially drenched. She could smell her own piss even with her perfume on. What was worse is that this really nice guy was helping her out. And now he was here to see her piss. This was so embarrassing…

She never should have come to this party.

“Ohh God..”

Yet she let out another sigh of relief as her stream finally petered out and the last little trickles left her empty bladder. Her stomach was less full and she felt nothing but bliss as she smiled softly. At least until she remembered her panties were still wet and this guy was still there.

“I… I’m so sorry…”

Steven cringed hard when he heard her apologize, only her voice sounded smaller and then he heard a whimper, and then a sniffle…

He couldn’t bear to hear a girl cry, but he was not in the best position now. Quickly he took off his jacket and wrapped it around his waist. He was so embarrassed about his not-so-little problem but Lily was probably even more embarrassed than he was.

“N-No, no, no…! It’s fine! D-Don’t cry please! I-I won’t tell anyone! I swear on my life!”

Before Lily could burst into tears, Steven quickly swore that he would keep this a secret as he gave her a serious yet flustered look. Lily opened her tearful eyes to see this guy looking at her like that. He wasn’t even laughing or anything, he was being too nice…

“W-Why… why are you being… so nice to me…?”

In general Lily feared men and had no real experience talking to boys. She came to this party because her friend Kuro recommended that she start loosening up and talk to other people. It was hard for a wallflower like her, and she made a mistake drinking. And an even bigger mistake by pissing outside a sorority house in front of a boy.

“I-I uh… well…” Steven started stammering again. Why was he acting so shy to this girl? Then again, he did see her piss, and he saw her half naked…

“STOP IT STOP THINKING ABOUT THAT! Be a goddamn gentleman!!”

“I have two best friends who are girls!” He exclaimed without even thinking, and while the volume kind of scared Lily she didn’t think he had any bad intentions. If anything, he seemed almost nervous…

She did piss in front of him though. And did he say he had two friends who are girls?

“I-I mean uh… this is… college and uh… you seem like a nice girl I just… you looked like you needed help and I had to help… I didn’t want you to fall or anything… and… I meant it when I said I could drive you home.” Steven wasn’t going to focus on the uncomfortable feelings stirring in his loins, he remembered his goal. Take this girl home tonight.

“O-Oh… wow… t-thank you… S-Steven…?” Lily couldn’t believe this guy, he wasn’t lying to her at all was he? Why else would he save her from falling? If he wanted to do something weird he would have done it by now right?

“That’s my name and uh… Lily?” He said her name for the first time, and he saw her blush softly and he swore she smiled a little bit.

“T-That’s my name. Lily Gardner” She nodded as Steven couldn’t help but grin, his cheeks still flushed as he gave her a thumbs-up.

“You weirdo what are you doing? Only anime characters give thumbs up…” He mentally scolded himself because he tried to look cool but that was so not cool. Thankfully Lily didn't seem put off by it

“I-I uh… oh s-sorry um… I-I don’t want to waste your time anymore. I-I am ready to go home now…” Lily politely said, still looking quite shy especially after tonight.

“Oh! Right yeah I am too so… just follow me to my car.” He gave her a smile as he lead her out of the shadows. She blushed at this and stepped over the puddle of piss she left behind. God how embarrassing… she was going to die in the morning once she sobers up, she just knows it.

At least she would be safe, this guy wasn’t trying anything with her at all. She stood by him as he walked her across the campus and he kept his eyes out for any strange looking individuals. She had mace in her purse but for some reason having this person with her made her feel just a little bit more secure. At least because she knew she was drunk, if she were sober she wouldn’t be as on edge.

Steven perked up when he finally saw the parking garages and pulled out the keys from his pocket. And he jumped a little bit when his phone went off and the once quiet garage was suddenly filled with the lyrics of Golden by Harry Styles. “Ah!” How embarrassing, Lily gasped at the lyrics that were quite loud as Steven quickly answered the phone.

“What?!”

He yelled without even thinking, and flinched when he heard another person yell on the other side, only much more indignant.

“HEY! Is that how you’re gonna answer the phone to me?!” Tia somewhat angrily yelled, her high voice piercing his eardrums as Lily nervously sweatdropped.

“Tia! Oh… I’m sorry! Sorry I didn’t see it was you, my bad…” He immediately apologized for his rude greeting. If he had seent hat it was Tia he would have answered more politely.

“Mmm… it’s all right. Anyhoo… you almost done partying? You didn’t drink too much did you bad boy?”

“Please Stevie’s a total square he probably only had like ONE drink!”

He could hear Laney’s boisterous tone as she laughed at her own joke, which annoyed him even if she was absolutely right about that.

“Hey! I had TWO drinks for your information! And… yeah, yeah actually I’m done… I’m on my way home now… you girls okay?” Steven replied much more calmly and he heard Tia’s sweet little giggle.

“We’re fine! We’re just watching The Kissing Booth at my house!” She chirped rather happily, but Laney let out an exaggerated, playful groan.

“Please come here Steven this is torture…” She muttered, which made Tia scoff and Steven snicker. He should have gone with Tia the whole time so he could be there watching terrible chick flicks with her and Laney…

Then again if he didn’t then he wouldn’t have met Lily, and she probably would have gotten hurt or worse if he wasn’t around…

“All right all right I’m on my way okay?”

“Be safe!! See you!”

“Yeah see ya!!”

Steven chuckled as he listened to the girls say their goodbyes and he hung up as soon as he let them know that he would be home soon. He just had to get Lily home first. And then he heard a little giggle that made his cheeks flush a bit.

“You weren’t lying after all… you do have two female friends… that’s really… really cool…” She expressed her thoughts with a sweet little smile that made Steven’s heart and his dick feel funny.

“Haha w-well uh… I guess so… yeah Tia and Laney are great… if you ever see em maybe we can like… hang out or something if you like…” He suggested as her saw her face turning pink. He guessed she must not have much experience hanging out with people based on her demeanor and the fact that she didn’t even want to be at that party.

“I-I would… actually like that… thank you… I think… I’ll see you around since we are… you know both here at this college…” Lily awkwardly accepted even though she stumbled on her words. Another trait Steven found adorable. This girl was just getting cuter and cuter by the minute.

“Yup, we sure do and uh… yeah! That’d be great! Awesome okay… just hop right in and tell me where to go.” Steven opened his car’s door for her once he saw that the place was still thankfully empty but Lily averted her eyes and her saw her cheeks going from pink to red.

“P-Please um… can you turn around…?” She asked in a very timid, embarrassed tone.

“Huh? Uh.. yeah sure.” He didn’t ask why, he merely turned around as he wondered what she needed him to turn around for.

Lily moved quickly as she made sure that nobody was really around, and she slipped off her wet panties because Steven was such a nice guy. She did not want to get his car all dirty with her piss, even though she probably smelt like it. This really was a humiliating night for her…

“O-Okay I’m ready…” She didn’t want him to see her panties and quickly went inside the car, and Steven hummed in acknowledgement before he started the engine and took off from the building.

Lily gave him the address and he made sure to follow all the directions from her GPS. Thank good for technology. He wanted to be helpful but technology was extra helpful and on top of that, this girl will be home in time to clean up and look forward to tomorrow.

She was very different from Tia and Laney. Lily was obviously much shyer and quieter, her fashion implied a sort of soft femininity and the way she spoke to Steven gave him the indication that she was very much an introvert. Although he just met her, Steven felt quite interested in getting to know her better. He hoped to see her again another time…

He couldn’t know if he would, but it sure would be nice…

After 10 minutes he reached their destination, her home in a neighborhood that to his pleasure wasn’t too far from his. At least a couple more minutes away but he didn’t tell her that yet. They did just meet after all he didn’t want to overwhelm her.

“Here you are milady.” He said somewhat playfully and politely as Lily blushed again and smiled bashfully.

“Steven… thank you… really… I can’t thank you enough for tonight.” Her hazel eyes were like perfect pools of dew. Steven felt himself partially infatuated by how charming this girl was.

“You’re welcome Lily… I’ll see you at college.” Not wanting to make a fool of himself any further, he said his goodbye as smoothly as possible as she nodded and smiled before getting out of the car.

She sighed in relief when she saw her house and she pulled out her keys. Steven opted to stick around until he saw her unlock the door. Lily looked over him one last time and saw him wave at her. She couldn’t help but grin and giggle before she waved back at him.

“What a night…” Was the first thing Lily said as she entered her house. Thank goodness her parents weren’t around because she wasn’t in the best shape. In fact, the first thing she was going to do right now was have a bath.

“What a night…” Steven sighed outloud as he realized that he was finally alone in his car, and now that Lily was home safe he could go home with a clear conscience that she would be okay. She was no longer in any potential danger and now he felt a lot better.

Or at least he would feel better if not for the fact that his jeans were still way too tight and the hardness in between his legs was the only thing keeping him uncomfortable.

“What the hell am I supposed to do with this?!”

He wondered with burning cheeks as he narrowed his eyes in the distance as he started to drive in frustration. Steven was still in a good state of mind to at least get home real quick to change his clothes, but now all he could think about was getting home and try to ignore his persistent hard on. All there was left to do now was head home and take care of this issue while the image of Lily shamelessly urinating in front of him was still fresh in his mind.

He was NOT a pervert, his body was simply reacting to an unusual stimuli but he wasn’t a pervert. At least, he hoped not.

What would Tia and Laney think? Not that he would ever tell them but in their eyes he was a gentleman. And he would make sure they keep thinking of him as one as he pulled into his driveway. He inhaled and exhaled so he could get a chance to breathe.

Until he realized that his car smelt kind of funny. He actually recognized the smell…

Urine.

He smelt piss. Could it be because Lily still had the smell on her? He blushed even more just thinking about it as he looked in the backseat and he nearly choked when he saw them…

Her soaked pink panties!

She must have forgotten them here!!

“Her panties! Oh god… ohhhhh my God…” He exclaimed as he knew this would make him look horrible if the girls ever found panties in his car. Steven didn’t want to but he reluctantly reached over and grabbed them, grimacing at how clammy and cold they were. They reeked of piss and yet the most messed up thing was that it did nothing to quell Steven’s hard on.

“AHHHHH! I’m not a pervert!!”

He wasn’t. He wasn’t a pervert! He’ll just… put these panties in the wash, get in his house and jerk off as quickly as he could before he goes to Tia's.

That’s what he’ll do. Because Steven Diaz wasn’t a pervert, he was a gentleman. A perfectly healthy gentleman who will jerk off to take care of an issue sprung on by a strange discovery he couldn’t control. He told himself this as he carefully snuck inside and hoped that next week of college will be a little more normal with midterms coming up.
