Full bladder as learning aid

Author: huberp76

*000*2022-10-14 10:11

Two girls decided to learn together for a difficult exam.

They wanted to do that after school at one girls home. Late afternoon they went by bus to that girl. There was no free seat in the bus so that the they had to stand.

One of the girls was standing with her legs tight crossed.

“Do you need to go to the toilet?“ asked the other girl.

“Oh yes, i would “ was the short answer.

“And why did you not go before leaving the school?“

“Because of you.“ she answered.

„Why because of me, what have i to do with your full bladder?“ she wanted to know.

“I watch you since a long time and i noticed that you NEVER go to the toilet at school and that turns me on so much.

Your bladder must be very full every day when you leave and your urge to wee must be very strong after holding it for so long, but you never use the loo.

I don’t know why, but that is so exciting and arousing for me that you hold it day by day until you are at home and that was the reason for me that i did not go to day, i wanted to be at the same level as you, i wanted to to feel the same urge as you when we arrive at your home. answered the girl.

“ I am doing that since years, because i like that feeling of a full bladder and it turns me on by myself, needing to pee but don’t go and by the way, it turns me on too to know that you have not been all day long and that you are needing to wee, how it seems you would need it pretty bad.“ said the little bit taller and a little bit more curvy girl.

The slim girl was standing with her slender legs tight crossed and was rubbing her knees more and more together.

“Is it that bad?“ asked the curvy with relish.

“Oh yea it is, but it feels good. I usually go least once or twice in the school.

My bladder is now really, really full, it’s getting very urgent, i think i have to use your toilet as soon as we arrive at your home.“she answered.

The „holding girl „did like the situation and she did know very well that she will do all she could do to prevent the thin girl from using her toilet.

There was nobody at home and so they went straight in the girls sleeping room.

The skinny pressed her hands between her slim thighs, crossed her legs and blended over.

“Please show me your bathroom before i wet my panties.“ said the desperate girl and asked „how can you endure that every day? You must be full to burst as well ?!?“

“ You can endure that too, you just have to try it and you will see that gives you a lot of pleasure and maybe it brings for us two a lot of pleasure and joy.“ was the answer and made the slim girl sitting on her bed.

She grabbed with one hand under her short skirt and was sliding on the slim thigh up to the panties. „ Are your panties still dry?“ she asked and pressed the fabric of the panties in the girls slit.

„But they will not stay dry if we you don’t show me your bathroom very soon.I need to wee really bad, i can’t hold it much longer.“answered the skinny.

“Sure you can hold it much longer and no i don’t show you my bathroom and no, you will not pee now!“ said the curvy.

Both girls were very full and both girls were very horny.

They were lying on the bed and stripped each other until they were totally naked.

„You are really pretty full down there.“ said the taller girl and pressed on the thin girls bulging bladder. „Tell me since how long do you need to go? How does it feel? Is it bad? Does it hurt you?“she wanted to know.

“I need to wee since before noon, at noon i usually go to the toilet, but i did not go to day and now i have to pee really, really bad and if you further push on my bladder i‘ll wet your bed.

But your belly is more swollen than my, you must need to pee very bad as well!? How long do you need to go.“asked the skinny.

“Oh yes i need to wee very bad too, i need to go since i waked up in the morning.“ she answered.

“But i mean since when did you need to go again after your morning pee“ she wanted to know.

“I did not have a morning pee, i did not go to the bathroom this morning, i did not wee since yesterday evening, i wanted to be super full for our meeting this afternoon and if i am totally honest, i wanted to make you super full too, i wanted to see you desperate and i wanted to make you hold.

I indent to make you drink and then prevent you from going to the toilet, but now i am so absolutely happy that you did not wee for you own all day, that your bladder is full and that you need to wee so bad.“answered the curvy and pressed hard on the skinny girls thin belly, exactly on her swollen bladder what was bulging visible out between her pregnant hipbones and up to her navel.

The skinny let her do it, she is moaning and trembling from needing to wee so bad and from getting her overfilled bladder so much tortured.

Harder and harder pressed the curvy girl in the abdomen and on the firm bladder of the slim girl until she said „more can i really not endure, if you press more harder i will piss your bed totally wet.“

„ To think that you did not wee since yesterday evening and to feel how hard and how full your bladder is, turns me totally on.“ she completed and push hard on the bladder bulge from the curvy, so hard that she was grabbed for air and started groaning.

“You naughty girl likes to torture me and my poor hurting bladder, that must get punished!“ said the curvy and pushed deep in her belly and said that she has to drink a extra large glass of water for punishment.

“I love it so much to do what we are doing, but if you make me drink, we have to stop it because i will then not be able to hold it any longer, my bladder will not be able to hold more wee inside.“said the skinny.

“ You can hold it, you can hold more than you think, much more.

We are here to learn together and that is it what we are doing, i will teach you how to hold your pee, i will be a good teacher, you know am holding my bladder since yesterday evening, i know what i am talk about.“ answered the curvy and brought her a glass of water.

The skinny was a good pupil and did drink it.

The two girls caressed each other, they kissed and they had their own fingers deep inside of the pussy from the other girl.

Both girls had sex before with boys, but it was for both the first time to have sex with another girl and they were nearly in the heaven of lust.

They forgot for a short time their bursting full bladders, or maybe their unbelievable strong pee urge increased their lust and was a part of their good sex.

Half an hour later the skinny said that she can’t anymore, she can’t endure it any longer and said that she has to go to the toilet before she will piss in the bed.

Her bladder was grown out from her super slim belly and became hard as a stone.

“ Oh no you don’t go to the toilet, you can hold it, you have to hold it, i don’t let you go, because i am holding it too and my bladder hurts since hours and is near to explode, but a girl bladder has to endure that!“ said the curvy and told her that she is dreaming since a long time when they are at gym, when she could see her wonderful skinny body, to see her bladder bulging out from her thin belly and to see those sexy, slender legs tight crossed from needing to wee so bad and now her dream has come true, now they lie together in the bed both frantic to pee.

The curvy pressed her soccer ball size bladder hard against the bladder bulge from the skinny and kissed her.

“It hurts so much, but it feels so good!“ moaned the skinny.

“Next time I’ll teach you to hold your full morning bladder all day long.“ said the curvy and kissed her new girlfriend.

