Peter’s lust for a full girl bladder!

Author: huberp76

*000*2022-04-14 22:20

Since he can remember, it was exciting for Peter when a girl was needing to wee. When a girl was needing to wee pretty bad, but did not go, could not go, or was not allowed to go.

To know that a girl is holding a full bladder and to know that she is needing to wee, was always absolutely exciting for him.

He love to induce situations where he can prove a girls pee habit and where he can test a girls ability to hold it.

He like especially girls with a large bladder and a strong sphincter, who are able to hold a large amount of urine for a very long time.

Good situations to make a girl hold and to test and prove her endurance ability, is to take her to a event or to a festival.

Once Peter took a girl to a city festival, to another city. He did it for purpose, because at this kind of festivals is it always difficult for a girl to find a toilet. Girls have to putt it off sometimes for a very long time.

Especially girls at their first dates are shy to admit their bodily needs, they mostly wait for a natural opportunity, although their bladders are full since hours.

Peter knew that girl quite recently and so all requirements were good, a „new“ girl and no public toilets for her.

At 11 am, they went per bus to this city, the journey did last about one hour.

As they arrived at noon, they had something to eat and something to drink. Not only two hours later, the girl was needing to wee. She did try to hide it, but Peter has a good eye for girls who are needing to pee and therefore he did notice it and he did love it to know that she had to go.

She did not ask for a toilet, she wanted not to be weak, she did know that boys doesn’t like it if girls spend too much time for searching and using a toilet and so she did wait for a good opportunity.

“He did not go all the time, he will need a toilet sooner or later and then i can go also .“ she thought to herself.

Peter really had to go too to that time, but that was out of question for him, he did not want to give the girl a chance to wee.

The girls urge was getting stronger and stronger, she did no more know what to do. How much longer had she to wait until she could finally go?

Should she ask him for a loo? Should she tell him that she is needing to go since so long? Should she tell him that she has not been for so long?

Would he have then more sympathy for her, if he would know that?

Would he try then to find a loo for her? She thought.

She could not know that all this would be like oil in the fire for him.

To know that she did not wee for very long, to know that she is bursting, would make him even more to make her hold it back for longer and to prevent her to go to the loo.

The girl was already desperate for to wee, but she was still able to hide it from others, but not from Peter.

Peter‘s urge was getting already painful, but he would rather burst his bladder than to give the girl a chance for to wee too.

The lust on her full bladder did give him the power to suffer.

She should hold it, or she should piss herself. She should have no other way, he thought for him self.

It was late evening and both of them had not a pee since they met.

”One last drink before we leave.” said Peter. He was willing to torture him self, for to torture the girls bladder.

The girl was so full, but she did not wanted to disappoint him and so she did drink before they went to the bus.

It was not a bus terminal, it was just a bus stop. There were two or three bushes. Peter went behind the bushes and as he came back after 3 minutes he said „ sorry, but i was needing to do that since hours, my bladder was about to explode.”

“I would need to do the same!“ said the girl just at the moment when the bus was arriving.

“Oh i am sorry. Why did you not say it sooner, we could have find a toilet for you.” said Peter.

”Is it bad?” asked the boy worried, in reality it could never be bad enough for him.

” Oh yes it is!!!! I have not been since i did get up early in the morning and i did drink all afternoon with you . I am waiting yearning for a loo since hours. Sorry i usually don’t talk about my my bodily needs, but you asked me. My bladder is full to the bursting point!!! It is full to explode!!” the girl answered.

” Oh, i am really, really sorry for you.” canted Peter.

He was absolutely not sorry, he was horny, extreme horny.

”I am sorry that you have to suffer now, but i admire you for your body and your bladder control, i admire you that you can hold it for so long. You are absolutely great, you are such a strong girl. I love that.” said Peter.

What will Peter do with that girl after arriving one hour later?

*003*2022-04-16 20:36

{{On 4/15/2022 at 1:48 PM, wether said:

He will make her wait even longer and become even more desperate, more desperate than she has ever been in her whole life. Her bladder will stretch over the limits but she will have to hold until he lets her pee. He will let her pee only when she allows him to watch her pee. He will tell her to stop after each few seconds of peeing, and if she fails to stop immediately, she will have to drink a glass of water.

}}

To make her wait longer, much longer, to stretch her bladder, to fill her bladder to the limit, or even over the limit, not let her pee until she gets allowed to go and all other what you wrote about what Peter should do with the girl, is exactly what i would like to do with her.

I’ll try to write different ways what Peter will do with her after arriving.

Thank you for your ideas.

*004*2022-04-17 08:45

{{12 hours ago, Apan said:

Or, she insists on them getting off the bus to find a toilet and as Peter's running out of excuses to delay her, he reluctantly agrees. But there might be other factors along the way beyond their control that might get in the way of her making it out of it dry...

}}

Thank you for your inspections. What would you like more, to see her holding with all her power, or to wet herself?

*007*2022-04-18 08:10

{{23 hours ago, huberp76 said:

Thank you for your inspections. What would you like more, to see her holding with all her power, or to wet herself?

}}

Sorry that should mean inspirations and not inspections. But i think you did know what i meant.

*008*2022-04-18 11:32

{{7 hours ago, wether said:

She should hold as long as she can, despite Peter would not make it easier for her to hold. Then she might pee, but not in a toilet.

}}

Yes, that is it what i like, she should hold as long as she can, or as long as she can’t anymore!

“Peter would not make it easier for her to hold it.” What should he do with her? Should he make it more difficult for her? Make her drink more?

Massage her swollen belly, press and push on her overfilled bladder?

The girl might pee! Where, somewhere, where you can watch her, with her panties down on her knees, where you can see how it is jetting out between her thighs, or in her panties?

*010*2022-04-19 21:09

Part 2

I‘ll try to write some different opportunities and ideas, what Peter could have done with the girl after arriving at the bus terminal.

1

The girl is needing to wee so bad, she would need to go since hours. Her bladder is so full and there is still a lot of urine on the way from the last large drink into her already full bladder.

She try her best to hold it back, but she can’t anymore, she started to leak.

As soon as they arrived she squatted behind the bus and started to piss with high pressure.

Her panties down on her knees and you can watch how it spurted out from her shaved girl slit between her bare thighs.

1 b

She pissed in her panties as soon as she gets out of the bus and you can see her wee running down on her naked legs.

2

The girl is needing to wee since many hours. Her bladder is full and stretched, she did feel it like she had a big, heavy ball inside her slim abdomen.

After some minutes in the bus, she was calming down and she got accustomed that her bladder was very full and she got used on a strong urge to wee.

She felt flattered that Peter was impressed from her ability to hold her wee for so long and that her bladder is so strong.

She did know that some boys don’t like it if girls waste to much time for searching and using toilets on a date and she did know that boys don’t like it if girls are not able to endure some hours without a pee, but she did not know that there are boys who like it if girls hold a full bladder for a long time.

Peter was aroused to know that his girl did not wee for so long and that she would need to go very bad, he did absolutely love it.

He did think about opportunities to make her hold it longer, opportunities to prevent her from going to the loo after arriving.

Her bladder should stretch over the limit, her bladder should get bigger than ever before in her life and her need to piss should get worser than at her whole life before, but how can he avert her from to go to the toilet!!!??

As soon as they arrived at the bus terminal, it was not just a bus stop, it was a terminal with shops and with toilets , Peter started to talk intensive with the girl.

He wanted to deviate her from using the loo, he wanted to guide her out of the terminal as fast as possible and to his surprise, the girl did let him.

Peter noticed that she saw the information sign for the toilets, he did know that she had to pee so bad, but for some reason she did not go.

He asked him self why she didn’t, but was absolutely happy about it.

The girl remembered that Peter said that he loves it that she is such a strong girl and that she has such a good bladder control and that he said that he admires her for to be able to hold her wee for so long.

She did like Peter very much and she wanted to impress him this way and that was the reason why she did not go to the loo, she wanted to enjoy him.

She did not know before, that a full girl bladder can boys make happy and enjoy them and she did not know that she can endure not to wee for so long and she did not know that her bladder can stand to hold so much urine for so long.

It was torture for her bladder, but she wanted to hold it for Peter, she wanted to suffer for him.

Peter did try to bring the girl, as fast as possible, to a place where she could not pee, he was eddicted to make her hold and wait much longer.

He went to a park with her, he did take her to a dark corner to kiss her. He pressed his body, especially his abdomen hard against her swollen belly.

“Please don’t push my bladder! I am needing to wee so bad, it will come out from my eyes if you press so hard.“said the girl.

“Why did you not go at the bus station?“ Peter asked.

“Because you told me that you like it and so I’ll hold it back for you.“ the girl answered.

“You are so great girl!!! I really, really love that.“ Peter said and went with her to a bank, where no peoples were and where nobody could see them.

He was sitting down, the girl was standing in front of him.

He reached under her short skirt and pulled her panties down under her knees.

Her little panties were already a little bit wet from her horniness and from a few drops of wee.

Peter pulled his shorts down as well. The girl was sitting on his lap, with his big, hard dick deep inside her.

His penis pushed so hard on her bursting full bladder, that she nearly got crazy from lust and from needing to wee.

After they were „ready „ he did let her wee beside the bank.

She pissed a large, steamy lake of hot girl wee!!!

3

The girl was standing with crossed legs waiting until the bus door opened as they arrived at the terminal.

She wanted to go straight to the toilets, but Peter did not let her.

“You are a big girl and old enough to hold it like big girls should do that!“ said Peter, did take her on her hand and walked away from the station.

“I have to pee, i am waiting for so long, i can’t wait anylonger.“said the girl begging.

“Sure you can!!! Your girls always think that you have to go, you don’t have to go, you just want to go. You girls don’t even know how long you can hold it and how much you can endure, if you have to. No wee for you, absolutely no, you have to hold it, you have got a bladder, use it!!“ answered Peter.

“I can’t wait any more, i can’t hold it back any longer. Please let me go to pee.“ she was begging.

“Okay, I’ll let you go. We go to the park, you squat behind the bushes and you let me watch. he offered her.

“No, absolutely no. A decent girl don’t let a boy watch her peeing.“ the girl said.

“Okay, you had three opportunities, now you have just 2.

Either you hold it, or you piss your panties!“ Peter answered.

Peter did not let her go. One hour later of bladder torture for the girl, she told him that she would let him watch, if she only could pee finally.

“Sorry, but you have lost your chance to piss, now we are far away from the park where you could have done it, now you have to hold it, or you piss your panties, like little girls do that?“ said Peter with a smile on his face.

What will the girl do? How much bladder torture can she endure before she piss herself?

Will she be able to keep her panties dry until she gets home?

How much longer she will let her torture her and her poor bladder?

Witch of this opportunities would you like, what experience would you like to have with a girl?

Do you have more different ideas?

*013*2022-04-22 22:14

{{On 4/21/2022 at 11:44 PM, frogger4y said:

Def. nr 3

}}

The girl is needing to piss so absolutely bad since for so long!

No girl can hold it forever! What do you think should Peter do with her?

Should he make her wait longer? Will she be able to hold it longer? Is there a way for Peter to help her, or to force her to hold it back?

Will Peter punish her for wetting her panties?

What could the girl do for Peter, that he would let her piss?

*015*2022-04-23 15:26

{{6 hours ago, holdit247 said:

Obviously full bladder sex is the only way to persuade Peter to let her empty her bladder! Or maybe offering to measure, and promising to beat it next time... then she'd have to practice before seeing him again

}}

Absolutely great the idea that Peter let her pee not before she let him fu…. her.

Absolutely terrific the imagination that Peter just allow her pee if she piss in a measuring jug and that the girl have to promise him to beat her performance and her ability to hold it next time.

Longer time, more amount of urine in her bladder. She has to train until next time!!!

*016*2022-04-24 10:15

{{On 4/22/2022 at 8:06 AM, Crazi Mathx said:

How about she finds a store and becomes happy. Peter know this store as he is here before this store got no washrooms. She is shocked and now hopeless then finds a pack of adult diapers there and asks peter for his opinion..

}}

Oh yea, that would be exciting, the girl finds a store. She is absolutely happy because she think that she could finally take a much needed wee after holding it for so long, but Peter know that store, he knows that there are no toilets.

He is happy about this situation he order something to drink, although, or especially he know it very well that the girl can’t wee anywhere.

She is needing to pee so really, really bad, her bladder is overfilled and stretched, but she has to leave the store with no chance to go and Peter will not give her a chance for much longer!!!

The girls bladder is so full, she has to pee so urgently, but she has to drink more, but still can’t wee!!!!

A hot and arousing imagination!!

*018*2022-04-26 20:56

{{10 hours ago, frogger4y said:

She has to hold till she gets home, no matter how painful it is for her.

And she have to have sex with a bursting bladder before Peter let her pee, but then she is only allowed to pee in her pants not to use a toilet, and she have to hold atleast until the next moring before he will let her use a toilet, so she try to hold on?

}}

That sounds so bad and cruel “ she has to hold till she gets home, no matter how painful it is for her “ but and on the other hand it is so terrific, hot and absolutely arousing.

The way you write “ she have to have “ is great too.

She has to let her fu… with her bladder full to burst before Peter will allow her to pee, but she will be not allowed to go to the bathroom.

She has two opportunities, either she piss her panties, or she hold it at least until next morning.

But can a girl sleep with a bladder big and hard as a melon in her belly?

Peter love it to make a girl hold it until she gets nearly crazy from needing to wee so bad, but this time it is different, he don’t make her hold, he let her wee, but only in her panties and she has to wear the wet panties until they are dry.

Some girls would do that, but not that girl, this girl did not piss herself once in her life, not even as school girl.

It is easy for Peter to make such an offer, because he did know that she would not pee her panties on purpose, he did know that she would hold it with all the power that a girl has to hold it and that was it what Peter wanted.

But how much painful pee urge can a girl endure, how much can a girls bladder bear and what will be in the morning?

*020*2022-04-27 09:53

{{9 hours ago, frogger4y said:

But can a girl sleep with a bladder big and hard as a melon in her belly?

She probably won't get a lot of sleep but she will hold and keep dry.

But how much painful pee urge can a girl endure, how much can a girls bladder bear and what will be in the morning?

In the mornig Peter keeps her in bed for as long as he can, and maybe just as he is about to let her use the toilet, the fire alarm goes off and they hae to rush out and she has to keep holding?

}}

I like your austerity, you don’t even ask if she can hold it until morning, she simply has to!!!! Her panties have to stay dry!

It is like she would have a back pressure valve between her thighs, in her girl slit, witch she can close and open at her will and witch she can keep closed as long as it will necessary, one more night, one more day!!??

Peter think like you, she is a girl and girls should be trained to wait for so long until they get a for girls befitting opportunity to pee and until they get allowed to go.

Girls have to be able, MUST be able to hold it as long as they get the permission to piss, no matter how long it would last, how bad it is and how painful it will get.

Even if they hold it back since a very long time, they must be able to hold it much longer. They have to keep their panties dry, no matter what, they are girls and girls have to bear that!

Peter promised the girl that she would be allowed to use the bathroom at next morning, but he did not say early in the morning.

He keeps her in the bed for hours after they waked up. She was begging to let her finally piss. She told him that it would be inhuman to make her hold it for so long and torture her so much. She told him that it is no more bearable for her and that it is to painful for her to endure it any longer, but Peter did still not let her go.

After he was willing to release her from her torture, it was a fire alarm and they had to go outside, no time to piss for the girl before.

What is a girl doing if she is needing to piss so utterly? Cross her legs, press a finger on her peehole?

She could do that in their room but not outside, what will she do?

Can she hide her desperation? Can she keep her panties dry? How long? Would she get punished from Peter if she would piss herself in front of all the people?

The biggest and strongest girl bladder has a limit!

What do you think will she do, what will happen?

*022*2022-04-29 10:52

{{17 hours ago, frogger4y said:

She will have to hold and probably for a long time, in the chaos and fire no one cares about a girls need to use the toilet, and if they she her shake and show her desperation the will just think its because she is in shock and afraid.

And since she is inly wearing panties and bra or t-shirt they get some hand out clothes, and like the devil Peter is he give rge wrong size for the girl so she gets too small clothes, and like the polite girl she squeezes into the clothes putting enormous preassure on her full bladder rather than complain? And Peter loves every second of seeing her like this.

}}

So great “she will HAVE to hold, probably for a long time . No one cares about a girls need to wee.”

No one but Peter, he cares about her need and about her utterly urge to wee. He can not get enough from it, he loves every second that she has to wait longer and to see her desperate.

Peter’s situation was perfect, he would have let her go to the toilet, like he promised to her, but of cause the circumstances she can still not go. He did no more bear the blame that she has to suffer so bad, but he did love it!

The girl should be forced to stretch her bladder to the size of a melon, it should bulging out of her usually slim and flat abdomen, because there is not enough room inside her belly, that is it what Peter wanted.

The girl is needing to piss so bad, she did hold it back for so long, she is needing to go since so many hours, her urge is so painful, how much longer can she endure that, how long can her bladder bear to get stretched further and get tortured so much?

Many girls don’t even know what it means need to wee really bad, because they were never forced to hold it so long until it gets painful and many are to weak to hold it that long, because they and their sphincter are not trained to hold it, they would piss themselves long before it is getting really, really urgently and painful, but Peter’s girl was a strong one.

She was strong and trained, but she never needed to pee so utterly bad in all her life before, then now.

She though that she was needing to wee all afternoon yesterday, she thought that she had to go pretty bad before she went in the bus and she did not think that she could go to sleep with her bladder so full.

She could not even imagine that she would be able to hold her wee back for so long, she could not imagine that she would be able to endure so much pee urge and so much bladder pain.

That was not the end for a long time of her torture.

On instructions of the fire brigade, all people had to go out of their rooms, for their security they were guided to a large yard where they had to wait until they could get out to the street.

They were trapped there and did not know for how long.

The girl was in a desperate situation, she did no more know what to do.

Her urge was inhuman and unbearable, the waistband of her tiny panties were pressing hard against her swollen belly, especially on her bulging bladder and increased her need to piss even more, but she had no chance to pee anywhere!!! How long? She did not piss since 26 hours to that time!! How much longer can she endure that?

She was standing with her legs tight crossed, sometimes she was squatting with one hand between her thighs, she was no more able to hide her utterly need, but she had to wait and she had to hold her urine back in her bursting full bladder.

”Is it that bad?” asked Peter and smiled from pleasure.

What will happen with that poor girl?? How long will they be trapped in that yard?

Will she piss herself in front of all that people?

Will her bladder explode, or will she be able to hold it longer?

What will Peter do with her? Will he help her to find a place to piss, or will he make her hold it longer, much longer, because he always said that girl have to be able to hold it until they are allowed to pee, or until they get a chance to do it!

