Photo shooting: No opportunity to pee for the model!

Author: huberp76

*000*2020-03-30 23:07

Lastomo, posted sometimes ago a link to a video “ Japanese Girl desperate during Photoshoot” her on Omorashi org.

It was a video where the photographer did not give the model time for a much needed wee.

This was inspiration for me to write a little story.

No opportunity to wee for a model.

A student girl who was working as model.

She was a pretty, tall and slim girl, like models should be.

Two young men from a model agency, hired the girl for a photo shooting, for one day.

The shooting should last from sunrise until sunset, at different locations.

The agreement was Fotos in underwear and in bikini, but not totally naked.

In actual fact, the two men wanted not just photos from this girl , they wanted to make a video clip “a girl desperate to pee”too, but the girl did not know that and they did not tell it to her.

They did go by bus, from desperation to desperation.

They did not give her a opportunity to go to the loo.

They just had to wait until her bladder was full.

Both of them were curious how long that would last and both of them were curious how the girl would admit that she is needing to wee.

Models are used to hold occasionally a full bladder and they are usually trained to hold it, because there is sometimes nowhere to go for a girl, especially at outdoor shootings.

It was late afternoon, as the girl asked how long the session would last.

The fellows did know it very well why the girl was asking.

She had to eat and to drink all over the day, but no chance to wee. There was no loo in the bus.

The girls bladder must have been full, really full, after all that time.

The guys told her, that they wanted to use the good weather , to make a last shooting at the country. It would be just 1 hour to go, from here.

The girl was needing to wee so bad, but she had to hold it.

They arrived one hour later on a large meadow.

No trees no pushes, just a fence and a bench and no peoples all around.

As soon as they did get out of the bus, both boys turned around and tucked a long piss.

After the boys was ready, the girl said “that’s what I would need to do for so long .”

One of the men wanted to tease her and asked “ what do you need?”

”I need to wee since before noon.” answered the model.

Then the second guy teased her and said “I thought models don’t need to wee.”

So arousing for the men, they pissed and the young girl had to hold her full bladder.

She could not squat in front of the men, no wee for her.

She did wear a super tiny, white bikini and had her slender legs tight crossed.

”We have to hurry, i can’t endure that for much longer .” said the girl and was bending over.

One of the men mad her stand up straight and told her how to pose.

Her belly was swollen and her bladder visible bulging over the waist of her little bikini panty.

”You are really, pretty full down there.” he said and pressed hard in her belly.

The girl crossed her legs again and said that they had to stop for to day and that they should bring her back as soon as any possible so that she could finally wee, after holding it for so long.

One man told her, that they first wanted to use the good weather for a shooting at sunset, but now it has changed, they want to use her desperation for a “real “desperation video .

First she did not want to do it, but then they made a really good offer and then she agreed.

The boys offered her too, that she could go behind the bus if she is at her absolutely limit.

First one large glass mineral.

After one hour, legs crossing, knee rubbing, bending over squeezing her thighs, hand pressing on her slit, had all the water stretched her bladder to a big ball of urine.

Her first so flat belly was swollen and our model was frantic for a wee.

One of the boys pressed, first soft, than harder and harder on her bladder, until she started to leak.

Her white panty turned, dark yellow over the girls slit and the wee was running down on her nude legs.

The girl was over her limit, she could not stop leaking, suddenly she pissed full force and could not stop it .

She was squatting down,without stopping peeing. The yellow wee was coming out between her thighs, she pissed her bladder empty, through her panty.

It was a lake of hot urine between her feet. Her poor bladder must have been bursting from such a amount.

No shower for her, she could just wipe her legs and her pussy dry with some paper.

She had changed her panties and then they went back home.

In the bus it was smelling from the girls wee and from her pissed, nude model legs.

After the half time, on way home, she had both hands between her thighs.

To much water.

I would love to see this video !

*001*2020-03-31 07:33

Sorry for the mistake!

It doesn’t mean, they went by bus “from desperation to desperation “ it means “from destination to destination”.

*003*2020-04-04 22:29

{{On 4/2/2020 at 9:04 AM, HoldingPrinces said:

I also watched that video and I already thought that you would write a story about it, and you have done it perfectly

}}

Great that you thought that i write a story about that video.

It seems that you know me really good.

I think it is a good subject, a all day, outdoor shooting and no chance to wee all day long, for the model.

I am glad that you like my story, thank you.

I think the video is good too, no time to pee for the girl and instead to let her wee, he pressed on her bladder.

