The dreaming

Author: Hornett

*000*2022-12-23 22:13

Hi people, since I´m new here and I want to add to this comunity, I figured out I could write about Holding/peeing related dreams I have.. my ming can be quite creative. Please keep in mind that I´m actually spanish speaker so some gramar error may happen in my stories.

Also it´s important to note that, since I´m atractet to women, stories will mostly involve only female desperation and stuff like that.

Now... as I sayd I´m spanish speaker, so, if spanish speakers in this comunity would like me to write stories in spanish I could do it. I´ve won some literature prices in contests and stuff in my mother language (spanish), so it could turn out to be interesting

Note: For pricacy reasons, the real names of people involved will be replaced with other names, so no ones identity is compromised.

*001*2022-12-23 23:16

College Resort

***Every character involved is at least 18 years old, NO minors involved. Expressions like *girl or boy*, refer to young characters who are probably just 18 years old.***

In a college institution that is somehow more similar to a vocational resort, I´m running, escaping from the director. Seems that I did something quite bad, cause not only the director, but some teachers and the coordinator are looking for me. As I run, I observe the surroundings. The main building is an enormous construction that combines modern brick architecture with the finest ancient Greek temple style. The giant wooden entrance is hidden behind white marble columns at least 15 meters high that end up in a triangular decoration for the rooftop of the same material. Secondary buildings are smaller variations of the same style.

As I escape, I run into a group of three of my friends. Sophie, very thin blonde girl* with green eyes and princess like face. She is wearing a black skirt, with yellow, blue, and black leather jacket that looks like the type of dressing used in designer clothes exhibitions, and a white blouse of extremely thin fabric, that almost shows what´s under it. On her right, there is Clarisse, a girl with a slightly dark skin, black hair, and brown eyes. She is wearing jeans and a T-shirt of some TV series I don´t recognize. On the other side of Sophie, there is a boy, Andreas, he´s also wearing a skirt like Sophia’s, but he has a more punk style, with black leather jacket, black tights and high heel boots.

Sophie is moving noticeably, moving her legs from side to side, taping the grass hill where they are standing as the grabs her crotch with evident desperation. As she sees me running, she abandons her group fast to join my race.

- Are you searching a Bathroom too? -

I think first about denying it, bit I notice that I do actually need to pee, the distraction of escaping must have made me to ignore it.

- Yeah, actually yes-

After saying that we both keep running, now faster since Sophie seems to be in a very desperate situation. We run up the hill again and get into a forest like park, similar to Central Park in New York. Here, we go to some bathrooms that are close to a fountain. Yep, central park indeed. I go into the men’s room and pee normally, I wasn´t in a big hurry for it to be especially pleasant. As I get out of the bathroom, I notice Sophie waiting for me, still squirming, and moving, almost crying from the need to pee.

- The ladies’ room is closed! – She says with tears in her eyes as she points to a grid type door closed with an exaggeratedly large chain.

- Hmmm, well, we should be finding somewhere for you to pee then, cause how far I know, the water system in the institution is unavailable for mantainment- I say while I make a gesture suggesting we run.

As we run back, I notice her stopping from time to time to hold hand on her crotch. We keep running until we get back to that hill, this time, we run down the hill do go to some sort of port. In that port, there is a yacht, apparently it is the College´s property. As there is no other option, we decide to get in to see if there is any bathroom in there for Sophie to finally pee.

As soon as we get inside, we notice it is strangely empty, we go up some stairs, we search every corner, but nothing, not even a bucket for her to pee in or something. The yacht must be in mantainment too.

Sophie, already crying from the desperation, grabs my hand and takes me outside to the terrace of the yacht that hits the water´s surface.

- I need you to cover me, I´ll make it here. - she says as she unbuttons her leather skirt.

- Here, take this and cover me! –

- alright…-

Now I can see her pink panties, which are everything but dry, they are actually dripping wet from pee already. She kneels holding to a stick and my hands so that her butt almost touches the water and takes her panties down. Not even a fraction of a second after the took down her panties, she starts peeing with an increidible force that hits the water and splashes a little on me.

- Aaaaaaaaaaaah fina... AAAAAAAH!!!-

Her relief is interrupted. She slipped. She almost flied as she slipped, her vagina and but almost touched my face, and some pee even got into my face. I don’t know how, but she managed to stop her high pressurized stream when she slipped. While she is in the ground with open legs, I get a chance to see her vagina and her bladder bulging from her abdominal region. It is no supernatural bladder, but still, it is enormous compared to her super skinny body. So, she was VERY desperate it seems, or she is still.

- Doesn't matter!- She says while she takes my extended hand there to help her get up. -I´ll try again, I truly can´t hold it anymore!- While she says so, she grabs her vagina, stopping hardly a mini-stream of the same high pressure that lands on my feet.

- Sorry… I cant hold it, I really can´t- She says while fighting with her bladder with both of her hands and her squeezed thights.

- Help me again please, FAST! -

We rapidly get into position for her to pee again. Now, she actually gets into a stable position.

- Whenever you´re ready- I say -

PSSSSHHH!

- Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah, now finally-

Her stream hits the water with great force, yer golden pee dissolving rapidly in form of a smoke like cloud in the ocean water.

- Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah, oh my god this feels awesome-

She continues moaning and almost falling into the water from the relief.

- Be careful! Don’t´relax that much or you will…-

SPLASH!

She fell completely into the water, but I did catch her so her breasts are not soakes completely, only her belly fell.

- Aaaaaah it doesn’t matter- She says as her pee cloud continues expanding from bellow her.

- Aare you still…?-

- Yeeeeah, hell yeah I am-

- Oooh it just feels great-

She continues peeing for quite a while, enough time for me… to wake up.

