Pay with your bladder ! - Page 2

Author: huberp76

*021*2019-09-28 11:44

{{On 9/25/2019 at 6:17 PM, peeople said:

Same in china girls ask toilet in public is very shame .She will be looked down

}}

Did you have any experiences where you did know that a girl was needing to wee really bad but did not go for hours, because it would have been a shame for her to ask for a loo?

Experiences where girls did not wee for a extreme long time, because they had no chance to go ?

*022*2019-09-28 12:02

{{22 hours ago, anthoney said:

Things have been changed in China nowadays. There are some girls who will openly say they need to pee and go to the bathroom. But there are still a lot who are too shy to ask. When they are with boys, they can hold all day long even there have some very good opportunities to go to bathroom.

I know one such girl. Once we had a outing to a mountain in rural area. The bathroom is rare. When we found a bathroom, most of the boys and girls in the group visited it. But she refused to use it just wait us outside.

}}

Did you have some experiences where girls did not wee although they was needing to go really, really bad?

Was it arousing for you that this girl on the mountain did not use the loo although her bladder must have been full after holding it for so long?

Her urge to wee must have been strong, but she did not go, did you like that?

I would!

*023*2019-09-28 13:59

{{On 9/25/2019 at 1:32 PM, HoldingPrinces said:

Usually I can hide my desperation for the first 6 - 9 hours of holding, and act normally. (But I cross legs) But I can't stay still when I reach 12th or 15th hour. There I have to fidget and squirm. But even if I try to stay still, my bladder bulge at the lower abdomen would tell otherwise, since 9+ hours bladder would definitely bulge out of my flat belly. (thanks to being a dancer, my belly is flat and have a good shape) And also I usually wear very tight clothes and bladder bulge is definitely visible through them.

Most of our girls can't stay still. They start fidgeting since early hours of desperation. Almost all girls in my class of our school are fidgeting and dancing by the end of school, out of which some teachers are making fun.

Thanks for appreciating my poor bladder as well. But to mention, I was having a good liquid intake too. We drank a huge lot of water and soft drinks during the trip.. But, to be honest, that day I was not sure about my hard trained bladder and I was very much scared that I might wet myself before coming back home.

I don't think that the boys paid any attention to that. Sadly the pee holding fetish is very much rare in my country and it's very difficult to find a boy who's into it. Even the girls who enjoy a full bladder are rare. I know only very few. During that trip, I think the boys didn't allow us pee, not because they are aroused by it, but because of their neglegence, selfishness or laziness to find a proper female toilet. And also they were not disturbed because we didn't complain at least once and we silently suffered. Telling about the need to pee, to a boy is a very embarrassing act for a girl here..

}}

You really can be proud of your bladder to hold so much wee for so long, but i think your sphincter must be strong and good too, to be able to do that.

Really great that you go at the evening to dancing and cheerleader events with your bladder full from the day.

Your bladder gets so big that there is not enough room in your flat belly, your belly gets swollen, your bladder is bulging out, but you are still holding it.

I would love to see that !!!!

Your overfilled bladder bulging out between your pregnant hip bones. Your usual flat belly swollen from your unnatural big bladder, maybe after a 24 hours hold?!

You write that there are plenty experiences from your and your friends, I think we all would like to read it!!!!!

For me especially experiences like your bus ride, where you was needing to wee so bad, but you had to hold it for so long.

I can understand that you don’t have much time to write, maybe you have time for short stories, we would be glad about it.

*026*2019-10-02 07:03

{{On ‎9‎/‎29‎/‎2019 at 5:24 AM, anthoney said:

We have two types of girls. One will ask for bathroom every several hours and sometimes will show their desperation openly. For the other type, they can hold their pee all day long when they are with boys. They are usually very good at holding without show any sign of desperation.

I like the second type. When I’m outing with one. If she does not pee, I will also hold my pee. I knew she should as much urgent as me. Sometimes, even such kind of girls did ask for or go to bathroom, which arouses me much. Because it means she really can not hold it anymore.

For the mountain trip I mentioned, that girl did not pee since early in the morning. When we were back to the city, we decided to eat dinner together and went in a restaurant. When we entered, she directly went into the bathroom as soon as possible without any word. She mush have been desperate on the bus, but I did not see any sign.

Another time with the same girl, we were together since 7:00am to 4:00pm. Both of us did not pee or mention it during the whole time. She finally gave me a ride to my hotel (she was living in that city). After the arrival, she said she can wait me outside the hotel for a while so I can refresh myself. I guess she also knew I need release based on the situation of herself? Not sure...

}}

I like the second type of girls too!

I like it if a girl is good in holding, if she can endure all day without a wee.

I like it if a girl is needing to pee but don't go, if she is waiting and holding in hope to get a opportunity, like your "mountain girl" in the restaurant after holding it all day.

Then when the girl is needing to wee really, really bad, when she reach her limit, she has to admit that she would need to wee, that she would need a loo.

To be at a place where are no loos, to tell her that she sure would be able to wait for a while and then to make her hold and wait, is total arousing for me.

I always did like it to bring girls in such situations.

Your girl from the mountain trip did not wee all day not since early in the morning.

You think that she must have been desperat in the bus on the way back home, but she did not show any sign although her bladder must have been overfilled and stretched to the size of bowling ball.

Back in the city you went to a restaurant for a dinner, her first way was the loo, without any word.

What would she have done if you did not go to a restaurant with her, if you went in the city to a kiosk for something to eat and to DRINK?

No loos around!!! No chance for her to take a much needed wee.

Would she have been able to hold it for some hours more?

Could her tortured bladder endure more?

Would she had to cross her legs, would her body force her to show her desperation?

What do you think, what would she had done?

Do you have more experiences with girls full to burst?

*027*2019-10-02 07:37

{{12 hours ago, peeople said:

In 8-10 hours bus trip,man always have 1-2 chance empty their bladder bu road behide a rock in forest

Seldom lady will do like these.lady shuold hold it untill they can find a bathroom

}}

For boys who likes girls desperat to pee must such a long bus trip total arousing.

The boys piss, the girls would need to wee too, but there is no loo, they have to hold it.

At the end of the trip, the girls hold all that what the boys pissed at 2 or 3 times in their bladders, that must be sometimes torture for the girls, but how you write "girls should hold it until they find a loo".

Do you have some experiences like that?

*028*2019-10-07 19:08

Pay with your bladder!

At the beginning of this topic i told you about a girl with a strong bladder who could hold her pee for a really long time.

It was not a rarity that she did not wee the entire day at a date. I did like that, it was arousing for me to think about how full, how big and how stretched her bladder must have been at the evening, after holding it for so long.

Once she asked me if i could bring her to her home down for a new passport. She wanted to pay me for this journey. She was from east Europe and did not have much money and i did not want take money from her, so i told her that it would be better to go by bus.

She was a little bit disappointed and asked me again some days later.

Mira, so was her name, was not really my girlfriend, she was more a girl for my body. We fucked whenever it was possibile and she was good in that too.

I had the idea that this two days with her could be absolut arousing for me, so i agreed to bring her home.

I told her that i would not take money from her, not even one cent, but that she has to pay with her bladder.

Sure that she could not understand what i mean, so i did explain her that she had to hold her pee for me.

I told her that she would not be allowed to wee all day long and a day has 24 hours.

I said to her " you take a pee before we leave early at the morning and then you hold it for me, no wee for you all day, no wee for you at the evening, no wee for you before we go to sleep. Let your bladder get big as a soccer ball, do it for me, i love that."

" Nobody can do that" she answered .

"Sure, you can, i know you are good in pee holding! try it!" i said.

Then she told me about her girlfriend , she was working at her summer holydays on the field. One day the boys did occupy the loo so that she could not take her morning pee before they went to the field.

This girl could endure to hold her bursting bladder until evening.

Mira said " if she could endure that, maybe i can endure to hold my wee from the day until the morning"

"Okay, i'll do it, i pay with my bladder" she said.

(continued)

*031*2019-11-08 13:55

{{14 hours ago, holdit247 said:

What an arousing scenario

}}

I am glad that you like my story and I am glad that it is arousing for you.

I love this imagination too!

Some peoples have to work hard for money.

Mira has to do nothing to pay for this long journey, not even to pee.

Not to pee sounds easy, but i think I make it very expensive for her bladder.

Not to wee, to hold it for 24 hours or a little longer will be a good price that her poor bladder will have to pay.

I think Mira’s bladder must get really big, it must stretch to it,s limit or a little bit over the limit, to hold all that urine.

Mira has not to work, she has nothing to do, she has just hold it for me that is her payment, she pay with her bladder!

*041*2020-12-15 00:54

Pay with your bladder!

The day before i went with Mira to her down to get a new passport for her, she did stay overnight at my house.

We wanted to start early in the morning and we did not want to loose time to pick her up from her home.

We did get up in the morning and had a little breakfast. We were both nearly naked.

Mira did wear just a little white panty and i just speedos.

Mira had no regularly pee times.

Peeing was not the first she did after she did get up in the morning and not the last before she went to sleep.

Mira had her breakfast with her bladder full from the night.

It was really pity, that i could not use this for full bladder sex after breakfast, but it was time to go.

“Go and take a wee, it will be the last pee until tomorrow!“ i said „ press out your bladder until the last drop!“

“Don‘t tell me that, i am afraid that i can’t endure that for so long.“ she replied.

“What happens if i can’t hold it anymore?“she wanted to know.

“Don’t even think about that, you have to hold it, no matter what! It is our deal.“I said.

I was total aroused from our talk and from the imagination that she would hold her urine in her bladder until tomorrow.

I went with her to the loo and she did let me watch her how she pissed with a strong jet, really long.

“You have been pretty full!?“i said with admiration.

“Yes, i have been really full, i did not go before sleeping yesterday.“ she said.

Now it was much more pity that i did not use this situation, so much hot girl wee, useless pissed in a loo!

The only place where a girls wee should be, is in her bladder!

Mira was sitting beside me, it was summer, she had only two pieces of clothes on her super slim body, a thin, short summer dress and a little white panty, her feet were bare.

I pushed her dress up very high, so that i could see her wonderful, slim thighs, up to her panties.

I squeezed her thighs, i did caress her thighs, i was sliding with my right hand, from her knee up to panties, I „played „ with her panties, i pressed the fabric of her panties in her slit, i slipped her panties to the side and pushed my finger deep inside the girl.

This way and to think about what will happen the next 20 hours, made the time go very fast.

After we passed the first border, we stopped for a fast lunch.

We were ready at about 2 pm.

I did give Mira the key from my car and told her that she should wait in the car, while i go to the toilet.

Back in the car I asked her if she would need to go too and she answered „ i think that you was needing to go, before you went 5 minutes ago and i am feeling now the same urge as you did feel before.“

„All that what you pissed out some minutes ago, i am holding in my bladder, but that is it what you want, you like it that i need to go and that i am holding my full bladder!?“ she said.

“Yes i like that, i am loving it! I can’t get enough from it!“ i said , pushed her dress up, laid my hand on her nude belly and pressed on her bladder, until she moaned.

She crossed her slim, naked legs and did let me do it.

All the journey i had my right hand on the body of the girl, sometimes one or two fingers inside her.

It was not really much traffic and we did not have to wait long at the second border, so we did arrive early at about 7.30 pm in our hotel.

Before we went for a dinner, she stopped at the door, crossed her beautiful legs and said „I need to wee!“

“Yes, i know it and i love it!!“ i said and i told her that i can understand that she is needing it, because i would need to go a second time.

We had a dinner at the hotel.

I did not make her drink to much, because i wanted to make her hold until next day morning and i think nobody can hold it 24 hours and drink extra amount of liquids.

Miras bladder should have stayed full overnight!!

At about 10 pm we were back in our room.

We stripped our clothes till our undies and went together in the bathroom.

I went with her, because i did not wanted to animate her to cheating.

Mira was so near where she could piss her strong urge away, but she was not allowed to let it out.

“Please let me wee, i am needing it sooo bad !

“ Look at my belly, how big my bladder became, how it is bulging out of my abdomen.“ she said and did caress her bladder with her hand.

„I have been holding it for so long, let me wee, just one time and then i will hold it until we get home tomorrow evening.“ she was begging.

“Oh no, hold it back, you are doing it so good and i love it so much “ I said and i told her that i would need to go too really bad and that i would hold it with her for solidarity.

I did take my hand around her waist and was leading her to our bed.

I slipped her panties down, so that we were both totally naked.

She was lying on her left side and had her knees bending up to her chest.

I think she did it to give her bladder more room, to prevent that the stretched skin over her belly make extra pressure on her bladder from outside.

I was lying in the same way behind her, my cock was between her thighs and i pressed my abdomen hard against her firm ass, so hard that my urge to piss was getting really strong and that it was torture for my bladder.

I did love that and i did love to know that Miras urge must have been much stronger,

My right hand was on her belly and i could feel the roundness of her bladder.

I could not resist to press on it!

“That is not fair what you are doing, i absolutely can’t hold it if you push my bladder!“ she said.

I was so horny, i had to be carful not to cum, because i would have had mercy with her and would have let her wee after cumin.

I did stop all my activities, because i wanted that Mira would hold it until next morning.

A half hour later Mira whispered „I can’t sleep!“

“Why?“ I wanted to know.

“I can’t sleep, because i need to wee so bad!“ she answered.

“Try to sleep, if you are sleeping, you don’t feel the urge to wee.“ i said.

She could not sleep because she was needing to wee so bad and i could not sleep, because i did know that she was needing to wee so bad and that she did not go for so long.

She murmured something, but we did sleep some minutes later.

A little bit before 6 am, she wanted to get out of the bed.

I did stop her and asked „Where are you going?“

“There where i am needing to go since yesterday noon.“ she replied.

“Oh no, you will not go!“ i said „ your bladder has to pay two more hours!“

„You can’t get enough to torture me and my bladder!!?“ she said.

„Yes, i absolutely can’t get enough! I make you a offer, to pay alt extras with your bladder.“ i said.

I told her that she could pay the dinner, the hotel and all the extras, with her bladder, she just have to drink a large glass water and hold it until 8 am.

Her belly was swollen, the contours of her bladder was visible to see, she did need to wee like crazy, but she agreed.

One hour after the drink, her bladder was bulging up to her navel.

I was lying on her and pressed my full bladder against her bladder.

Unbelievable what this girl could endure .

I fucked her so hard, that she moaned from being horny and needing to wee so bad.

I could feel how she squeezed my cock, from tensing her muscles with all her power to keep her wee inside her.

After we were „ready „ i did lay one or two minutes exhaust on her, before she did get out of the bed.

She was standing beside the bed and i could see some drops of wee running down on her bare, slim legs.

She pressed her hand between her thighs, did hold on finger on her peephole and crossed her legs very tight.

She squatted down, with still one finger pressed on her peephole and waited before she could get up, to go to the bathroom.

Unbelievable how this girl was needing to wee, she walked with rubbing knees and her thighs pressed together.

She was sitting on the loo and nothing was coming out, it did take over a minute until started to piss full force.

I think that her sphincter was cramped from holding it for so long.

Mira told me that she never needed to wee so bad in her whole life and that she thought, that i would burst her bladder as i pressed her belly during i fucked her.

It was so painful, but so hot and so great, at the same time, she said.

After we have been at the office for her new passport, she told me that it would last about 3 weeks and that she has to come back to pick it up.

She asked me if i would go with her, she would pay the same way.

I told her that i would do it, but not the same way, a similar way.

She can wee at 8 pm the evening before, no morning pee and she would have to hold it until after dinner.

She will be not allowed to wee for 26 hours, but this will be another story.

*042*2020-12-25 23:43

The way home.

We went home, after we had been at the office for Miras passport.

About one hour driving , she told me that she would need to wee and that i should stop somewhere.

I could not believe it, first she did hold it for more than 24 hours and now I should stop although she weed just some hours ago.

I told her that i would not stop after only one hour and said that she should hold it.

That was it what she did, what she had to do, because i did not stop!

Her urge did get stronger and stronger every minute and not even one hour later, Mira was needing to wee so really, really bad.

She knotted her slim, nude legs, bended over and moaned.

“Please stop somewhere, please, please let me pee, i can’t anymore!“ she was begging.

“No! Hold it, at least until lunch, that will be only one or maximum two hours.

I can’t believe that you can’t endure that for so long!“ I answered.

Just a half hour later, she was frantic to wee.

She was sitting beside me, she was nearly naked, her little summer dress was pushed up over her navel, she had one hand slipped in her panties and she pressed one finger hard on her peephole.

I could see her bladder bulging out of her usual flat belly.

I could not resist, i had to put my hand on her belly.

Her bladder was hard as a rock, unbelievable how much wee she must have had holding back in there.

“No, no, don’t press on it, it will burst if you push on it! Let me finally wee!“ she was begging.

„Why are you so full, after such a short time?“ i asked her.

“Why should i know that? I only know that i am full to explode!!

„Maybe i had to much coffee and to much orange juice at breakfast, or maybe i had some rest wee in my body after i did pee in the morning, because i did hold it for so long?

It is crazy not to wee all day long and then go to sleep with a full bladder.“ she seid.

It was so hot to see her fight against her strong and painful urge, i did not want to stop, i wanted more of it, but Mira was at her limit.

She was so good in holding her wee, she had a really strong bladder, but she could no more, she started to leaking.

Although she pressed one finger on her peephole, did her little panty gets wet between her thighs.

“Hold it!!“ i said.“

„Just one more hour, you can do that, you did it so good at the morning.“

„I can’t, it’s coming out!“ she replied and i could see, that her panties did get more wet, between her thighs, right over her slit.

Her bladder was bulging out between her pregnant hip bones and she did caress her swollen bladder, with one hand.

I did not want, but if i wanted to avoid a wet seat, i had to stop now.

I stopped on a country road, she opened the door and as soon she was out of the car, her wee was running down on her nude legs.

She could not stop it, not even to pull her panties down. During she weed, she did squat down beside the car and pissed full force in and through her panties.

After she was „ready „ she pulled her panties out, did use the dry parts of her panties, to wipe her thighs, her ass and her pussy dry.

Then she did give her wet panties in the trunks and did get back in the car.

Although i was very aroused about that, we did not talk about it.

It was exciting too for me, that this girl beside me was nearly naked.

No shoes, no bra, no panties, she had just a thin, super short, summer dress on her slim body. I did love it!!!

One hour later we went for a lunch, Mira totally naked under her short dress, it was so hot for me.

Before we did leave, she went again to the toilet, then she did hold it until home.

I told her that she has 3 weeks time to train her bladder and to train to hold it, because next time the price for her bladder, to pay for the journey, would be more expensive. No morning pee!

She had to hold her bladder from 8pm until next day after dinner, but that will be another story.

*043*2021-02-07 22:40

No morning pee for Mira!

Like at the first time was Mira’s payment for the journey, to have her bladder full and to hold her wee back for 24 hours.

To save time, did Mira stay overnight at my home, before we went to her down to get her passport.

At the evening, at 8pm i told her to go to the loo to take wee and i said that this will be her last wee until tomorrow after dinner.

No more wee before sleeping and no morning pee tomorrow.

Next morning i went with her in the bathroom, because i did not wanted to give her a chance to take a secret wee.

Sure that she would not have done that, but i did not wanted to tempt her to do it.

After face washing and teeth brushing, i did take a piss right in front of her.

We were both totally nude, i walked behind her, pressed my body against the back of her super slim body, wrapped my hands around her small hips and pressed with both hands in her belly then i said “ is your purse full enough to pay the long journey?”

Mira looked at me and said “I need to wee, please let me go and i promise you, after that, I’ll hold it all day long.”

”Oh no, this journey is much more expensive, your bladder has to pay more, no wee for you now and you have to hold it all day long, until after dinner, that was our deal and that is the price .”I answered.

That was so exciting for me, to know that she would need to wee and that she would have to hold it for more than 12 hours longer.

It was so arousing, to know that her bladder was already full and that it has to stretch of double size before she would be allowed to wee.

Some minutes later, Mira was sitting beside me in my car. Like the last time she did wear just a thin, short summer dress and little white panties.

I pushed her dress up, to see more from her slim thighs and to be able to caress her bare thighs until up to her panties.

After some hours we had passed the first border and we went for a quick lunch.

She did not drink very much, just one glass mineral and i think that i did know why.

At about 4 pm, we had passed the second border, Mira did not wee since 20 hours and she could no more hide that she would need to go.

She was rubbing her knees and looked reproachfully at me.

”Is it that bad? Does my little girl need to wee ” I asked Lust full.

”You can not even think how bad it is and how painful it is getting, not wee for so long, but i know you like that, you like to see me suffer!” she answered.

I wanted to tease her and said that it would be a absolutely good journey for her, better than for me, i have to drive all day long and she has to do nothing, not even to pee.”

I pushed her dress up over her navel, i wanted to see her panties and her belly.

Her panties were still dry and her belly was swollen.

I pushed and pressed in her lower abdomen to make her urge stronger, to torture her poor bladder and to make her moan from needing to wee so bad.

Sometimes i pushed one or two fingers in Miras girl slit.

This way the time was running very fast for me, i think faster than for Mira.

We did arrive at 5 .30 am in our hotel. Mira could hardly walk from needing to wee so bad and the first thing she wanted to do in our room, was pee.

I did not let her, after the dinner, i told her.

She can’t go, bursting like this, to the restaurant, she can’t even stand straight anymore, she said.

We made a new deal, we went just for a fast dinner to the hotel restaurant and then we went back to our room, where she had to wait and to hold it until 8 pm, until 24 hours holding were over.

We have been back in our room at 6.45 pm, i stripped her dress and laid her in the bed.

Her belly was swollen over her little panties and her bladder was bulging out of her usual flat belly.

I pulled her panties down on her slim legs, i was nude as well and then i pressed my body hard against her super slim body.

I was needing to pee too, i have not been since morning I like it to have my own bladder full when i make a girl hold.

This way i can imagine what the girl feels, but Mira had not weed since the evening before!

How much hot girl wee must she have been holding back in her bladder and how bad and painful must her urge have been?

Just to think about that made me horny like hell.

I turned her on her back and was lying, with all my weight on top of her.

I pressed my body hard against her body, especially on her poor bladder.

She was moving her body and her legs to get me down from her, but she was not able to do it.

For some minutes i did keep still on her, before we had, one hour full bladder-bursting bladder- sex.

Mira was great!

*044*2022-02-07 18:23

{{On 8/30/2019 at 2:41 PM, Tsuchigumo550 said:

On the subject of fantasy, I've imagined such a place many times. A place where girls are encouraged to hold their bladders, no matter how full, for countless reasons.

Routinely, I think of an island, with resort-grade beaches and natural splendor. A place where strong, large tropical drinks, lemonades, and many other fancy, desperation-inducing drinks can be found, where the smallest size available is still quite large thanks to the heat and the "vacation" nature of the place. Although one wouldn't be able to walk even a single block without passing five or six places to purchase such drinks, available restrooms seem legendarily rare. Even the resort hotels often opt to have just a single restroom for all the ladies staying there, let alone anywhere else on the island!

Culturally speaking, there would be a pridefulness about the size and fullness of one's bladder, and in a place where minimal clothing and exposed midriffs are common, openly-visible bulges would also be quite common. Sneaking off into an alleyway for relief would not only be very difficult with the bustling, always-awake party atmosphere of the island, but it's also heavily frowned upon- just as taboo as refusing a drink someone else offers, or asking for the location of a restroom!

Even when her bulging, soccer-ball sized bladder is bursting, a native girl will proudly and gladly declare that she can hold much more, while drinking another massive, potent tropical drink!

}}

Absolutely exciting your fantasy from a place where girls are encouraged to hold their bladder no matter how full they are and how bad they would need to wee.

To be with a lot of sexy girls who shows much from their smooth skin, to see their swollen bellies and their overfilled and bulging bladders, would be exciting and arousing.

I would love to invite, the fore me sexiest girl from the group, for some drinks.

She tells me that she was on the way to the toilet, but did let me invite her and did me let her make to drink. Like all the girls on that island, is she proud about her holding ability and about her strong bladder.

She show’s me her already swollen abdomen and i love to see her big bladder growing out of her belly more and more.

Her bladder gets big as a soccer ball, she cross her legs and drink, but she don’t ask for a toilet, it is taboo for girls on that island.

Girls don’t pee!!

I would love to spend my holidays there!!
