Gushing Gamer

Author: HissGenerator

*000*2022-06-05 06:32

Edit History: Typos and Errors.

###

She entered the final match of the game, her team tied 3-to-3 against the opposing team.

Emily is pretzel-legged at the foot of her light-blue bed; her back hunched, head stooped, and leaning on her elbows against the inner sides of her knees: she stares with intense focus on the imminent start of the final match.

Her long, wavy ginger-colored hair sprawled across and cover the length of her shoulders, hanging over both and just short of halfway the length of her freckled pale-pink upper arms. She briefly and swiftly sets down her pink, lime, and white controller, springing back behind her ears the loose tendrils of hair in front of her vision and distractingly tickling her face.

Emily, frustrated that her team was ahead by three, was looking to win a 4:0 match, but somehow the other side stepped their game up, choking her team round after round until the predicament she faced now. But also because she is madly yearning to take a leak. She delayed her urging bladder, thinking one more swift game and then toilet time, but did not expect to get trapped in such a drawn-out match.

She had tossed and turned at the foot of her bed, shifting the blanket off her bed and onto the floor and had discarded the pink and white cow-patterned pajamas on the floor at the foot of her TV; having them on precluded her from swift hand presses as desperation control while managing gameplay with the other hand. She finally had the last straw with her dreadful pajamas when, towards the end of round six, her sphincter gave the slightest way and she felt drops leak past and slip down her urethra, subtly oozing out from under her hood: feeling a few pin-drops of warm pee dribble into her pink panties; the warm circle of pee imprinting a dark pink spot and gently spreading outwards from the leaking source, feeling her liquid warmth spread against her throbbing skin.

When round six ended, hardly any damage was done: just a dark pink circular splotch right in the middle and its diameter hardly across the width of her panties, and probably negligible amounts on her pajamas. Her bed was piss-free. But by the time the final round began, her dark splotch lightened — just slightly darker than the original pink — and spread a little closer to the edges of her panties, feeling a clinging damp coolness below.

The final round commenced, and as soon as it began so did her bladder begin twitching at her its urging contractions. However, Emily needed both hands at the beginning of the round, instead bending her supple, inverted-triangular waist and wiggling her pale pink hips side-to-side against her bed sheets, rubbing her cool dampness to friction-induced warmth, while her butt consequently slowly turned red. Her crotch, pulsating, shrinking inwards every time she tightens her muscles against the yellow waters vehemently sloshing around inside her.

Shivers prickle out from her lower back and roll upwards to her underarms, her incisors clamping down her bottom lips, as the goosebumps traverse upwards and across her perky breasts, her nipples wrinkling enough to faintly protrude through her light-pink bra. Her shoulders shiver with a twist and stand the hairs on the back of her head.

Whilst sprinting to her objective, Emily uncrosses her pretzeled-bare legs and quickly scoots herself toward, her feet barely dangling off the edge of the bed. She scoots a little more forward to plant her feet onto the carpet floor and spreads her feet apart while her slim thighs come together tightly, smothering to squeezing tension and folding her damp, panty-covered lips between her legs into a visible camel-toe. Yet, nevertheless, she feels her lower belly expand into her pubic bone and push her hot pee further against her quivering tight sphincter.

Her pressed legs not sufficiently building tension, she squeezes her butt cheeks together, tightening her folded lips even more and increasing the tension needed to reinforce her twitching sphincter, shrinking and puffing erratically underneath her damp panties as her belly bloats and recedes back and forth: her sphincter desperately trying to maintain constant hold. She sits frozen as a rigid piece of wood, only her eyes and fingers allowed permission to move.

Her rigidity slowly starts to shake out of sheer tension, whilst her bladder yet roars its waves of burning gold against her hands-free hold. Emily’s fixed body starts to shake as she feels her sphincter yearning to relax just a little, and her tense muscle twitchingly collapse, ramping up her breathing and her exhales letting out disquieted moans as the urge refuses to let up.

She, growing increasingly anxious, starts sliding her feet up and down against her beige carpet, extending her tense calves while her thighs remain pressed together to cope with the intense amount of energy she’s expending to keep her pee back whilst defending her flag from capture.

However, she feels her belly bloat downwards even more, once again pushing a dribble of piss pass her sphincter and slip gently down her urethra: another few drops re-wet the circular damp patch to dark pink on the panties folded and wedged between her squeezed lips; feeling the spread of tantalizing warmth beneath her panties and across her tight lips, goosebumps skip out of her crotch and up her waist, flooding her breasts with tingles of prickles and re-hardening her nipples.

Realizing she requires handiwork, she quickly hides herself away, relinquishing her right hand from the controller and thrusts it between her squeezed reddening thighs, pressing her first three fingers over and through her wet panties and into her throbbing hood and twitching lips with her middle, index and ring fingers, respectively, stroking herself up and down until she feels her bladder thoroughly retreat, feeling her pee recede back into the depths of her belly.

However, doing her handiwork, Emily feels her stomach consequently bloat up her lower waist, as her hot piss reneges back into seeming obscurity.

Quickly, before getting back to the game, she flings wide her sore, red thighs and stoops a glance below: the diameter of the spot has thoroughly passed the edges of her panties and her hood partially visible via wet translucence. Her wet right hand gets back onto the controller, moving to abandon her hiding, but finds herself surrounded by more enemies than teammates, eventually killed when overrun, and spawns at another captured flag.

She runs back to the lost flag, attempting to recapture, but is once again overrun and killed.

Frustrated, she hunches forward further — as if she cannot get her face any closer to her TV screen — but in so doing accidentally displaces her belly of piss, causing sharp rings of pain to pang into her lower back and sides, re-igniting her urge to go again.

Already running back to defending her flag, she can’t thrust her hands against the approaching urge, so she straightens her hunched back in order to throw her right leg, whose inseams glare red from constant pressing it against her left, over and across her left thigh, feeling her folded lips squeezing even tighter together with the tension to combat her bladder’s beckoning for release.

Though she’s built intense tension, her belly nevertheless contracts downwards against her sphincter — which, with what little rest its had, begins to flutter in tightness — so she begins swinging her dangling right calf back and forth above her left thigh. Yet she continue to feel her hot piss creep stronger against her fluttering sphincter, starting to feel the burn of her hot piss seep through, half-drop by half-drop, whenever her sphincter uncontrollably relaxes very briefly out of fatigue. She stops swinging her calf and begins to tightly squeeze her crossed legs in a pulsating manner: squeezing every two seconds, repeatedly causing her crotch to considerably tense up in this interval.

However, those seeping half-drops accumulated enough as full drops just past her sphincter and in her urethra to ooze out of her every time she squeezed her crossed legs, feeling droplets of pee squeezed out of her puffed skin and drop a pin of warmth into her wet panties wedged between her folded wet lips.

Emily’s breathing once again begins to accelerate, increasing as her mind warns her that she is starting to lose control, no matter what she did. But she ignored her mind, insisting that she can hold herself back just for a little more. However, she overestimated herself.

As half-drops kept seeping, and squeezing became prolonged, her ventilation ramped up; and whenever half-drops continuously accumulated to oozing full drops, her exhalations began to carry soft moans. And her urge only grew stronger while her crossed right leg tired, switching her left leg over her right thigh, and resumed squeezing like so, but half-drops continued into full drops and her exhalations increase shorter and louder in moans. Until she felt her bursting bladder about to smash through the gates.

Too focused on the game, she’s caught off-guard by the very sudden forceful urge contracting downwards into her crotch. Her bladder uncontrollably contracts tightly, feeling a gush of hot piss pass her fatigued sphincter and scathe down her urethra, losing control of herself.

Emily squeals an arpeggio and casts her controller, thrusting both her hands clasped over another into her soaked crotch smothered between her squeezing crossed legs, her left hand directly cupping herself and feels her lips puff forward uncontrollably, shooting and squirting a forceful, hissy, yellow gush of hot piss through her soaked dark panties and into its palm. Immediately, her hand displaces the flow, spreading piss in all directions out from beneath her tightly cupped hands pressed against her squirting self.

She stoops her head below, witnessing the dark blue soaked bedsheets underneath her clasped hands.

Emily, feeling another bladder contraction, attempts to tighten her sphincter whilst clasping herself over her panties, but nevertheless her sphincter once again gives out on her, she squealing another arpeggio. And another hissy squirt sprays hot warmth into her palm, bursting out from beneath her hands, this time forming a noticeable puddle of pee pooling over the dark blue sheets and flooding back into her butthole. Her breathing stifles as a cocktail of sensations ranging from goosebumps to shivers to uncontrollable pissing relief to tenderness and tingling swirls her very existence. And yet another bladder contractions barges in!

She squeals aloud again, not even trying to hold back, harshly squirting another dark yellow explosion out from beneath her hands and filling the pool in her bed. However, suddenly and immediately after the final uncontrollable squirt, an overwhelming urge rushes in, and feeling her lower belly expand and warn that release is imminent, Emily raises her head to the ceiling, shutting her eyes, and lolls her head back into her cervical spine, inviting this urge, causing a fully body shiver to take place as the unrestricted release of hot piss is welcomed by her sphincter and travels down her urethra.

She sighs an airy moan until her air runs out and turns into a groan, all while her hot yellow piss swiftly flows out from between her relaxed lips, deliciously hissing its steaminess directly into her clasped left hand, as if she dipped her left palm under a hot running faucet. Her hiss begins softly as her flow front first exits, and initial stream tickles her left palm, but as her flow naturally strengths, her hissy yellow pee becomes loud and sharply pitched, and her left palm accepting a sprinkler. It remains so for five seconds until a sizable milliliter pool of hot sloshing piss floods her left palm, causing her hissy flow to lower in pitch but not in volume as it batters, garbling and burbling, into her puddled palm.

Dark, steamy yellow piss bursts out the sides of her cupped hands, flowing laterally across her engorged red lips and both upper-thigh inseams, then downwards into the growing pool of dark blue — deep enough to drown the fingertips of her clasped hands pressed against her perineum with dark yellow waters. As her pool grows, it flows past her perineum and fills her butthole with hot pee and eventually flows past and out her buttcrack, forming a moat of piss around her butt cheeks and upper back and inner thighs, warming them, too.

Nearing just past half empty, she un-cups herself and smears her hands up her waist, caressing herself, and squeezes her breasts and twirling her nipples, noticing her desperate release has sent tingles of pleasure through her body, never experiencing such before as a results of uncontrollable urination.

Her un-cupping hands reveal her dwindling flow, no longer hissing as before but audibly trickling like a soft brook — her panties dark pink from her butthole to the wet front halfway between her pubic bone and waistline, the fabric still dry at the latter — flowing out from her urethra and through her panties like a drinking water fountain faucet weakly propelling water above and falls back onto itself.

Finally, the pool between her sprawled wide thighs flows off the edge of her bed, hitting the beige carpet with that distinct sound of dropping water from a high place onto the carpet below, some of the flow clinging to her legs and following her from thighs to calves and streaming onto the carpet below from her heels.

While twiddling her nipples, and listening to her carpet getting wet, Emily pleasurably shivers as her flows nears its end. Sufficiently turned on, she begins to play with herself over her panties as the last of her pee trickles out of her, dipping her right middle finger into the pool of steadily cooling piss below her pelvis, past her perineum and presses her flooded butthole through her submerged panties, causing a heat of blood to rush to her lips, reddening them further engorged.

And the rest is history..

