2 Boys & 2 Girls

Author: huberp76

*000*2024-02-05 21:00

2 friends went to a music event. They had to go about two hours per car to the destination where the event happened.

2 girls, also friends, wanted to come with them. They did know each other from the school, but not really good because the girls were one year younger( a little over 18) and therefore they didn’t go to the same class.

The driver stopped for petrol at a petrol station on the motorway before they arrived at the city.

Another reason for the stop was to use the toilet, because it was usually that there would be always long lines in front of the loos inside the stadium.

The toilets at the petrol station were in a separate building.

The boys went in a urinal and as they came out, they saw that one of the girls wanted in to the ladies, but couldn’t get in because the door was closed.

“Tough luck!“ said one of the boys and smiled.

Both of the boys did like it if girls hold their pee and both of them was turned on about this situation.

“You have to go inside for the key.“ said the other girl.

“Oh no, I don’t want to do that, i can wait, i am holding it.“ answered the girl and the boys did love it.

The boys did love it, because it makes them horny when a girl is holding her wee inside her, they did love it if a girl was holding her urine back in her bladder even when her bladder was very full and it was turning them on very much if a girl suppress her urge, even when her urge is already very, very strong.

It seemed that it would become a great day for the boys, though both of them.

When they arrived, there were already many cars at the stadium parking lot. There was a long line at the entrance because of the security check and inside there was a very long line in front of the ladies.

“I told you that you should have gone at the petrol station.“ shouted the girl to her friend who didn’t go for the key, for during a wee.

“Don’t worry, you don’t have to wait for me, i am holding it.“ answered the girl with the full bladder.

“Until the end? You are crazy, that will last some hours!“ shouted her friend again.

“It seems that there will be no other way for me.“ answered the second girl.

“Can you really endure that for so long?“ asked one of the boys full of lust.

“I think that i have to!“ answered the girl and they went inside in direction stage.

On the way bought on boy a large Coca-Cola for each of them, especially for the girls and for to fill their bladders.

They had standing room and wanted to stand as near as possible in front of the stage. They could not leave the place for the whole concert, because it would have been impossible to get back to their place.

More than 3 hours was the girl standing with her bladder full since hours.

On the way to the parking lot, has been near the exit the toilets. The line in front of the girls room was much longer than before.

”Oh my God, i need to wee so bad! That coke was not a real good idea for me.” said the girl who was needing to wee already on the way to the stadium. She crossed her legs very tight to demonstrate her need and her urge.

The girls were both very good looking, they did wear both super short, low waist shorts so that their bellies and their legs were nude.

To see how the girl crossed her bare legs from needing to wee so bad, made the boys totally horny.

”We have to wait for her, she will piss her shorts and your car seat, if we don’t let her go now.”

” No, i will not do that, i need to go indeed very badly, but i can hold it, you don’t have to wait for me.” answered the girl with her overfilled bladder.

”What is about you? Don’t you need to go as well? You also have not weed.” asked one boy.

”Sure that i would need to go too, sure that my bladder is full after all that time, but i have been at the toilet before leaving, but she did not wee even once since her early morning pee. . She is full to burst.” answered the girl.

The boys penis were getting visibly in their shorts and the girls overfilled bladder was visible as well, it was bulging out of her flat belly.

”Are you really able to hold it for 2 more hours?” asked the driver.

”I am!! I will be able !! Let’s go finally to the car.” answered the girl.

On the way to the car, pissed the 2 boys against a tree, the girls were getting in the car with their bladders very full.

One hour later caressed the “holding girl” her swollen belly and said” my poor bladder is about to explode, it is already up to my navel. You 3 can’t even imagine how bad i am needing to wee.”

”My friend is crazy, she always put it off until she is full to burst. She is a masochist, she tortures her own bladder, but that can’t be healthy to hold it back for so long. I think we should stop somewhere for her.” said the girl.

”Should we?” asked the driver.

”It would be absolutely a relief for me to wee now and to piss that nearly unbearable “pee urge pain”away.

It would be already really very necessary.” replied the girl.

“I think that will be not necessary, you have been holding it for so long, you will easily be able to bear up for one more hour, or would you wet my seat if i don’t stop?” asked the driver.

”You are such a evil sadist, you know very well that it is painful for her to hold it, you know that her bladder hurts her, but you don’t stop to let her pee, because you are one of the guys who loves it to see us girls suffer from needing to wee so bad.” said the friend from the bursting girl, with her own bladder as well already painful overfilled.

” That matches, i am a sadist and she is a masochist, why should i stop? There is absolutely no reason for a stop, or are you needing to go? Do you want to the toilet?” asked the guy and smiled sadistic.

”Sure i would need to go, you boys went twice and we girls not even once. That is not fair. She didn’t wee since more than 15 hours! Can you even imagine how that feels?” asked the girl a little bit angry.

”Sure i can imagine that and i love to imagine it, because you know that i am a sadist.” answered the boy.

The “bursting girl “ opened the two top buttons of her shorts to give her bladder more room. Her bladder loved it and pushed her belly skin out to a large hemisphere between her hipbones.

A little longer than one hour they were at the girls home.

“I can’t close the buttons anymore.” said the girl. The boys turned around and could see the large bladder of the girl bulging out of her lower abdomen.

“That is amazing, i have never before seen such a big bladder.” said one of the boys.

The girl on the other hand was proud of her bladder and about her holding ability, but could not even stand upright anymore outside the car.

She was waiting bending forward and with her sexy legs tight crossed for her friend.

”That was a great day, but the greatest of all is your bladder.” said one boy.

”We should next time make a “no toilet day trip” with you girls!” said the driver.

”Food and drinks would be free for both of you, but no permission for the toilet for you girls!! Would that be a good idea for you 2 ??

*003*2024-02-15 21:50

{{On 2/11/2024 at 2:07 AM, HoldingPrinces said:

Great story as always. Looking forward for "no toilet day trip"

}}

Thank you, i am glad that you like my story.

”No toilet day trip “ i think the girls should have all for free at that day, but they should pay with their bladders!!?

*005*2024-02-17 04:08

Some days after that music event met the boy who was driving the car, the girl who was holding her wee.They met accidentally in the hallway at their school late at afternoon before they were leaving.

”It was a great day last time. The event was great, but you have been gorgeous !” he said and asked “die you girls think about our offer?”

He told her that he is still very impressed about her bladder control and her pee holding performance.

”Yes, we did talk about it. I would like to do it, but my friend won’t, she said it is unhealthy not to wee for so long and she don’t want to suffer just for something to eat and for something to drink.”

”Would she do it for money? Would you do it for money?” asked the boy impulsively.

”What do you think about us? We are not whores!” answered the girl.

”I am sorry, i did not mean it like that, i didn’t mean for cash, but maybe there will be a special destination, or a special event where you would like to go and where we could have fun together?” asked the boy.

”Oh yes, there is something where we want to go since a long time, but it was always to far and to expensive for us.” answered the girl and said the name of a kind amusement park about 3 hours away from their home town.

”We would enjoy doing that with you, for you both for free admission. The only thing what you have to do, or better what you don’t have to do is to go to the toilet.

You will be not be allowed to wee only once all day long, that would be our deal!

But to hold it all day long will be not really a big problem for you, that is what you did last time as well.” said the boy.

”I’ll talk about it with my friend, I’ll ask her and i let you know.” answered the girl, smiled and said “ It is already 5 pm, i have not been at the loo all day, i didn’t wee since my early morning pee.” and she was rubbing her knees, crossed her legs and smiled again.

*007*2024-02-18 22:54

“You are needing to wee now? Bad? How bad? Very bad? Urgently , very urgently? How full is your bladder already ? Is it overfilled ? Is it already bulging out, like it was last time after the music event ? How much longer would you be able to wait?” asked the boy without a break non stop.

“So many questions at once.” said the girl and smiled again.

”But only one more question.” said the boy. “ Would you come with me to the coffee shop? I would like to invite you!” he said.

” You mean now?” asked the girl.

By the way, Sandra was her name and the boys name was Peter.

”Yes now!!” answered Peter.

”You just want to prevent that i go to the toilet!!?? You just want to make me hold my wee!!? But yes, i would like to go with you to a coffee shop, but just for one hour, because i am invited with my parents for a dinner at evening.” answered Sandra.

Peter ordered coffee and something to drink for both of them and he was going on with his questions.

”You can’t even imagine how much you turn me on with your pee holding matter. Tell me why are you doing that? Why don’t you go to the toilet all day long? Since how long would you need to go today?”asked the boy.

”Again many questions.” said Sandra.” But I’ll try to give you an answer of all your questions.” she continued.

”I would need to wee since before noon.” answered the girl. “And why don’t you not go, why do you suppress your urge for so long?” asked Peter.

”That is like a police questioning what you are doing with me.” said Sandra.

”There are more reasons why i am doing it not , or why i am doing it. I am not going to the school toilet because i don’t like that toilets and i am doing a hold because i like the feeling of a full bladder and i like the feeling needing to wee but don’t go and i like it to put it off and put it off. It is exciting and arousing for me to suppress my urge.” continued the girl.

Sandra told him that she nearly never use the school toilets and that she sometimes hold it at home for hours more.

She said that her friend always tells her how unhealthy it would be to hold the wee back for so long and that she could get ill from doing that, but she don’t care about it, because she loves it so much and she doesn’t do it every day extremely, just once or twice a month she hold it until she can’t any longer.

”Girl, you drive me crazy! I don’t know and i can’t explain why i love it so much when girls hold a bursting full bladder and when they are desperate to wee.” said Peter.

”If i am honestly, it is an extra turn on for me as well that you know that i would need to wee very badly and that i am holding a very full bladder in my belly.” said Sandra.

”That is so great and so horny that we both enjoy your overfilled bladder.” Said Peter with a extra hard boner in his pants.

They changed their cell phone numbers and Sandra said that she had to leave now, but she would call him about their “no toilet day trip “ as soon as possible.

“One last question.” said Peter “ did you ever have sex with your bladder full to burst?”

”Not till now!” answered Sandra, smiled and went away.

*008*2024-03-10 12:24

Just some days later called Sandra Peter on the phone. She told him that she talked with her friend and that they would be willing to do that deal and to accept their offer.

They pay that trip with their bladders, they would not wee from leaving their home until they will be back at their home.

Peter was hard at the moment, just to hear that and just about the imagination.

”But we leave early in the morning and we will come back later at evening.” Said Peter.

”We know that you evil boy’s want to expand our holding time for so long as any possible. We know that you will not let us go from early morning until late evening, we agree, but we have just 2 agree conditions for our deal. We decided what and how much we drink and you will not make us pee in our panties.

We will try our best, but if we absolutely can’t anymore, if e can’t any longer, then you let us go before we piss ourselves .

We would squat maybe on the way home beside the car, we would let you watch, but no panty wetting.“ said Sandra.

“No panty wetting and no wee at all for you 2!! You are 2 big girls and you will be able to hold it for one entire day!“ answered Peter.

*010*2024-03-10 13:31

{{ 

20 minutes ago, Wet-Robert said:

It would be such a shame if they would get stuck in traffic, on their way back home. The girl's both with bladders full to the brim, nearly exploding and no toilet or bush nearby......

}}

Oh yes, that would be absolutely hot and arousing, the 2 girls gets in the car with their bladders full from the day. They are needing to wee already so bad but they are not allowed to go. They have a deal, they have to hold it for 3 more hours until at home.

They know that they would need all their willpower and their body power to endure that bladder torture for 3 hours more, but they have to, no matter what!

But then at the last half an hour of their journey is a traffic accident.

They are trapped in the car for one or two hours longer. No toilet, no bushes, no where to squat, no wee for the poor girls!!!

What will they do!!???

*012*2024-03-11 17:03

„We will do our best.“ answered Sandra.

“Another, you both should wear either super short skirts or small super short shorts. Your legs should be nude, we want to see so much as possible of your naked skin, maybe you show us your panties underneath your skirts.

It will be a very expensive day for us boys and therefore we want to have as much as possible fun and pleasure with you girls.“ said Peter.

“I understand and i know you boys will have the most fun when we girls are needing to wee like crazy but don’t go.“ answered Sandra.

“Exactly!!“ replied Peter.

At that special day picked Peter and his friend the two girls up from Sandra‘s home.

Sandra‘s friend did stay overnight at her home to save time.

It was 6 am the girls were already waiting in front of the door.

Sandra was for Peter the sexier of the two girls, she was more slim, nearly skinny and had good shaped slender legs, exactly how Peter loved it. For Peter’s pleasure she did wear a very short skirt and did show a lot of her slim, naked thighs.

The other girl is more curvy and did wear denim short shorts and a denim T-shirt to be able to show her curves better . Peter’s friend loved her body type more.

“Have you girls done a good pleasant morning wee wee? asked the boy.

“Oh yeah, we piss already twice, once after getting up and a second time before leaving.“ answered Sandra and smiled.

“Your bladders are now totally empty, they are ready to get filled up, or better to get overfilled “ said Peter.

“It is so exciting for us boys that you girls will spend the whole day with us and don’t use even once a toilet.

I love it so much to imagine how full your bladder’s will be when we are back here late in the evening.“ continued Peter.

“We are excited as well, but we are afraid about the imagination to have to suppress our bodily needs the whole day long. I don’t even want to think about how painful this can get.“answered Sandra.

“Great that we are all excited and i hope that it becomes a great day for all of us .“ said the boy.

*014*2024-03-16 11:29

Peter was the driver, his friend was sitting beside him and the two girls were sitting on the back seat.

After about one hour on the motorway said Peter that they will stop at the next rest stop for a fast breakfast.

So they did, the girls did take care that they didn’t drink too much, because the day will get a long day for them, especially for their bladders.

Peter‘s friend excused him self for the toilet and said „just for safety, because it will be the last opportunity for the next 2 or 3 hours.“

The girls could not even smile about that, because they did know that they wouldn’t get a chance to wee for the next 12 or 13 hours. Peter didn’t go as well.

It was already 10 am as they arrived at the amusement park.

There were so many attractive opportunities and the girls could choose which they used.

At 1 o clock they went for a lunch, neither of them has been at the toilet until then.

Peter and the girls not after they did leave their home and Peter’s friend not until breakfast.

“How are you girls? Do you have fun?“ asked Peter.

“Oh yes we have a lot of fun and it is absolutely great here, but you don’t really want to know how we are, you just want to know how our bladders are and if we would need to wee.“ answered Sandra.

“And how are your bladders, are they full? Are you both needing to wee?“ asked Peter.

“What do you think? They can’t be empty after holding it since nearly 8 hours, but you must know how it feels, you didn’t piss as well since that long.“ said Sandra‘s friend.

Peter‘s friend went again to the toilet, Peter and the girls not.

Peter likes it to have his own bladder full and to hold it, especially if he is with girls together who have their bladder full. This way he could better imagine what the girls are feeling.

Sure for him that the girls should have to hold it longer and that their bladders should get fuller, because girls are so sexy and they make so horny when they are desperate to pee and don’t go, or can’t go.

The afternoon went away so quickly because of so many attractivenesses.

Peter was getting more and more horny, because of his own pee need and because of the imagination of the full girl bladders.

Especially Sandra’s slim naked legs turned him on so very, very much. Sometimes he could see bare thighs up to her little panties.

„How much warm girl wee is wanting to come out of the little hole underneath that panties?? Already 1 liter?

It would be so great to fuck this sexy gal with her bladder that full!! I would love to feel how she squeeze her tight slit around my dick from the effort to hold her wee inside her what was waiting to come out so urgently.“he thought to himself with a boner in his shorts.

At evening they went for a dinner, it was not a real dinner, it was more a snack at a fast food restaurant.

Before they did leave went Peter’s friend again to the toilet.

“That is not fair! My bladder is so very, very full, i need to wee since hours , we have been holding it for so long!! Can we girls go as well before we leave?“ ask Sandra’s friend.

”Oh no, you may not! Our deal is no wee from your home until back to your home.

It was a very expensive day for us boys and you girls have to pay that high price with your bladders. Your bladders must get filled to the limit, or a little bit over the limit. We want to see you girls as desperate as any possible.” said Peter.

”Okay, we try to hold it, but you hold it as well, you don’t go to the toilet now and you promise that you will stop anywhere before we will wet our panties.” answered Sandra.

“Okay but before we leave we take a last drink.“ said Peter.

The girls agreed unwilling.

On the way to the parking lot, they met a group of guys which they know from their soccer team.

They stopped for a small talk and one of the boys whispered to our 2 boys “You should bring your girls to a toilet before they do it in their panties.”

”Why do you think that they are needing to wee?” asked Peter.

”Because we have seen you standing in line a while before and the girls had their legs tight crossed and were rubbing their knees. Believe me, they are needing to wee very badly, i have a eye for girls who are desperate to pee!“ said the boy.

“Didn’t they tell you that they would need to go? Didn’t they ask for a loo?“ wanted the boy know.

“I see you have really a good eye for that and i think it is turning you on!!? We know that they are needing to wee very bad, they didn’t wee since 5.45 in the morning and we don’t let them go, they have to hold it until they are at home.“ said Peter.

“No and never are they will be able to hold it for 3 hours longer, they will piss themselves long before, they will overflow your car.“ said the guy.

“They have to hold it because we simply don’t stop for them.“ answered Peter.

“Good luck and much pleasure with them.“ said the guy and then they went to the car.

This time was Sandra sitting beside Peter, because he wanted to see her wonderful, sexy legs moving from needing to wee so badly and Peter’s friend was sitting beside the other girl who was even more sexy for him.

“ I don’t know how i will survive the next 3 hours.“ said the girl as she was getting in the car and pressed her thighs hard together.

*015*2024-03-29 07:36

„3 hours will not be to long for big girls.“ said Peter’s friend.

“ 3 hours not, but 17 hours very well!! But you should not talk so super brainy, you pissed 3 times during the day but we not even once.“ said Sandra‘s friend.

The last drink went little by little in the already very full bladders of the girls and tortured them very much.

Sandra had her slim naked thighs close together and on and off she was rubbing her knees.

“Can it be that you are needing to wee??“ asked Peter to tease her. „ Do you have to go bad? Very bad? Is your poor bladder full? Very full? Let’s talk about it.“ he said.

“It was such a nice and great day, i don’t want to destroy it with a talk about my need to wee and about my bursting bladder.“ answered Sandra.

“For me you wouldn’t destroy the day for this reason, for me you would make it even greater! I think you girls should talk a little bit about your bodily needs.“ said Peter.

“Sure we can talk about it, we have to talk about it, because i am about to wet my panties and your seat and i will do that if you don’t stop at the next parking lot.“ said Sandra’s friend.

“We will not stop!!! And you will not wet your panties and my seat!!!

You hold it from your home until back to your home was the deal.“ answered Peter.

“But that you have to stop before we will wet our panties was another part of our deal and i am near to do that.“

„Not even 2 more hours and you can let it out, but not before.“ said Peter.

The last drink was already in their bladders and tortured the girls bladder very much. There was no more enough room in the tight shorts for her so much swollen bladder. She had to open the two top buttons to ease the pressure from outside, but she still moaned and begged for a stop at the next service area.

“May i help you to hold it? I would like to borrow you one of my fingers to press on your little hole to keep it shut and to prevent it from leaking .“ teased her Peter’s friend. He was so aroused to see her swollen belly down to her panties and to move her her sexy legs from her bad need to wee.

A half an hour later she was getting angry, she said that it is abnormal and very unhealthy not to wee for so long, not even once in 16 hours. She said that all her belly hurts from needing to wee so bad and she said that they should finally stop for her before she’ll piss herself.

Peter didn’t like to stop, but it seemed that she had really reached her limit and therefore he promised to stop at the next parking lot.

Just some minutes before they had to stop because of a car accidents. „ Oh no!!! Oh my God, not that!!! My bladder will burst if i can’t finally piss.“ whined the girl at the back seat with her legs knotted.

They were trapped in the car for more than a half an hour. The poor girl was near to tears, she could not get out to squat in front of all the others, she had to fight with all her power to hold it back and the two boys loved to watch her.

Sandra had her slim naked legs as well knotted and was visibly fighting against her strong urge.

“ You will not wee at the parking lot when we stop later !!?? You will hold it until at home!!! Will you??“ asked her Peter.

„You are so strong, you can bear up for so long, you can endure that!“ he continued with a boner in his shorts and as well a bursting bladder in his abdomen.

*016*2024-04-03 20:11

Sandra‘s friend was in ecstasy . She had one hand pressed hard against her crotch and her thighs crossed over her hand.

She was bending forward and whispered “ I need to wee so bad, it is hurting so much.”

There was no really reason for her torment, there was no reason why she did get in the car with her bladder full from the day and with a already painful urge , the only reason is the fetish and the amusement for the 2 boys.

The boys had promised that they would let the girls wee before it would get unbearable for them and before they would piss their panties, but now it was no more depending from the boys, it was curl fate for the girls. They had to hold it no matter how long it would last and no matter how bad it would get.

The girl was frantic to piss, she was rubbing her nude thighs and was squeezing it with both hands very hard.

”I have to get out of that car, i HAVE to piss, before my bladder explodes!” said the girl.

The boys were both bone hard from watching the girl fight to keep all the wee inside her, they could no more hide their dick’s in their shorts.

”What will you do outside?” asked Peter smiling. “I HAVE to piss!” she replied.

”You will pull your shorts and your panties down and you will show everybody your pissing pussy? I think you will get a big clap for that!” said Peter with sarcasm.

”I am near that i will not have another chance than to do it, the pressure is getting too much, it is already coming out.” said the girl and slipped one hand deep inside her panties and pressed one finger on her pee hole.

Peter’s friend was near to cum from watching it and from seeing her belly so much swollen down to her slit.

”May i block your little hole with my finger for you? I would love to help you so much to hold it that way!” he said.

The girl didn’t even answer and so he said “ if you don’t want to use my help, then let me touch your horny bladder. You can’t even imagine how sexy you are so desperate to wee and with one finger in your already pee wet slit!”

Again did the girl not answer, but she did let the boy feel her bladder.

He was very tender with that bursting full balloon in the girl’s abdomen.

”Your bladder is so plump and tight , it is so so big and great, so absolutely sexy.” said the boy and caressed the smooth tensed skin over her overfilled bladder.

”May i touch your bladder as well?” asked Peter and lifted Sandra’s short skirt without to wait for a answer.

Sandra did let him do it and Peter could see for him the sexiest sight what he could imagine - super slim naked thighs, tiny panties and the contours of a very full bladder bulging out of a thin abdomen.

Peter caressed her swollen bladder and could not resist to press soft on it.

Sandra moaned . “I think you like that and i think you can endure a lot more,” said Peter and pressed harder and started to massage the girls very full bladder.

Sandra did the same with Peter’s bulging bladder. They were getting very horny from needing to pee so bad and from torturing each other.

They started to kiss their first time, they pushed their tongues in the mouth of the other and they slid with their hands from their swollen bellies down to the boys penis and to the girls slit between her sexy thighs.

Not even 15 minutes later they had their hands already inside Peter’s shorts and inside Sandra’s panties and two fingers of Peter inside the girl.

Sandra’s friend was near to tears “ how much longer will that last, i can’t bear it up anymore, it hurts so much, i HAVE to pee so bad, i have to wee now .” she said and squeezed her thighs very hard with both hands.

”I don’t know how long, but for me it could last some hours longer.” answered Peter.

”For me as well!” said his friend and was sliding with one hand over the girls tummy.

*019*2024-04-05 09:11

{{ 

21 hours ago, daisyduke said:

@@the hottest kind of sex :3 I think they should all keep on holding no matter how bad it hurts

}}

Full bladder sex is the hottest kind of sex with the most intensely orgasm.

*022*2024-04-05 23:14

The girl on the back seat was at the absolutely limit of her endurance, she was needing to wee so bad that she could not even imagine that it can be possible to need to pee so bad and so painful.

It was absolutely inhumane for her to suppress the urge to urinate for so many hours. She was needing to go since before noon and now it was near 10 pm and she was still holding it.

“What are you doing to me? Why are you torturing me so much? That is more than a human can endure. I am afraid that my bladder can explode in side me if i don’t let it out.

I get out , i can no more care about if someone is watching me, i HAVE to piss now!!” said the girl.

”We are not bear the blame for that accident and you don’t have to be afraid that your bladder can burst, your bladder can get much more bigger than you think.” said Peter.

”Pee holding can get very painful, but you can learn a lesson from Sandra, don’t you think that it doesn’t hurt her, but i think she likes that kind of pain as well i like it. And believe me, you girls are so sexy when you are full to burst and when you are needing to wee so very, very bad.” continued Peter.

“I don’t want to be sexy, i just want to piss!” answered the girl and at the same moment started the column to move.

Just a little later was a rest stop and Peter had to stop now, he could not make her hold any longer.

The girl made her hands to fists and tensed her muscles so hard that she was shaking with all her body.

She was needing all her power to keep her wee inside her and to make her already wet panties not even more wet.

But there were a lot of cars in front of them and as Peter was able to stop was already a long line in front of the toilets.

*023*2024-04-06 14:57

The girl was absolutely desperate now, desperate to pee and desperate about the situation.

3 buttons of her shorts were open and her belly was so swollen from her distended and overstretched bladder that she was no more able to close it.

It would have been impossible to push her so much bulging bladder back in her abdomen. It was already painful for her to touch it.

She was afraid to see the long line in front of the ladies, because she knew she would not be able to wait that long and to hold her wee back for so long until she would be inside. Into the bargain was it a small rest stop with just one toilet for girls and therefore was the line moving very slowly.

It seemed that a lot of people were getting desperate because of the accident on the motorway, because they were trapped for so long in the car. Many men and boys pissed on trees or somewhere else.

Some of women and girls could not wait as well until they would have been able to get inside the toilet for to wee and were squatting on the grass.

There must have been a lot of bursting full bladders during the waiting time in the cars, but there was for sure not even one of them who didn’t wee since 17 hours and who had to pee worth than Peter and the two girls.

Sandras friend was no more able to get out of the car with her open shorts and to wait in that line to can finally wee, she urged Peter to drive away from the toilet to a quiet place of the parking lot.

Peter had no other choice than to do that and this way he had an opportunity to watch her piss He stopped the car where no people were around.

The girl opened the door and did get out with one hand pressed hard against her crotch. As soon as she was out she pulled her shorts and her panties down at once and started to piss before she was squatting. It was jetting out of her with full power and with high pressure. It was hissing very loud and it did last very long before the flow stopped.

”That must have been really very urgently and very necessary.” said Peter’s friend with a boner in his shorts from watching the girl piss so near beside him.

” What do you want to hear from me?” answered the girl and pulled her wet panties and her shorts with a large wet spot between her thighs up over her firm ass and closed all the buttons.

Sandra wanted to open her door as well but Peter said “ you not! You will not pee, you are a big o, you can hold it!”

”Evil sadist .” said Sandra and did stay in the car.

”Okay, i hold it but just if you hold it as well.” she continued.

Peter started the engine, pressed hard on Sandra’s bladder and drove away.

Sandra moaned loud, pressed her slim thighs together and smiled.

”How much wee can you hold in your skinny, sexy frame?” asked Peter.

”I don’t hold all the wee inside me. Look how much my bladder is bulging out and i think it can get a little bigger,” answered Sandra.

”You are such a naughty, horny gal.” said Peter and pressed again hard on her bladder.”Sorry, but you simply must get tortured.” he said.

40 minutes of suffering they were at Sands house.

Peters ans Sandras friends were already kissing as well. The girl had her hand inside the boys shorts and the had his hand inside the girl’s wet panties.

”At our next day trip you will both wear sexy shorts, we will take a little chain around your waist and we close it with a padlock.

The key will stay at your home, you will both not be able to piss until you are at home.” said Peter.

Peter and Sandra brought each other to a great and heavy orgasm, but as soon as they had their climax, they wanted nothing than to piss.

Peter jumped out of the car and pissed against a tree beside the street and Sandra moved very slowly out of the car, she bent over and walked with 2 hands pressed hard between her sexy slim thighs which were naked until the top that way.

Peter called Sandra next day for to talk about their great day and for to make a next date for a pee holding day trip.

They did think about to meet before for a full bladder sex, bursting bladder sex. No pee in the morning before they meet late afternoon!!!!???

