The journey- made to hold!

Author: huberp76

*000*2020-02-10 21:32

Just a short story.

One of my friends had lust and desire to make girls hold their wee.

He did not let them go all day long, especially on long bus rides, journeys and day trips.

It was sometimes different girls , but the was all really pretty .

Once we made a day trip together, i had noticed that his girl was not at the loo, not only one time all day long.

It was late afternoon as we made our last pee stop at a rest area.

His girl wanted to get out of the bus, but my friend did not let her.

He shook his head and said „you not, you hold it!“

I think that this girl was needing to pee pretty bad to that time, but she did not go, he did not let her go, although we did know that the journey would last more than 3 hours.

I was total aroused about this situation, i did love it!

My friend made her drink all day and then he did not let her out of the bus, he simply did not let her wee, he made her hold her full bladder.

To think about how much the girl did drink and that she was holding all that liquid in her bladder, was total arousing for me.

How big and stretched was her bladder, how much wee was she holding, how bad was she needing to go, I asked myself.

2 hours later she could not hide her need anymore, she pressed her thighs, tight together and did massage her bulging bladder, she moaned, but she had to hold it, no wee for her for more than one and a half hours.

She was nearly crazy from needing to wee so bad!

I know that is really bad, but it was so horny for me to see her fight to keep her panties dry.

A journey to remember!

*002*2020-02-15 22:54

{{On 2/11/2020 at 1:48 AM, Sarah Miller said:

Great story

}}

Thank you, i am glad that you like it!

*004*2020-02-22 07:27

{{On 2/16/2020 at 4:24 AM, HoldingPrinces said:

Amazing short story

}}

Thank you i am glad that you like it.

My friends girls had always to endure a lot of pee holding and bladder torture.

{{On 2/11/2020 at 1:48 AM, Sarah Miller said:

Great story

}}

Thank you!

*006*2020-05-31 03:30

{{On 2/24/2020 at 9:26 PM, The Odd said:

I relate sometimes when I see my boyfriend needing to pee. I feel bad but I can’t help it.

}}

Do you make him hold? Is he good in holding?

Can you tell us some experiences?

