The New Hire, Part One

Author: Holdit4me

*000*2018-05-19 20:41

Hi! I’ve been a member of this fantastic community for a long time and have even become Internet friends with a couple of members here. I’ve written a few stories, but that was years ago and they seem to have disappeared. I wanted to give back to the community, so here’s some new content. My intention is to make this an ongoing series, but that depends on how the story is received, as well as how much free time I have. Anyway, here’s “The New Hire, Part One.” I hope you like it!

###

He noticed the new hire almost immediately. How could he not? She was petite and cute, maybe 5’4” and all of one hundred five pounds soaking wet, with long lustrous brown hair and a smile that would melt ice on the coldest winter day. The supervisor introduced her as Sara as he brought her around the office during her employment initiation, and Jason was immediately smitten.

He guessed Sara would be issued the cubicle diagonally in front of his to the right, for the simple reason it was the only one currently available in the office. It had stood empty since John Moeller’s firing for insubordination, and he hoped he was right because Sara would be a whole lot more pleasant to look at than that asshole Moeller.

The company was not known for generosity toward its employees, and Jason knew that following her four-hour initiation Sara would be expected to complete her workday just like everyone else. As one o’clock approached, and the end of lunch hour, Jason smiled. The new hire appeared and began dressing up her workspace with a couple of framed personal photos and a small potted plant.

Then she got to work. Sara adjusted her brand-new headset and sat cross-legged at her desk as she waited for the first call to come in. Jason and Sara were employed at Gentex as customer service representatives, their duties consisting of dealing with clients who were experiencing difficulties with their software before routing the calls to other technical reps if they wee unable to solve the customers’ problem. The nature of the job meant relatively long calls, with each rep spending upward of forty-five minutes to an hour on each call.

Due to the positioning of the cubicles, Jason was the only person in the office who could see Sara, but he had an unobstructed view of virtually her entire workspace. She was dressed in a plain white blouse and conservative, knee-length floral patterned skirt. She doodled on her desk blotter as she worked, tucking her hair behind an ear in what looked like a subconscious gesture.

And her right leg was swinging back and forth. Back and forth.

To a life-long observer of female desperation like Jason, the motion was a classic sign of someone who needed the toilet. But that was impossible. There was no way Sara’s four-hour initiation hadn’t included showing her the location of the restrooms: just twenty-five feet away in the hallway outside the office.

And even if by some odd circumstance she hadn’t been given that information, Sara had just returned from her hour-long lunch break. Surely if she needed to pee, she would have gone at lunch, right?

Jason decided he must be imagining things.

By two o’clock he’d changed his mind. There was no question the new hire needed to pee. She’d completed her first call and moved on to her second, and now she sat with her sensible flat shoes on the floor, her butt perched on the front edge of her wheeled desk chair. Her right heel tapped on the floor incessantly as her knee bounced while she worked.

Jason had been doing his job for a long time and was more than able to assist his clients while following the adventure taking place in Sara’s cubicle. He was the only person in the office who could see Sara, but there was no question she KNEW he could see her, and yet there she was, bouncing her knee like a little girl who was being forced to wait for the toilet until she finished her homework.

At first Jason was bewildered that someone would be so obvious about her need, but then it occurred to him that her distress would only be clear to someone like him, with years of experience searching out women who needed to pee. No one else would likely even notice Sara’s movements, or at last the significance of those movements would be lost to them.

By three o’clock, Sara was approaching the limit of her ability to hold in her pee. It was obvious. Her legs were re-crossed tightly, and while she was still sitting on the front edge of her chair she was bouncing up and down and rocking back and forth. Her movements were quick and jerky, and she nibbled on her lower lip as she assisted her client.

Unless she had an extremely small bladder or had drunk an enormous amount of liquid at lunch – or both - Jason doubted she’d peed since before leaving for work this morning.

She was holding it intentionally. There was no other explanation.

Sara bounced at her desk and nibbled on her lip and hung up her phone. Looked out at the hallway and back at the phone and Jason could almost read her mind. I really need to pee. Should I go now, before the phone rings again, or should I wait?

The phone began flashing, forcing Sara’s hand, but it didn’t really matter. The call would be routed to another customer service rep if Sara didn’t answer after two rings, so she could still go pee if she needed to. She bounced and squirmed and glanced again at the hallway.

Then she answered the call, and Jason was in love.

Or at least in lust.

And he thought, I really need to get to know this girl…

*002*2018-05-19 22:37

Thank you!

*006*2018-05-20 15:00

Thanks for checking it out! Hopefully I'll have the chance to add Part Two soon...

