A Stream of Screams

Author: Hyde

*000*2025-11-03 22:42

I wanted to make something for Halloween but I just couldn’t come up with something fun and it took longer than I was hoping. So it’s a few days late for Halloween, but I hope you still enjoy it.

The Blackwood Asylum was a, supposedly, real haunted building on the outskirts of town. Simply known by locals as “The Asylum”, it later was turned into a popular haunted attraction. Now the air was thick with the smell of fake fog and old wood, even though it was "renovated" it still felt creepy and unnatural, to all but Eve. Eve, with her arms crossed over her tight black corset top, breathed in the cursed air like a perfume. To her left, Chloe was already clutching her arm, a whimper escaping her lips as a distant chainsaw and accompanying scream roared. To her right, Mel was trying and failing to look stoic, her eyes darting into every shadowy corner.

"Honestly, you two," Eve said, her voice, a confident sound that cut through the sounds in the darkness. "It's all plywood and college students in cheap makeup. Get a grip."

This was partially true, when it was converted into a haunted attraction, the new owners did get a bit cheesy and added actors to it. However there still were entire sections that were left more or less untouched due to the witness accounts of the supernatural. They left those areas be and they acted as a break between the newly implemented sections of the attraction. The rooms on their own are eerie and need no extra decorations or actors to really unsettle someone, but so many visitors walk through, take breaks there, and chat briefly but have never noticed any abnormal activities there.

Eve led the way, her platform boots thudding as she walked, her short, pleated skirt swished around her thighs, and the fishnets underneath created a delicate diamond pattern on her skin. A silver ankh pendant rested on her exposed cleavage, a talisman of sorts. She's not really into this, it bored her. This place is actually supposed to be haunted, yet she’d been in house basements scarier than here. This was sort of her element, her norm, yet it was underwhelming to other attractions she’d been to.

They moved through a strobe-lit hallway where masked figures twitched and jerked. Eve merely walked passed raising an eyebrow, Chloe and Mel quickly ran by. They navigated a room filled with hanging, sticky "intestines." Chloe squealed and buried her face in Mel's shoulder. Eve walked around them with a sigh. "It's latex and corn syrup. Probably."

Her confidence was unbreakable, a great shield for her two friends, but it was also a mask for herself for a more mundane problem. Two large iced coffees Eve had before coming here to give her some energy were now starting to get to her. The wait to actually get into the building was 2 hours long, and now she was walking around without knowing how big this place actually is and how long it will take to leave. She felt a building pressure but she ignored it, pushing the sensation aside with the same disdain she had for the plastic skeletons. Telling her bladder “later”, she’ll be out soon.

They entered the Shock Therapy room, where a bloody gurney sat in the middle of the room with a completely bandaged body sat atop it. A lever on the wall flicked down and sparks flew from a machine. Electricity filled the room briefly with crackling noise, the sudden flash and bang made Mel jump. Eve didn't flinch, but the jolt did send a sharp, urgent pang through her core. She subtly shifted her weight from one boot to the other, almost automatically she clenched her thighs together.

"You okay, Eve?" Chloe asked, noticing the movement.

"Perfect," Eve lied, her tone was convincing though. Before moving into the next room she saw the sign that said exit ahead. "Let's move on. I'm sure the finale will be disappointing as well."

The next corridor was pitch black, a long dark hallway with a single doorway with a dim light at the end. It wasn’t just dark because the lights were off either, the walls were painted completely black, creating an illusion of a never ending darkness. Chloe was nearly in tears, unaware it was just a normal hallway, she feared what would be in the dark. Mel held Eve and Chloe’s hands with her eyes mostly closed, only opening them slightly every few seconds.

Eve, however, was now focusing most of her willpower on being able to hold in all the liquid that wanted to come out. Her need to pee had escalated from a nagging urge to demanding need. She could start to feel her bladder throbbing insistencely. Every footstep sent a ripple of pressure through her. Her friends couldn’t move faster, possibly out of fright of what might be in the dark. Even though she wanted to get out of here as fast as possible she was thankful for their slow movements, the small steps allowed her to press her legs together a bit better. But she really needed to pee now, she started thinking, “Almost done, it said exit ahead before, just find the exit, the bathrooms are right outside.”

Finally, they stumbled out of the darkness into the final chamber before the exit. A sign at the top of the door read “Furnace Room." It looked like a dead end. Rusted pipes going up the walls, a single, flickering bulb cast long, dancing shadows. In the corner was the furnace, a fire no longer burned in it however.

"See? Predictable," Eve announced, her voice sounding more and more strained with every word. “One of these walls must have some sort of exit gimmick that opens up once we get close, let’s just get out of here-" The words were barely out of her mouth when the door they had entered through slammed shut with a deafening, final boom. Eve was not expecting that, a first blow to her confidence as she let go briefly. Small rivulets ran down her legs as her purple panties started getting damp. Her heart was now pounding, she tensed up and cut it off but that was only the beginning for her. At the same moment as the door slammed, the single light bulb turned off and the furnace exploded into an inferno, the entire room now was bright in an orange hue.

Chloe and Mel both screamed and closed their eyes hiding behind the struggling, bursting Eve. Eve closed her eyes at the sudden heat from the furnace explosion but she needed to find an exit so she quickly opened them to try looking around, but she saw something else.

Directly in front of her was a shape, a shape of a person, perfectly shadowed from the roaring flames, but this wasn’t like the actors from the other rooms; it was something different. There was an authenticity to it. Her heart was pounding, her legs were shaking, her bladder was quivering, just the sight of this anomaly got her riled up.

A jolt of pure fright electrocuted her system. Her heart hammered against her ribs. She quickly moved backwards pushing past Chloe and Mel until her back hit the wall. Every muscle, including the ones she had been clenching with intense effort went completely limp. Her legs began to fail at the same time as her bladder.

Chloe and Mel opened their eyes at the sudden push against them and saw Eve against the wall, but it’s not all they saw.

The slow trickle started as it ran through her purple panties and down her bent inward knees, creating several rivulets down them and sprinkling onto the floor. Her legs gave out and she slowly slid down the wall as her stream got more violent. A trickle turned to a torrent. Every drop that fell from her could both be seen and heard from her friends as it hissed out through her now drenched panties. She slid down the wall, the back of her short skirt now pressed between her wet panties and the puddle she made. Sitting in the puddle she continued to release until her bladder was completely empty. While she sat on the back of her skirt the front laid down in the puddle as well. The hissing died down back to a slow trickle as she emptied the last drops. She was now sitting in a massive puddle of her own making. Chloe and Mel saw the whole thing.

The furnace died down again to its originally dead empty state, and the light bulb turned on again. Eve was entranced, originally by the entity in the room, but now looking down at her warm mess. She was broken out of it by the laughing fit from Chloe and Mel, their own fear forgotten, utterly enamored by the scene before them, confident Eve was slumped against the wall, her face pale beneath her makeup, a puddle of urine surrounding her on the floor.

The initial shock of humiliation was a hot wave that traveled through her body, making it feel hot, hotter than her legs felt as she utterly pissed herself just then. She just realized what she did and that her scaredy cat friends had just seen it. They never even saw the apparition, they could’ve been in the same boat, but in this instance it was just Eve and they’d never even believe her if she said there was SOMETHING in the room, they just say she was making excuses. She’d never live this down, she thought.

Through the laughs, Eve finally spoke up, “Let’s just leave already!” She started to stand up, more droplets fell from her, dripping into the puddle. Her clothes were completely soaked. Aside from her panties everything was a dark color so it would be hard to tell just by looking, but they were clearly waterlogged otherwise. Her damp skirt stuck to her legs as she felt around her skirt hoping it wouldn’t be completely soaked, unfortunately for her it was and was starting to grow cold.

A slow, wry smile grew on Chloe’s lips, "Well," fighting a giggle fit she said, “Can we consider this a review?” She gestured with a hand at the puddle. “A truely…relieving performance?”

Eve gave a sarcastic laugh, Mel quickly followed up with, “I heard if you piss yourself in here they give you a shirt and take a photo for the website.”

Eve immediately said “No one will ever know about this.” Chloe and Mel glanced at each other, giggling again. Eve reaffirmed them “OR ELSE!” Her sudden booming voice silenced them.

As they made their way to the now opened true exit door Eve thought this wasn’t the worst thing ever. She was Eve, a little or a lot of pee wasn't going to break her. She straightened her corset, tossed her raven-black hair over her shoulder, and with all the pride a sopping wet girl could muster, she walked out the exit door, leaving the asylum, and her dignity, behind in a damp puddle on the floor.

