The “pee holding“ date!

Author: huberp76

*000*2020-10-11 13:28

The first date with a girl in a coffee shop.

The girl was known as a little bit naughty and that she did like to show her great body.

It was late at afternoon as the girl suddenly said “I need to wee! Should i go, or should i hold it?”

The boy was surprised. Never before did a girl asked him such a question.

The girl could not know that the boy did love nothing more than girls desperate to pee.

A few seconds later he realized the question and said short determined “hold it!”

”Okay!” said the girl, short at the same way.

About one hour later they did leave the coffee shop

The girl did not go to the loo before they did leave, they did not even talk about it.

The walked in the city, looked at shop windows and after a while they decided to go to the cinema.

It was more than two hours since the girl said that she would need to wee.

The boy did constantly think on the girls bladder and on her need to wee.

He wanted to know how bad she was needing to pee, but he did not ask her,because he wanted not animate her go.

At the cinema, the girl wanted to go to the loo before they went in.

The boy stopped her and said “hold it!!!”

”Okay!” Said the girl “i am holding it for you .”

The boy did buy two large coke.

“It seams like you want to make me piss my panties” the girl said.

”No i don’t want to make you pee your panties, i just like it if you hold your full bladder, it is hot for me to know that you would need to wee.

You girls get so sexy, if you are desperate to pee .” the boy replied.

”Drink all day, no loo, no wee, how should this work??” asked the girl and smiled.

”Girls can do that and i am sure, you can do that too!” the boy said.

One hour later, the coke cup was empty and the girl whispered in the boy’s ear “ i am needing to wee soooo bad.” and started to kiss him.

Her hand was between the boys thighs and she squeezed his penis.

”Your little friend down there like it that i am full to burst.” she said and squeezed hard.

The boy was horny like hell, he had his hand under her skirt and one finger deep inside her.

He pressed and pushed hard on the girls bladder.

”I piss myself, if you don’t stop that.”said the girl, but was able to hold it.

It was obvious that she was in omorashi and that she did like to hold it and to get tortured.

”You are pretty wet down there.” said the boy, pulled the finger out of her, to let her and him smell on it.

”Yes, i am wet, but not from wee.” she said.

After the cinema they went to a little park. They were sitting on a dark corner on a bench.

The girl wanted to pee beside or behind the bench, she was needing it so bad, but the boy did not let her!

It was more then 4 hours after she told him that she would need to go.

He was made her to sit on his lap. His hands were under her short skirt and pressed on her swollen abdomen.

”Your belly feels totally hard “ he said and did massage it.

”I did drink really much today and did not wee since 7 am, my bladder is stretched and full to burst!” she said .” I need to wee really, really bad!!”

”Did you ever try how long you can hold it and how much you can hold inside you ?” the boy wanted to know.

”No”. said the girl.

“ Should i try that for you?”she asked.

“I would love that!!” answered the boy.

”Okay, I’ll do it at our next date.” she said, while the boy had two of his fingers deep inside her.

”I will hold it for you so long as i can, or better so long until i can’t hold it absolutely anymore.” she said.

*004*2021-12-23 21:24

{{On 12/19/2021 at 9:05 AM, Somenonymous said:

No part 2?

}}

I am glad you like it.

I’ll try to make a second part as soon as possible.

*005*2021-12-24 00:06

Part 2

On the way to the second date with this girl the boy thought to himself all girls go to the toilet before they leave to a date.

Some girls go to the bathroom even though they don’t really need to wee, they do it just for preventive and now he meets a girl, who will have her bladder full from beginning of the date.

It was so new and so hot and arousing at the same time, for the boy.

They met a little bit after noon at a coffee shop in a shopping mall. The boy could not wait to talk with the girl about her bladder and her need to wee. There were so many questions in his head, that he did not know where he should begin.

He said that he was so surprised at their last date as she told him that she would need to wee and he was especially surprised about that she asked him if she should go or if she should wait.

No girl before asked him such a question and he wanted to know if she ever before did hold her wee for a boy.

She said, that she absolutely did not do that and that she did not even know that girls hold their wee, because boys gets turned on if girls need to pee but don’t go.

The only reason, why she asked him if she should wait, was because she did not wanted to let him alone and to let him wait until she had weed.

She is not a kind of girl who go to the loo when she feels just a easy urge, she mostly put it off until it is really necessary, because the feeling of a full bladder is not really bad for her, she told him.

Since she was young, she did notice that she could hold it longer than the other girl in her school. She can’t remember that she went at school outings, but she remember, once late at afternoon all her friends went before leaving, because the bus would not stop until at school. She went straight to the bus, the girls asked if she don’t need to go, she answered that she would need, but she is good in pee holding and she could wait until at home.

The girls were surprised and worried, because the ride did last more than 2 hours.

She told him that it is absolutely new for her be able to turn a boy on with her full bladder. It is absolutely new for her that she gets turned on from making him horny if she is needing to wee but don’t go.

The boy was totally aroused from this talk and wanted to know if she is needing to wee now.

”Pretty bad!” she answered. “Since how long?” he wanted to know.

“Since i waked up in the morning.”she replied. “Does that mean, that you did not wee this morning?” he asked.

“That means, i did not wee since yesterday 10.30 pm.” she said. “You make me crazy, girl!” he said . “How long can you hold it? How long can you bear not to wee?” he wanted to know.

He was so excited and aroused, that he could not think anything other than at the girls bladder, at her need to wee and to make her hold for hours and hours.

”I don’t know how long i am able to hold it and i don’t know how long i can endure not to wee, but i promise you, i try my best!” said the girl and smiled at him.

”Where are we going, what do you want to do, at afternoon, at evening, at night?” asked the boy and smiled back.

*006*2022-01-05 22:35

{{On 10/12/2020 at 12:50 AM, Adrios4795 said:

Awesome! Pleaae, make him holding too

}}

Did you read “A girls new job” there does the boy hold as well.

