Pool boy & Pool girl

Author: huberp76

*000*2023-11-16 23:06

There was a young man, he had enough money for to own a large house in a large yard with a big swimming pool.

Then there was a young student couple who came once or twice a week, for pool care and for gardening.

At one special day, there was more to work than usual and therefore came the couple early in the morning and had to stay all day long until they were ready with their work.

The man was sitting on his garden furniture, read a book and watched the 2 working.

They were a good view for the guy, both had a very slim and sporty body.They wore a T-Shirt, super short shorts and a part of their bellies, between their shirts and the waistband of their shorts, were nude.

They did show a lot of their young, smooth skin and the guy loved to see that.

The man noticed that the boy went sometimes behind the bushes and he did know very well what he was doing there.

“ But what is about the girl, she has not been behind the bushes and she had no opportunity to squat somewhere in the yard. It was already afternoon, her bladder must have been full as well. She must have needed to wee, after so many hours!?” thought the young man and did like this imagination and his little friend in his swimming trunks, did like that too.

It was not common that gardeners get in the house of the customer, not even to use the toilet.

The couple brought their own food and their own drinks for the day and they had their lunch on a bank in the yard. Sure that they did drink again and again from the bottle during their work.

The guy could not stop to think at the girls full bladder and for his sadistic joy and pleasure, he wanted to make her bladder fuller, he wanted to increase the girls urge and her need to wee.

He wanted to see what she would do when it gets very, very urgently for her and how long she would hold it before she gets desperate enough to ask for the loo.

Therefore he invited them for coffee and cake and for some large drinks with ice at the garden furniture.

The girl was sitting with her sexy, young legs crossed and her thighs pressed together.

The man did know very well why she was doing it.

The boy knew it as well, because as he went to the bushes she told him that she would need to wee as well, but he just told her that she had to hold it because she could not squat here anywhere in view of the man.

They did not want to loose much time for the coffee break and so they started to work again after about 20 minutes.

The coffee did what the man wanted that it should do, he filled the already full bladder of the poor girl even more.

After a while went the boy again behind the bushes and again told him the girl that she would need to do the same, already very urgently and again he told her to hold it, like girls use to do that, if they get no chance to go.

Absolutely arousing for the guy that situation and the knowledge that the girl was needing to wee since hours and to see her often stand with her sexy, naked legs tight crossed.

It was visible that she was needing to wee very urgently, but she still did not ask for permission to use the guy’s toilet.

“Gardener girls have to have a strong bladder” thought the guy full of lust and went to the girl, for a talk.

He was now very close at her and could see that her bladder was so much overfilled, that it was bulging out a little bit from her flat, light muscular lower abdomen.

To see the contours of the girls bladder in her slim belly and to imagine how much hot girl wee she is holding inside her, made him absolutely horny.

He went back to the garden bank and watched how she suppressed her strong urge and how she crossed sometimes her sexy legs.

She was working with her very full bladder until they were ready and did not ask for a loo.

Early at evening they were ready with their work, they were again sitting at the garden furniture for a last drink and for to make the bill.

For the girl was it already difficult, nearly impossible, to hide her need. Like at the afternoon she was sitting with her legs tight crossed.

She had so much pressure in her overstretched bladder that it was a little help for her to press her thighs together and to squeeze her young pussy tight, to make it a little bit easier for her to hold the wee from all the day inside her and to prevent to wet her panties and her little shorts.

She was needing to wee so bad, but she still did not ask for the toilet, or was she not allowed to ask? Was she not allowed to use the guy’s toilet?

The guy did like to see her suffer and was already so horny that he wanted to talk about her need and about her full bladder.

”Are you feeling well? You are so restless, are you ailing?” asked the guy simulated worried, but knowing very well that she was suffering about her painful full bladder.

Before the girl was able to answer, said the boy “it is everything all right with her, she just would need to wee very urgently, but that is not a big problem, she can hold it.”

”Oh you poor, did you not go all day?” he asked her, with a boner in his swimming trunks and full of horniness.

”I did not go since in the morning at home,” answered the girl and hoped for mercy and hoped that the man would offer her his toilet.

But before the guy could say something, was it again the boy who started to speak.

”Gardener girls have to have a strong bladder, because the girls have all the problem, that they have to squat for to pee and if they don’t get some shelter, they can’t squat, then they have to hold it.

If it is necessary all day long , but don’t worry, she is old enough to control her bladder and her stupid urge to pee.“said the boy.

The guy did not know what to answer, on one hand he wanted that the girl had to hold it longer and one the other hand he wanted to offer her his toilet, because he wanted to lead her inside for to listen her piss with full power and high pressure, when he was waiting in front of the toilet door for her.

They would leave in a few minutes, he could not watch her much longer hold it, it would be better for him and for his horniness to listen her piss. He wanted to hear the loud hissing sound and he wanted to know how long she would piss, after holding it for so long.

He had to be a gentle man as well and therefore he asked if she would like to use his toilet, if it is really already so bad.

Again stated the boy to speak “ no she will not go, she will hold it until at home, it is a unwritten rule and low, that we NEVER use our costumes toilet, she will have to hold it! She is no more a little girl!“ said the boy who pissed minimum three times behind the bushes during the day and had a nearly empty bladder.

”Is that not a little bit rude don’t let her pee, if she is needing it so bad?” ask the guy.

The girl was sitting beside the 2 guy’s and they did talk about her, about her bodily needs and about her bladder, as if she would not be there.

They decide over her body and about when she will be allowed to pee, or how long she will have to hold it.

”That is absolutely not rude, she is needing to go since many hours, there will be one, or two more hours not deciding for to break our rules, she will hold it and she can hold and it will be a good training for her as well!”answered the boy.

It was nearly unbelievable, that girl had to piss so mighty urgently, her bladder was painfully stretched to oversize, her bladder was already so big that it has to bulging out, because she had not enough room in her slim abdomen and although she was not allowed to go to the toilet and although she was not allowed to do a much needed wee before they did leave.

The man did read sometimes experiences and stories where girls were not allowed to pee, were girls had to hold their urine for extreme long periods of time, where they gets their overfilled bladders tortured and where they was getting punished if they did wet their panties, or where they pissed themselves, but he did never did live something like that in reality.

The circumstance, that the girl was needing to wee so bad, that the boy did not give her permission to use his toilet, that she was not allowed to wee before they were leaving and that she would be forced to hold it until at home, made him totally horny.

He did try to hide his horniness and his sadism for desperate girls so good as any possible. He wanted that they did not notice how much it was turning him on.

He did love it, that the girl had to get in the car with her bladder big as a soccer ball and he did know now very well that the boy would not let her go and therefore he could act the good man and so he said to the boy, in front of the the girl „ I think you should let her wee, she is needing it so bad and she did hold it already for so long.She will wet her panties and your car on the way home, if you don’t let her wee.“

“Rules are rules, she will not wet her panties, she should cross her legs and hold it!“ answered the boy.

The guy went with the couple together to their car, the girl was walking with rubbing knees and and with her naked thighs pressed together, the 2 guy’s did love to see that.

They did not talk about it, but they were sure about each other, that they both love girls desperate to pee.

They were already sitting in the car as the man said “ until next week, i wish you a good journey and for you, he pointed to the girl, i hope that there will not be a traffic jam or a accident on the motorway.”

The girl was rolling her eyes and tried to smile.

The boy was excited to spend one more hour, with his bursting full girl in the car and to watch her fight against her unbearable need to pee.

I think both of them, wished that there would be an accident on the motorway, to force the poor girl to hold it longer, much longer!!!

And i think that the man would have loved to sit at the backseat!!!

I would love that as well, i would love to see what a gardener girl can endure, before she piss herself , or before she get crazy from needing to wee so unbelievable and unbearable bad!!

*001*2023-11-20 18:34

The guy lay at his pool and was still turned on very much about that great arousing afternoon and about the pool girl.

He thought at her sexy, gorgeous, young, slim body, at her bladder swollen belly, at her crossed legs, about how she was rubbing her knees and how she pressed her thighs together on the way to their car.

It was arousing for him that the girl was needing to wee so very bad and that the boy didn’t let her go. He was impressed that he was able to deny her to go and that she did let him deny her to relieve herself.

She had to ask him for permission to wee and she was getting denied. It was like in the books what the man did like to read.

Books where girls were needing to wee extreme badly but were not allowed to go.

He always loved scenarios like that and they made him absolutely horny.

He could not believe that he had to day such a experience in reality, at his own home and with a young, pretty girl.

He did think about to find another opportunity to let them work again for one entire day for him.

Wouldn’t he again let her wee, would she again have to hold her urine until she gets permission to piss at home? Asked the man himself.

It was a little bit longer than one hour since they left and he could still not think anything other than at pee holding girl and on her full bladder.

„Have that tasty chick already pissed, or does she still have to hold it?“ he asked himself.

He wished that she still had to hold it and at the same moment called the pool boy.

“ I have a big problem, i should have listened to you, i should have let her use your toilet before leaving.

We are standing already for nearly one hour on the motorway, because of a car accident and the radio said that it will last minimum one more hour until we can go on.

My girl is frantic for to pee, she is nearly doing it in her panties and on my seat. She says that she can’t hold it much longer and that it hurts her so much, but i have nothing in my car, where she could pee in and on the other hand, she can’t get out to squat for to pee, in front of all the people.

I think there will be no other way for her than to hold it, how bad it ever will get and even when her bladder will burst.

I am just telling it to you, because you was right, i should have let her wee before leaving, then i would not have this problem with her.

Next time i‘ll do that, next time i let her go, but now i really don’t know what i should do her.

She is near to tears, her bladder is becoming already so big and so hard as a bowling ball, but she can’t go, she still have to hold for 1 1/2 hours.

Can it happen that her bladder burst if it is so overfilled and if she has to hold it for so much longer?“ asked the boy.

The man was so much turned on about that message, that it was difficult for him to find the right words.

He lied and said „ i am sooo sorry that your girl has to suffer so bad, but you don’t have to be afraid, her bladder will never burst, your girl will long before that would happen, wet her panties and your seat.“

“Sorry for my call, but i am really afraid about her.

I don’t know what is wrong with her today, usually she can hold it on long work days from early morning until late evening, without big problems.

Maybe it is because you have been so kindly to her, you did give her extra large drinks and i have seen that she got 2 big coffee‘s too from you, maybe that was to much for a girl who did not wee all day long and who had her bladder full since hours before.“ said the boy.

The boy did that call for purpose, because he wanted to turn this guy on, he wanted to make him horny that way, because he did know very well that he did love girls desperate to wee very much.

He have noticed that he watched videos about desperate girls and that he did read omorashi stories on his laptop, when he was sitting on his garden furniture and he did notice how he was aroused about his girls need to wee and how he was getting horny about it.

The guy on the other hand did not know that the boy knew it and he did not know that the young couple was in sadomasochistic.

The boy did love it to torture his girl, especially her bladder. He did love to make her hold her wee for a unbelievable long period of time.

She always have to ask for permission to go to the toilet and many times he don’t let her go, even her bladder is already swollen and full to double size.

The girl on the other hand, like it to be made to hold and to get denied to go to the loo, especially if she would need to go already very urgently.

She did like that situation at this evening where she was needing to wee very bad and her friend did not let her, she did like that the guy watched that and that he was getting horny about it.

She could see his hard penis in his swimming trunks, just from knowing that she was needing to wee, but was not allowed to go and from seeing her bulging bladder.

The girl was painhorny, especially about bladder pain, she did like to feel the pain of her bursting full bladder and she did love to get her bladder tortured.

The couple wanted to use that guy for their sadomasochistic games for their extra fun and maybe for to earn a little money.

Maybe the girl could get some money for holding her wee and for let him her bladder torture.

The boy said „Thank you for the talk, you really did help me to calm down.“

The man answered „I am glad that i could help you a little and your tell me next week how your journey was going on.“

In reality he wanted to hear how and how much the girl had to suffer and he wanted to know if she was able to keep her panties and his car seat dry.

By the way, the name of the girl is Kate and the boy’s name is Peter.

Peter, who loves nothing more than girls desperate to wee and bursting full girl bladders!!!“

*002*2023-11-21 19:49

One week later came the young couple to the man fore the usually, weekly pool and garden work.

“Did your car seat stay dry, last week at your way home?“ wanted the guy know.

“How much longer did you have to wait on the motorway?“ he asked lust full, in reality he was not interested at how long the boy had to wait, he wanted to know how much longer the girl had to hold her so much overfilled bladder.

“We had to wait for more than one hour longer at the motorway, but Kate was so strong and brave, she was able to keep her panties and my seat dry, but then at home, as soon as she was sitting on the toilet seat, i think that she was not even sitting, was it bursting out of her, that i thought this high pressure piss jet will rip her little peehole inside her girl slit.

But i think you like it that Kate had to hold her wee for so long and that she was full to burst and had to suffer so much!!??”asked Peter.

„Why do you think that? We did never before talk about it.“ asked the man.

“If i am honest, i saw that you watched omorashi on your laptop sometimes and last week, i noticed that you was absolutely aroused about, that Kate was needing to wee urgently, but i did not let her go.

That is not bad, i love that too, because girls are so sexy when they are desperate to pee and it is turning on so much to watch them hold and fight.” answered Peter.

”I am honest as well, it was turning me on very much, to know that Kate did not wee all day and that she was needing to go very badly and it was turning me on even more, that you did not let her go.” said the guy.

”I did know very well, that you gave her for purpose two large drinks and two big coffees, you did know very well that she was already needing to wee and that her bladder was very full, but you wanted to see her desperate and you wanted to make her begging with crossed legs for to use your toilet.

I did like that as well and i did know that it would get very hard for her, not to wee since early morning and to drink so much.

I wanted to see how she will deal with that and therefore i decided not let her go to the toilet before leaving. I think you did like that as well!!?

The accident on the motorway brought her to her limit, she was frantic and her bladder was hard as a rock.” said Peter.

”Yes, you are absolutely right, i wanted to see how long it will last until she gets so desperate that she will ask for the toilet.

But sorry, it is not right to talk like that about your girl.” said the man.

”That is absolutely okay, you don’t have to be sorry, i like that talk and i make you an offer. We make a date for us three, where Kate will be not allowed to go to the toilet.

We make her hold and we don’t let her piss, until she absolutely can’t anymore, until she absolutely can’t any longer. Would you like that?” asked Peter.

”I would love it!!!

Your girl is such a beautiful, young girl, with such a gorgeous body, with perfect, sexy legs and it is bad, but yes, i would love to see her desperate, but how will you do that?

Would she do that for money, or would she do it just for you?” asked the man.

”She will do it for both of us, but money is not really important, if you want, you can bay the double price as for gardening, that will be not to much for a young girls poor bladder full to explode, or?

And how will we do it, i don’t know it exactly, but i imagine that we will come after a long working day to you, because of some troubles with the water pump of your pool. Kate will not know about that extra stop.

I don’t let her wee during the day, she is holding a full bladder in her slim belly and is hoping to can take a wee very soon at home, but then i tell her about your pump and that it will not last very long.

It really don’t last very long, but then my car will not start running, i can’t use my car and the garages have already closed, they will open not until next morning.

You have a large house, with many rooms, you offer that we can stay overnight.

I agree thankfully, but there is only one problem, ( great joy and pleasure ), Kate can’t wee, because of our rules, not to use a customers toilet.

Her bladder is full, but she is not allowed to wee before sleeping, she is not allowed to wee in the morning before breakfast, she is not allowed to wee at all, she HAS to hold it, her bladder has to expand and to stretch to double size or bigger, to contain all the urine from so many hours.

Would that be great for you? For me it would!!” said Peter.

Peter did not want to tell him about the masochism of his girl, not about that she does like it to made hold and to get her bladder tortured, even it hurts her.

The first plan is that Kate is begging for a much needed wee, she tells them how bad she would need to go, how long she is already holding, but no matter how she is begging, she is getting denied from Peter, because he like that and he wanted to see the reaction of the man. He wanted to see if he gets horny because she gets forced to hold it and to suppress her urgently need, or if he has pity with her.

After a while, late evening, early night, Peter tells him the truth, he will tell him that his girl loves it to hold her wee and to get forced to hold it until a for her bearable level and he would allow the man , to touch his girl and to press and push on her bladder.

”For me it would be more than great!!” said the man.

“How long was the longest period of time she was holding? Do you know how much wee she can maximum hold?” asked the guy.

*003*2023-11-24 14:03

Peter did know very well the longest pee holding time from his girl, he did know exactly the longest time she was able to endure without to wee and he did know how much urine she could maximal get in her bladder, her maximum bladder capacity, but he did not wanted tell it to the man.

He did not want that it seems like he had already tested her holding performance, he wanted that it was all more natural and therefore he said “I know that Kate is really, really good in pee holding, she has a very good bladder control and a very strong bladder, but i don’t know exactly her specifications, but we can test her holding ability together at that evening in a threesome.”

Like they talked, they met next week for the project “ make Kate hold until she can’t anymore.”

They did choose a day where they didn’t work at the next day, for to have time enough for to torture the poor girls bladder.

The couple came late afternoon to the man.

Kate was sitting in the garden with the guy and was waiting for Peter who did care about the water pump.

Not even 5 minutes later he was back and told them that there was nothing broken, it was just a fuse.

After a drink, they did leave and went to the car.

Then played the two men their game.

The engine did not start.The garage had already closed.

The guy offered the couple to stay for overnight and the boy accepted thankfully.

They had a little dinner together before they went to sleep early.

”It is embarrassing for me, but may i use your toilet please before sleeping.” asked the young girl and crossed her sexy legs to demonstrate the urgency.

”Sure you may! Did you poor again had to hold it all day ?” asked the guy, full aroused.

” I did not wee since 7 am before we left in morning.” answered the girl and was standing with her knees rubbing.

“You may not use our customers toilets, we never break our rules, you will hold your wee and you will suppress your urge, you are a big girl and old enough to control your bodily needs.”said Peter.

”Oh no, i can’t hold it until tomorrow, i am needing to wee since so long, it is already so urgently , please let me go to the toilet, let me wee, i needing it so bad.” said the young girl, pressed both hands in her crotch and crossed her sexy, naked thighs over it.

She was bending over and looked with begging eyes to her boy.

”You will not go now, you will not go before sleeping and i think you will still have to hold it tomorrow morning.”said Peter.

”Fill your bladder, let it get full, very , very full, it will be a good training for you. A good training for long working days, where you can’t go, when you have no opportunities.”continued the boy.

The man did show them their room and said to the boy “ she earns money during she sleeps, or better, her bladder earns the money for her and i have to pay her for to sleep, i never have done that before, but i love it, it is the best investment that i can imagine.”

“Can she really stand not to pee until tomorrow? I can see that her shaped belly is already a little bit swollen from her full bladder.” said the guy.

”Sure she can stand it, because she has to stand it, i don’t let her piss, no matter how bad she will need it.You will see it tomorrow morning, her belly will be much more swollen than now.”answered Peter.

The girl was waiting until the two men were ready with whispering. She was standing on one leg, the other was lifted and one of her sexy, bare thigh was pressed over the other.

”I need to wee so bad, let me go to the toilet.” she was begging again.

”No! No exceptions, we don’t use the toilets is our customer and stop to whine now. replied Peter.

”That is not fair, i have seen you piss before behind the bushes. If you don’t let me use the toilet, then let leastwise go in the garden.” was Kate wailing.

”Girls are needing to wee as well, girls bladders get full too, girls bladders have a limit and the endurance to hold it, has as well a limit!! Can’t you understand that?” she continued.

”Maybe that it is not fair, but I don’t bear the blame on me that you are a girl.

Girls Aare born to hold, girls are made to hold their urine, because they have to pull their panties down under their knees and they have to squat for to piss.

They have to show their pussy every one who wants to see it, when they want to relive themselves.

Therefore they have to hold it and you will have to hold it as well now , because you are a girl and believe me, you have long not reached your limit, you will see it and you will feel it, tomorrow noon.”said Peter.

*004*2023-11-25 14:00

Peter played a double game, one game with the host and another game with his girl.

The couple did like it to turn the guy on and they did like it, that they were able to turn him on.

The young man was so aroused about that the girl did not wee only once all day long. To know that she was needing to go so urgently, but was not allowed to go to the bathroom, made him absolutely horny.

There was not a really reason why she was not allowed to do a much needed wee, the only reason was to torture her and her “sextoy”in her abdomen.

A full girl bladder can be for some men more arousing than anything else.

It was so exciting for host to have that girl with a so much overfilled bladder in his house. He couldn’t wait until tomorrow, until to see her desperate to pee.

There would have been just one thing what could have increased his horniness more ,to wit when he could have that two young bodies in his own bed for to night.

Peter had now the answer of his question, the guy had not even a little mercy with Kate, he did not beg him to let her use his toilet, he did not say that i should let her wee.

On the contrary, he was getting more horny about that she had to go to sleep with her bladder full from 15 hours and that she had to hold it over the night and maybe after that much longer .

Kate on the other hand was a little bit worried about her already very strong urge and her so very full bladder, that she had doubts that she would not be able to hold it back until tomorrow.

She did know that Peter would not let her go to the toilet and it would have been a shame to be weak in front of the guy and to disappoint him, if she could not do anything other than to piss somewhere, in a flower vase, or somewhere else, during the night.

Even if she would be strong enough to endure the pressure and the pain until the morning, the guy would not have much fun and joy with her, because he would not see her suffer and he wanted to see her suffer the worst need to wee, what he could imagine.

They wanted to make a great experience for him and for themselves, therefore they were here that night and therefore they had to have another idea, than go to sleep now.

The man was still sitting in his living room, he did think to himself “ how long will that girl be able to suppress her bodily needs, how long will she be able to hold a wee back? Until tomorrow morning? Noon? Or longer? How will she do it? How will she act?

At the same moment cam the young couple to him in the living room. They did wear nothing else except their undies.

Kate did not even wear a bra, her small, but firm and very well shaped breast were bare, her super slim, sporty body was totally naked, except her little girl panties.

Her full bladder was visible between her hipbones, over her pubic bone up to her sweet belly button.

She was gorgeous and absolutely a dream for someone who loves very slim, sporty and boyish girls.

The boy was great too. He was slim, his body was perfect shaped and he was sexy as well even for someone who is hetero.

The nearly naked couple did take place on the sofa beside the guy. The man was sitting in the middle of them, the boy at one side, the girl at the other.

The guy did also wear just swimming trunks and a T-shirt. The two were so close to him that he could feel the bare skin of their thighs on the skin of his own thighs.

He did not know what happens, he could not understand what they were doing with him.

He was so horny, his penis was hard as a bone, he wanted nothing more than to have sex with girl, maybe the boy as well, but Kate was not a whore and Peter not a pimp.

Peter started to explain their sadomasochistic relation and told him that he loves it to torture his girl, especially her bladder and that Kate loves it to get tortured and to get dominate and made to be hold her wee and is not allowed to use the toilet if she would need it.

She always has to ask for to go to the toilet and for permission to relieve herself.

He controls her bodily needs and sometimes he makes her hold her wee for extreme long periods of time.

Peter told him, that they did their “lust plays“until now for their own, but they have noticed that he was as well in omorashi and that he was getting horny, when Kate was needing to wee so bad and was not allowed to go.

They thought that he is such a sympathetic guy and it will be great to try their lust and their fetish in a threesome.

The young man is very successful at his job, but is totally unversed in sadomasochistic and sex with more than one person.

He did not know what to say at the moment, but it was for him like a dream was coming true.

Peter explained further “ I’ll share my girl with you, you can do whatever you want with her, you can torture her bladder, you can press and push in her stomach and on her overfilled bladder , you can touch her wherever you want, you can push your fingers in all the holes of her thin body, but i won’t let you fuck her!!

She is my girl and i am the only one who fuck her!! Will that be okay for you?”

”I would love it!” was all that the man knew to say.

”We will love it too!” said Peter, did take the hand of the guy, putted it on the bare, swollen belly of the girl and pressed with the guy’s hand hard on the girls bladder.

”She is needing that!!! Torture her!!! Push on her full pee ball!” continued Peter.

”Not to hard please, have mercy with a young, helpless, poor girl, don’t torture me too hard, you two sadists.”was Katy begging and rolled her eyes.

*005*2023-11-26 22:28

The guy pressed softly on the girls bladder until she moaned because of her strong urge.

He pressed harder and harder to make her more and more whine.

Then he glided with his hand down to her upper thighs and caressed the inside of her thighs from her knees until up to her little panties.

He always wanted to do that when he saw her at work in the garden, he always wanted to touch her slim, smooth thighs and he wanted to touch that between her thighs.

“Can we go to your sleeping room!?“ asked Peter. „It will be more comfortable to lay in the bed than here on the sofa.“he said.

The two guys united them against the girl. They had the same goal, they wanted to make Kate hold her wee until she can’t absolutely no more, until she can hold it back no longer, not even one second longer.

What is the holding limit of a girl?

Is her limit if she can no other than to piss herself, or is it her limit when she can’t endure the pain anymore?

For that question wanted the two guys find the answer at the next hours.

The young man was in his best age, he was horny like hell and he did learn very fast to deal with that situation.

Kate was laying on her back in the middle of the large bed. Her arms were over her head, she did not shelter herself, it was like she did invite the guys to use her body for whatever they wanted.

The man was so much impressed and so much turned on about the girls young, gorgeous body. About her small, firm breasts, about her slender, sexy legs and about her flat, shaped abdomen, where her full bladder was light, but visible bulging out.

To see her swollen bladder so clearly in her belly, made him nearly crazy.

It didn’t take a long time until he caressed that young girl on every inch of her body and it didn’t take a long time until he had his fingers deep inside her.

After a very short time, it was absolutely normal for him to lay with a girl and a boy, meanwhile all of them totally naked, in his large bed.

It was so new for Kate that another man had his fingers in her pussy and that another man was torturing and massaging her full bladder.

It was also new and strange for Peter, to see that another man’s finger in his girls slit.

It was new for all of them, but it was arousing at the same time for all of them.

The young man was simply not to stop, he pushed, pressed and poked at the girl’s bladder, just to make her moan and whine from her need to wee so bad and just to increase her urge and her need. He could not get enough of it!

He pressed his body against hers, it did feel soooooo good, to feel the young girl’s body against his own body.

That was it, what he wanted to do since so long, that’s what he wanted to do since he saw that sexy, tasty chick the first time.

Peter pressed his bare body against the guys body, he did like that for him very new feeling and the guy did like it as well.

It was so new, for all of them, but so horny in the same way for all.

Peter was the only one who did think with his brain and not with his cock and said „ if we want to bring Kate to the limit of her endurance, then we should stop that now before we cum. We should try to sleep, we should wait until tomorrow, until Kate‘s bladder is getting fuller and bigger.

“Oh no, don’t make me hold it through the night. You two can do what ever you want with me, but do it now please and then let me finally piss, i am needing it so bad and so urgently .“said the girl.

“We don’t let you piss now and we don’t let you piss tomorrow in the the morning!

We should sleep now, it is already late, it is over midnight.“ said Peter.

“After midnight, do you two know what that means, that means that i did not wee since more than 17 hours. What do you think how much longer i can hold it?“ said the girl.

“We don’t know, but we hope that you will show it us!“ answered the guy.

They switched off the lights, they did take the slim naked girl between them and tried to sleep.

It was not so easy, the boys couldn’t sleep because of their horniness and the girl could not sleep because of her very full bladder and her strong need to wee.

“I need to wee, i need to wee, i need to wee so bad, i will wet the bed, if you don’t let me go.“ whispered the girl.

“Shut up and hold it!“ said Peter.

*006*2023-11-27 21:56

The girl did not wee even one drop, since more than 17 hours. Her bladder was full and her urge to urinate was very strong, but the two men did not let her go to the toilet, they did not let her wee, although she would have needed it so urgently and so badly.

The guy was so horny, he could not resist to use the situation to pressed once more on and in the girls lower abdomen before they were sleeping.

Full of lust, he could feel , her full bladder. It was firm, but not extreme hard, more than a soft ball.

The girl moaned, but did let him do it. „If you don’t stop that, you don’t have to wait until tomorrow, until your bed gets wet.“she said and pressed her thighs together.

“We should sleep!!“ claimed Peter.

Although horniness and pee need, were they able to sleep until 7.30 am.

”I am full to burst, my bladder is about to explode! Can i go now?” asked Kate.

”Sure you can go ! You can go to the kitchen, to make a good breakfast for us 3.” said Peter.

Kate did not ask again, because she did know it very well that they wouldn’t let her wee, they wanted to see her suffer and that was it what she was already doing very bad.

No wonder, Peter did not let her pee, since longer than 24 hours.

The girl was still lying in the middle of the two guys.

The host noticed that her bladder was bigger and visible more bulging out of her sexy, shaped belly, than yesterday.

Again he could not resist to press first softly, then harder and harder on her bladder, so hard until she was moaning.

He could feel that her urine tank was more firm and more hard, than at evening.

There must be a lot more wee inside, than before they went to sleep! How much bigger can that thing in her belly get, how much more can it stretch? How much longer can she hold it? Though the guy to himself.

” You know that i love to see your horny, little pussy, but pull on your panties before you go to the kitchen.

Your white, little panties will show us if you are leaking, like a naughty girl, or if you are holding it dry, like a good girl.” said Peter.

Kate did get out of the bed, pulled her panties on and walked with small steps and her thighs pressed together to the kitchen.

The guy’s did stay for some more minutes in the bed. They were still naked and Peter had one of his things over the abdomen of the guy.

Their bodies touched each other, it was so new for both of them, but very erotic in the same way.

After a while they went to the kitchen and saw how Kate was standing with rubbing knees, crossed legs and bending over, to prepare breakfast.

They did help her to get the breakfast ready and went to the garden furniture.

”Before we start to eat, i have to go behind the bushes, i have not been there since we arrived yesterday and it is already very urgently.” said Peter.

”How bad can guys be?? How bad and how evil can they get?” asked the girl.

”My bladder is full to burst, i am needing to wee like crazy, but i am not allowed to go and you go simply behind the bushes.

”You are a girl, cross your legs and hold it! I think we will spend a nice day together.” said Peter, looked to the guy and went behind the bushes.

*007*2023-11-28 19:19

„Sorry, but i have to piss as well before breakfast, i did also not go before sleeping, yesterday .” said the man and went to his bathroom.

”And what is about me? I have not weed since yesterday morning, i went to sleep with my bladder full from all day and you still don’t let me go!” said Kate.

”You are a big girl, you can hold it! Girls can do that!” answered the guy sarcastic, just to tease her.

”Why are all guys want to make us girls hold our wee, why do you guys like to see us suffer from needing to loo so urgently?” asked the girl.

”Peter and me absolutely love that, but why do you like to have your bladder full?” asked the guy.

They were already ready with their breakfast, they brought the dishes in the kitchen and went to the pool for relaxing.

They were laying again with the girl in the middle of them.

The two guys caressed her young, slim and very smooth body.

She could feel their hands on every parts of her body. Peter kissed her and the man leaked her thighs and her belly and could not resist to press his lips hard on her overfilled bladder.

He loved it so much to see her bladder, to feel her bladder and to hear her moan about her strong urge to urinate, when he pressed his lips hard on her swollen bladder.

They did love to feel each other’s body and to lay side by side and over each other.

”You still did not answer my question “why do you like it to have your bladder full?” asked the guy that girl.

”I like that feeling of my full bladder since i went to school.

I like it need to go but don’t go.

I never went to a toilet at school, not even when it was very urgently. I did love to suppress my urge until at home and sometimes i did hold it at home for hours longer.

I tortured my bladder, i did take a pillow in my bed and pressed my very, very full bladder against the pillow, to increase my urge and my need.

It was like my bladder should get punished for something, like my bladder was not a part of my own body.

This thing in my belly should have get tortured for my sexual lust.

I did and i do love challenge my bladder and to bring myself in situations where i had no chance for a toilet.

Sometimes i went with girls to a shopping mall after school , with my bladder full from the day and a strong urge, i did stay with them for hours and distended my holding time that way.

You know that i am maso and therefore it is a especially turning on for me, need to pee, but denied to go, forced to hold, even it is already painful.

Now you know all about me, are you satisfied now.“ asked Kare.

“Yes i am very satisfied, you are a great girl, i think that Peter will be lucky and happy to have a girl like you.“answered the man.

Peter had now two opportunities, he could fuck his girl in front of the guy, he could fuck her on her 26 hours full bladder, or he could make her hold until her absolutely limit, but then she would no more be able to get fucked, because she would need to pee so extreme urgently, that she would piss as soon as she would uncross and unknot her sexy legs.

Peter decided to make her hold, he wanted to show his new friend, what his girl is able to endure and how long she could last without to wee.

One hour later, was the breakfast coffee and the orange juice already in the girls bladder. She was visibly suffering, she pressed her knees together as hard as she could and she crossed her legs, as tight as she could.

“ Is it that bad?“ asked Peter and did love to see his girl near to burst.

“You two can not even nearly imagine how it feels not to pee for 27 hours and you can’t imagine how painful that is and how much a bladder can hurt, if it is so much overfilled and overstretched.“ answered Kate.

One hour later, she said „ sorry, it’s getting unbearable, i have to pee now, i can’t no longer.“

The guys did help her to calm down, they caressed her tenderly, they kissed her and leaked every inch of her smooth skin.

The man said „ hold it, you are doing it so good, you are such a good girl, hold it.“

“Okay, one more hour, then i have to let it out before my bladder will burst.“ replied the girl.

“One hour will be not enough, you get a minimum time, you have to hold it minimum 3 more hours, then you did hold it exactly 30 hours, then you can piss, but not one second earlier.

You will hold it, no matter how bad it will get.“ said Peter.

“Absolutely impossible, i can’t stand that, i can’t bear up for so long, i can’t endure it.“ said the girl.

“You will endure it, because you have to endure it, or would 33 hours sounds better.“ said Peter.

*008*2023-12-01 00:30

„I need to wee so very, very bad. Look how big my bladder is, feel how hard it is, but be careful, don’t push it, don’t press to hard.

There will be not even one girl in the whole world who can endure not to pee for 33 hours and i will not be able to hold it for 30 hours.“said the girl.

Let me to the toilet, or behind the bushes, don’t torture me more and longer than i am able to stand it.

“Sure, there are girls who can hold it that long, I did read in my favorite books, there are girls who can hold back their wee for 2 days in their ultra strong bladders.

They can endure not to piss even once in 48 hours.

“On that books they can write unrealistic stories, with unrealistic long holding times, but do you, or one of your friends, know one of the girls?“ asked Kate a little bit angry.

She wants to be the heroine and the supergirl, who is able to hold it the longest and not one of the fictional girl in those sadomasochistic books.

They were quiet for some minutes, after that conversation and lay side by side without to move.

A little later they started to caress her, they were tender to her and admired her for her bladder control and her for her great holding performance.

“Oh my god, that is so painful not to wee for so long, my poor bladder is hurting so much, i can’t imagine to bear up, two more hours.“ said the girl and pressed both hands between her super sexy thighs and crossed them over her hands.

It was so new and so much turning on for the the man. Until then, he did just read about girls who were needing to wee extreme urgently and about girls who were not allowed to go to the toilet for one day or for longer and now his dream became reality.

Now he was laying beside a beautiful girl, who was full to burst and had a bladder overfilled to explode and bulging out of her.

He was so horny about it, but on the other hand, he realized a little different between imagination and reality.

At his imaginations, he had no limits to torture the girls and their bladders, but in reality, he had sometimes a little pity with Kate, when he could see the pain in her cute face.

“Last time, you asked me about Kate‘s technical characteristics. Her maximal bladder capacity until now was 1.200 ml and her longest holding time was 27 hours.

I made her sometimes hold over 24 hours, but she could nerv endure longer than 27 hours, but maybe we make her break her record today!!??“ said Peter.

“We should go to the kitchen for a little snack.“ said the host.

They went all three in the kitchen and it was so much arousing to watch the girl standing and she fighting to keep her little panties dry.

Her leg crossing, the knee rubbing and the hand between the girls thighs, made him forget to have pity with her, there was nothing else than totally horniness.

He could no other than to go behind her and to press with two hands on her bladder.

“Is it that what you read in your books, to torture a poor girl’s bladder when she is already in ecstasy from needing to wee so bad, to press and to push on it, to make her need worse?“ asked Kate.

“Yes that is it what i read and that is it what i love more than anything else .“ he answered.

“Then do it!!!

My bladder is in fact mighty big, it is hard and heavy and it hurts when when i move just a little bit, but Peter knows it, i love that kind of pain, so have no mercy, push it, press on it, torture that stupid thing in my belly, hurt me really, really bad, my bladder will have to endure that!!“ said the young girl.

*009*2023-12-01 21:12

The guy was in his heaven, he was on the goal of his dreams, he never thought that he would get a chance to be together with a girl who did not wee for nearly 30 hours.

He never thought that he would be able to touch and massage a girls so much overfilled bladder.

Peter did like to see how his poor girl was getting tortured, it was turning him on very much!!

Would he get turned on as well, to see it if she would have sex with him???

After she did let him torture her, after some long minutes of moaning, whining and squirming, was Kate begging to go back to the pool.

She told them that she would try to hold it 2 more hours, but that it would be easier for her when she can lay on the ground.

It was getting more and more difficult for the girl to hold that large amount of urine, with so much pressure in her hurting, overstretched bladder , but she was willing to stand it for 30 hours, no matter how bad it will get.

30 hours was now a goal for herself and she wanted to show to the boys her super peeholding performance and her unbelievable bladder control and she did like it to make them horny that way.

The contours of her bladder were visible between her hipbones and from her pubic bone up to her belly button.

The slim, perfect body of the young girl was so sexy for the guys and it became even more sexy because of the moves she did , caused of to suppress and fight against her unbearable bodily needs.

The girl felt permanently 4 men hands on her gorgeous body. She was getting caressed, kissed and touched at every parts of her body.

The boys went to the water, but the girl was not allowed to go in the pool, her panties had to stay dry, from outside and even more from inside.

It was already 1.30 pm, as the boys came out of the pool.

Kate was laying on her side and had her knees up to her chin, to give her bladder more room.

She had not weed since nearly 31 hours as she told the boys that she would piss her panties right there, if they would still not let her go to the toilet.

The boys could see that she was at her absolutely limit of endurance.

She had one hand inside her panties and pressed one finger directly on her peehole, she was trembling and shaking with all her body.

The boys did know now very well, that she would have pissed herself, if they wouldn’t let her go now and therefore they wanted to escort her to the bathroom.

Sure that they wanted to watch her piss and sure that she had to piss in a measuring cup.

They wanted to see it jetting out of her and they wanted to see how much she was able to hold in her bladder.

There was only one problem, Kate could no more walk, she could not even stand straight and upright.

She did try to make steps with her legs tight crossed, with her hand between her thighs and bending over, but after a few steps she had to stop and to cross her legs very tight.

Her panties were wet between her thighs and a few drops of her wee was running down on her sexy, naked girl legs.

She had to wait, where she was standing and they had to bring her a large measuring jug.

That was it, what they did, they did bring a jug, the girl pulled down her already wet panties under her knees, opened her thighs and pissed with full power and high pressure in the jug.

She was holding her urine for 31 hours and she pissed 1.400 ml.

It was a new , personal record for her.

They were all 3 so turned on and absolutely horny, who knows what they did with the rest of the day!??

I know that i would love to have such a young couple for my garden and for myself!!

*011*2023-12-04 11:00

{{ 

19 hours ago, HoldingPrinces said:

Good story. But I'm not happy about 1400ml. It's not enough for such a long hold. It should have been at least 2000ml

}}

Thank you for your compliment, i am glad about it, that you like my story.

I know you are a „holding heroine „ and i know that you have a great holding performance and a great bladder control.

I always did love to read how perfect you was able to control and to suppress your bodily needs.

You think 1400 is not enough for such a long holding period, but how big can the bladder, from a young, very slim girl be and how much can it expand and stretch?

For me can her bladder never get big enough, because i love very slim girls with a very large bladder what is visible bulging out of her thin abdomen.

