Full bladder date!

Author: huberp76

*000*2022-11-28 20:48

A boy invited a girl from his class to the cinema.

He has a special lust for girls who are desperate to pee.

When ever he did get a chance he organized situations where he could on purpose make hold and wait to make them desperate.

Before they went to the cinema, they had a fast dinner at McDonalds.

A large drink before a cinema visit is good for to fill a girls bladder and to make her hold her full bladder for minimum 2 till 3 hours.

As they were ready with their meal, the boy urged the girl to drink faster, because they had to hurry for the cinema.

It was part of his strategy to give the girl not enough time to use the toilet, but that girl did not let him make her wait, she simply told him that she make a fast visit at the toilet before they leave.

He was a little disappointed about it, but there was no way for him to deny her to go.

Not even one minute later she was back and said that there would be a long line and that she would go at the cinema.

The was glad about that new situation and thought about a way to prevent her to go before the film was starting.

He did drive a extra long way and he did drive extra slowly.

It was just a few minutes to walke from the parking lot to the cinema.

As soon as they arrived wanted the girl to the toilet, but the boy said „is that really necessary? The film is already running ! Can’t you wait until after the film?“

The girl was already needing to wee really bad, but what a big girl would admit to a boy that she can’t hold her wee for 2 hours longer.

Before she could answer the boy put his arm around her hips and went with her in the room.

She did not really have a chance to escape to the toilet.

On the way inside was time enough for him to buy 2 large coke.

They would have been a good investment for to make a girl with a full bladder desperate.

As soon as they were sitting the girl said „the toilet would have been very well necessary, but i will be able to hold it that long.“

“I think you will not wee in your panties!?“ teased the boy and smiled.

She was one of the girls who did not think about that all what she put in at the top MUST come out below.

Although her bladder was very full she emptied the large coke very fast.

Sometimes later she was moaning and whining from needing to wee so bad.

Again and again she said “I need so urgently to the loo! It hurts so much.”

The boy had his hand on her bare thigh and could feel how she sometimes tense her muscles with all her power, to hold her wee inside.

”I can’t stand it anymore, it is so painful to hold it back for so long.” whispered the girl in the boys ear.

”Just 20 more minutes, that is not really long, you can endure that easily.” answered the boy and did try to calm her down.

He could not think at any other than on on the girls full bladder and how hard she would squeeze her slit tight to hold all the wee inside her.

She did not know that the exit is leading straight to the street and that she would not come back to the room with the toilets.

The poor girl did not know that her bladder torture would not end with the end of the film.

After 20 minutes of heavy suffering, they did leave the cinema.

The girl was getting totally in panic as she noticed that she was on the street and that there was no toilet around.

”I need a loo!!! I want to piss finally!” said the girl loud and energetic.

”Sorry but there are not any toilets. I’m maximum one hour you will be at home, i think that you’ll be able to hold it for so long.” answered the boy and had a boner in his pants.

”Do you think that i can hold back my wee at will? For so long it ever will take, no matter how long?

It seems like you want to test my pee holding endurance .

You can’t know that, i have been very busy all afternoon and had no time for to go to the toilet.

I was needing to wee long before you picked me up, but i wanted not let you wait so i did not go before i leaved , i did put it off until at McDonalds, but there i still did not go, because we were late.

I did put it off again and wanted to go at the cinema, but there you told me to wait until the end of the film and now you tell me that i should hold it for one hour longer.

I can’t no more!! I HAVE to pee now!! Can’t you understand that?” she said.

He did not bring her back to the cinema, they went slowly to his car.

The street was quiet and there were no people around as she suddenly said “sorry but i can’t no more, i am near to doing it in my panties.”

She went between the parking cars, lifted her skirt, pulled her panties down and at the same moment as she wanted to squat came a boy from their school around the corner.

As fast as she could she pulled her panties back up and did let her skirt falling down to her knees.

The boy did know very well what she wanted to do between the cars.

They did talk for some minutes, the girl could no more other, she was standing with her legs tight crossed.

Everybody who saws her did know that this girl was bursting to pee.

The guy went with them in the same direction to the boys car.

The girl did get in with her hurting overfilled bladder and a painful urge.

“Bring her home before she wets her panties.“ said the guy and smiled.

“Oh my God, that is so painful to hold it back for so long, all my belly hurts from needing to wee so bad.“she said.

She pushed her skirt between her thighs. Her thighs were nude until the top and sometimes the boy could see how she pressed and pushed the fabric of her little panties deep in her slit.

She was frantic from needing to wee, she was in ecstasy, she was begging to stop somewhere, but the boy did not.

He said „it must have been very hard for you to stop weeing as the guy came!?“

“I did not have to stop, i did not wee even one single drop. I am still holding all inside.“ she answered.

The boy could not get enough from seeing her fight so hard against her inhuman piss urge and he could not get enough to see her bladder bulging out.

“Your bladder has become very big.“ he said and did feel it with his hand.

It was bulging out so much and it was hard as a rock.

The boy did nearly cum in his pants from horniness.

As soon as they stopped opened the girl the and squatted beside the car.

She pissed with high pressure for extreme long. She was pissing a hole in the ground with her ultra strong pee jet.

“Sorry she said, „i could not hold it even one minute longer, i could not wait until at home, my bladder was full to explode. „

The boy did love to watch her, he was glad that she was no more able to bring her mega bladder home, he did never see a to piss so powerful and so long.

As she was ready and empty, he did get out of car and kissed her.

He pressed his hard cock against her belly and between her thighs.

He could not get his eyes from the large lake beside the car, he could not imagine that the girl was holding so much hot wee in her bladder, how could she do that.

They were both so absolutely horny that the girl did take him to her room for a really good sex.

For the boy was it the most exciting and most arousing date of his life and for the girl was it the most painful date , her poor bladder was never before get so much tortured.

*002*2022-11-29 14:53

{{13 hours ago, eucoloco said:

That's the kind of end (of this part) i was expecting. Nice

It seems the boy's bladder isn't empty either

}}

You mean that the boys bladder can not be empty, because he did not pee at McDonalds, he did not wanted to encourage the girl to go there.

He did not pee at the cinema, because although the girl said that she would need to go was “no time “for her to wee, so he could not go as well and he did not pee at the street, like the girl did.

He did drink as well a lot, because he wanted animate the girl to drink for to fill her bladder, you are absolutely right, his bladder must simply be full now!!!

Now it is the opposite, the girl is empty but the boy is full.

Should we write a second part about that?

*003*2022-11-30 22:49

Part 2

The girl had weed on the street, her bladder was empty, the boy was not at the toilet since his morning pee, his bladder was very full.

He did deliberately not go again before they met, because he knows that he have a large bladder and a good bladder control.

He did love to feel an urge to pee when he made girls hold, this way he can better imagine what the girl is feeling.

Of course should the girls urge be much stronger than his own urge.

The girls should always be desperate for him, but now it was the opposite, now was the the girl empty and he was full, very full.

On one hand he wanted so fast as any possible home to take a much needed pee, but on the other hand he was so horny about the last few hours that he wanted necessarily sex with that girl.

It would have been much easier for him to stand his strong urge if the girls bladder would still have been full to burst, like it was a few minutes before.

He could easier tortured himself if he would have been able to torture the girl and her bladder.

She was needing to wee for so long, she was needing to wee so bad, he would not have get enough from her desperation he would have held it, just for prevent the girl from peeing.

He was needing to pee as well since hours, his bladder was totally overfilled from so many drinks and from holding it all day long, he had to go really, really bad.

It was not easy for him to say to the girl “first of all i need to the toilet.”

”That will be absolutely impossible. My parents don’t allow to bring a boy in my room.

We have to be quiet on the way to my room, they must not see you.You can’t use our bathroom.”she answered.

”But i have to piss so bad, i need to go!” said the boy.

”You can’t, but you are a big boy, i think that you’ll be able to hold it for some hours longer.” she said and smiled.

*004*2022-12-01 23:35

Part 3

The poor boy was now in a real bad situation, he was needing to pee so bad that he did not know even what he should do, so he said to the girl that he would go back to the street to pee there where she peed earlier.

Because of her parents she did not let him go back and said „ you are a strong boy, you will be able to control your bladder like i had to do it all the hours before. My bladder was already very full at the restaurant and you did not let me go in the cinema, you told me to hold it until after the film.

Then although you did no very well that i was needing to wee like crazy you did not bring me back to the cinema for to let me wee, you told me that i should wait and hold it, it will last just only one hour until at home.

You did not give me no chance and i had no other way than to stand it and to hold it.

I am a just a weak girl and i was able to endure to hold a bursting full bladder for hours and you are a strong guy, i think you will be able as well.“

It was like a punishment for the boy, for torturing that girl so much before.

He always loved to have girls in a desperate situation and now it was he who was desperate.

They went silently in the girls room, shut the door and started to strip each other’s clothes.

The boy was standing in a dimmed light just with his undies on his good trained, very slim body, his legs were tight crossed and with one hand he caressed his swollen belly.

„Look how much my bladder is bulging out!“ he said to the girl.

“Oh my God, it is really very full, but why you did not drink more than me.“ she asked.

„I did not piss since 15 hours!! Can you understand now that i have to go really bad?“ said the boy.

“ I can understand that you would need to pee, but you have to understand that you can’t go.“ replied the girl.

The girl was totally aroused from this situation, she did hear that some boys love it to see girls desperate and that they get turned on to see them holding and suffer, but she did not know before that she would get turned on to see a boy desperate.

They were lying in bed, totally naked by now. They kissed and were rubbing their bodies together and the girl tried always to press and push on the boys bladder, she wanted to torture him.

He on the other hand wanted to have sex with her as soon as possible to be able to piss.

The girl did not let him fuck her, she wanted to make him hold for so long as any possible before they would have sex.

One hour later the girl told him that she would need to wee again and said that always when she is holding it for so long, like she did it before, she is needing to go again after a short time.

She said that it would be very urgently again.

The boy was already very desperate, but he was getting totally horny to hear that and was ready to endure more „need to pee pain“ and was ready to suppress his strong urge longer.

He wanted to torture her and pressed very hard and very deep in the girls abdomen.

The girl moaned from needing to wee and from horniness and whispered in his ear that he could stay overnight, if he can endure not pee until at morning, he would have to hold it back until her parents go at work.

*007*2022-12-03 00:52

{{4 hours ago, holdit247 said:

Enjoying this

}}

I am glad that you enjoy it.

*008*2022-12-03 01:30

{{7 hours ago, Spectator9 said:

Some men have difficulty maintaining an erection when their bladder is bursting full, and some either can't cum or they cum almost immediately when they need to pee that badly. I wonder if this fellow will have a problem....

I also recall a story about a girl who insisted that every time her boyfriend need to pee he had to have sex with her first. (That would be hard for a beer-drinker!)

}}

I heard about that some boys have problems to get an erection or that they can’t cum when they are full to burst.

For me it is the opposite, i get more and more horny the fuller my bladder gets and the more i am needing to pee.

I like that feeling, even it gets painful, but after i cum, equal at masturbate or at sex, there is just pain and no more horniness, then i want to pee as soon as possible.

*009*2022-12-03 22:01

Part 4

The boy was needing to pee really bad, but he did not want to miss the opportunity to spend the night with that full bladdered girl.

He did know that he have a XL bladder and that he has a good ability to hold it.

Sometimes he is holding it for himself for a very long time, because he likes that kind of painful urge from needing to pee and he likes to torture his own bladder.

He wanted to take the offer from the girl to stay overnight and he was willing to torture his bladder for hours longer, but the girls bladder should get tortured as well, that is it what he loves at most.

He said “ look how swollen my abdomen is, look how big my bladder became and how much it is bulging out.

I need to piss really like crazy, but i always dreamed about to spend a night with you , so i am ready to suffer for you, but you have to suffer for me too!

There is a large bottle mineral, here on the table, you will take it and drink it and you will not go to the toilet all night.

You will hold it with me until your parents go to work tomorrow morning.”

”That is impossible, i can’t stand that for so long, i could try it but without to drink something.” answered the girl.

” Oh no, it should be fair, you weed 2 hours ago and i did not pee since 17 hours, you have to drink that bottle and then you have to hold it.

It will be easier for us if we both have to suffer.

The girl agreed and did drink all that water.

On one hand the boy wanted boy fuck that girl so bad at the moment and on the other hand he did know if he would cum, he wanted nothing than to pee as soon as possible.

For this reason he had to wait until morning, he had to try to sleep with all his horniness and with his bladder full from 17 hours.

The advantage for him would be that he did not drink anything since a long time, his bladder would get fuller, but very slowly, but the girls bladder was full again and there was 1 liter mineral on the way to her already full bladder.

