A girls marathon hold

Author: huberp76

*000*2020-10-19 22:52

A girl had to go from a little village, where she lives, to the capital city, for starting to work.

It was a poor country and a poor family.

Her family did know a bus driver and to save money for a ticket, the girl could go with him with his bus.

It was a long way, the journey would last nearly two days.

The girl was picked up at noon.

On the way to the city, where they did spend the night, they stopped twice to give the men and the boys a opportunity to pee on the road beside the bus.

The woman and the girls did stay in the bus. In this country did nobody care about the humanly needs of the girls.

It was usual for a girl to wait until she did get a opportunity to go to a toilet, until then she had to hold it, how bad it ever gets.

They arrived at 9pm in the city where they were spending the night.

To save money was the girl allowed to sleep in the bus.

The driver did bring something to eat and to drink for the girl.

He told her that he would come back tomorrow early morning and locked the door of the bus.

The girl had a problem, she was needing to wee but there was nowhere to go for her, she was locked up.

She had to go sleep with her bladder full from 12 hours.

At 6 am she did get waked up from her strong urge to pee.

She did not wee since 20 hours, she was needing it so bad that she did not know what to do.

She decided to squat down on the steps at the door from the bus.

The bus was old and the door was not really water tight, her wee would run through at the road, she thought and after a short time it will be dry.

What happens if it will be not dry, she thought and was waiting another half hour, but then she could not wait anymore, she pulled her panties down on her bare legs and was squatting on the steps.

Before she could pee not even one drop, she did hear the bus driver coming.

Panties up and legs crossing, that was all she could do.

The man did not see what she wanted to do. He opened the door and did give her a little breakfast .

Coffee was the last what the poor girl was needing, but she had to drink it.

He told her that they would leave in 30 minutes and that they would drive about 5 hours nonstop to the final station.

“You have not been to the loo for really long ,i think that you have to wee!?

At the station will be a toilet where you can go, if you need to.” he said.

She said that she knows that girls should not talk about such things, but she is needing to wee since yesterday afternoon and that she can’t wait 5 hours longer.

The man did exactly know that she did not pee since 21 hours and that the girls bladder must have been full to burst after holding it in for so long, he could see her bladder visible bulging out through her summer dress, but he said “ You can’t piss here, you can’t squat in front of all the peoples, you have to hold it, you are a big girl, you can do that!” and smiled.

There would have been opportunities to let the girl wee anywhere, but he was a bladder sadist, who else could say to a girl who did not wee since more than 20 hours, that she has to wait and to hold it for 6 hours longer.

All the other peoples were already in the bus, the girl was sitting beside the driver on a kind of substitute seat.

The driver watched her how she was holding it back with all her power.

Her bare legs were knotet very tight, but her panties did stay dry until they did arrive.

The man did guide her to the loo to listen how she peed with high pressure for a eternity, after holding it for 27 hours.

*002*2020-11-01 02:15

{{On 10/20/2020 at 11:40 AM, wether said:

It would be interesting to know how much pee she was able to hold in her bladder.

}}

I think the same like you, when ever i see a girl who did not wee for a long time, i think how much pee is she holding in her bladder, i think how strong her urge and her need must be and i think how much longer will she be able to hold it.

Some girls are trained by them self or of course the circumstances to hold it very long.

Especially in countries where it is common for girls to hold their wee back in their bladders until they get a chance to go.

Their sphincters are trained for so strong, that they are able to force their bladders to stretch to a extreme size.

I think that the girl from my story was needing to wee already at afternoon as the bus stopped to let the men and the boys pee, but she had to stay in the bus like all the other females.

I think that the girls bladder must have been full at evening, but nowhere to go for her, she had to hold it, she had to force her bladder to stretch and to expand.

Maybe her bladder was in the morning stretched to double size from full.

She was needing to wee so absolutely bad, but she still could not go.

The driver did not let her, he did not give her a opportunity to pee, he did know how long she did not wee, but he did like to make her hold it longer, 5 hours longer!

I think that it was arousing for him to think on her strong urge and on her overfilled bladder and to see her fight against her humanity needs.

She did drink coffee and water in the morning, her bladder must have been painful overstretched to two and half of its normal full size, at the final station!?

What do you think how much wee she was holding back in her poor bladder?

*004*2020-11-02 15:04

{{20 hours ago, wether said:

It's not very likely that she could hold much more than 1500 ml which IMO is not very common for woman (I have talked with several women who liked to hold until very desperate and none of them exceeded 1000 ml). But bearing in mind the time she had to hold, it might be even more than 1500 ml unless she drank almost nothing.

}}

I agree with you, i think that she was holding under 1500 ml, something between 1200ml and 1400 ml????

A girl begins to feel a urge at about 250-300 ml. Her bladder is not really full to that time.

A average bladder is full at about 600 ml.

If the girl is still hold her urine back, or if she has to hold it back, her bladder has to stretch more and more and her bladder gets bigger and bigger.

If she is holding 1200 ml , her bladder is expanded to its double size.

If her sphincter and her willpower are strong enough, she can force her bladder to stretch over this size.

1500 ml would be a 2 1/2 stretching factor, dependent from her bladder size.

Renate, the girl from my story “I made a girl hold it all day long “ was able to hold maximum 1200 ml.

I did measure it once, after she was holding it longer than 24 hours.

With 1200ml in her bladder, she was needing to wee so bad that she could not even stand straight, it was her absolutely limit!

27 hours was a really long time for the “marathon girl “, but she did not drink really much and she was good trained, because the girls in the country where she lived has sometimes no chance to wee all day long and so they are used to hold it.

That is why i think that her sphincter was strong enough to stretch her poor bladder over double size.

The girl was needing to wee so absolutely bad in the morning and then she had to hold her already bursting full bladder for 5 hours longer.

She had to hold it, because it would be absolutely a shame in her country, for a big girl to pee her panties in front of all the peoples and it would be a shame too, to squat in front of the peoples

A big girl don’t do that!! A big girl MUST be able to hold it!

Nobody would have appreciated that, because nobody did know that she did not have a chance to pee since yesterday before noon.

She simply had to hold it and i think that she was used that her urge could get painful and that her bladder was sometimes hurting, from being totally overfilled, but i think that she never had to hold it for 27 hours and i think that her bladder have never been so big before and so overstretched, as at this journey.

