To much beer for a Tomboy’s bladder

Author: huberp76

*000*2021-04-19 18:33

Some boys went with a mini bus to a motocross event.

Sue was the only girl in this group, but she was not a really girl, she was more a boy, she was a real tomboy.

Boyish, small breasts and skinny.

She did wear a little, very short short and a T shirt.

For someone who likes skinny girl, she was extreme sexy with her tiny short and her slim, nude legs.

There was nothing around, neither kiosks, nor loos.

The boys did know that, they have been there last year.

They had a cool box with something to eat and with a lot of beers.

Late at afternoon, one of the boys asked Sue if she wanted another beer.

”No, i can’t anymore, i need to pee”.

The boys did like to hear this , they were waiting for that and so the boy said “ one more will be possible, the last one “.

The girl did take it and did drink it.

It was easy for the boys, they had just to turn around and to piss on a tree and that was it what they did, but what could the girl do?

There was no bushes or something else where she could have hide. All the boys were curious what she would do and how long she would be able to hold her wee back.

One hour later Sue said “ I don’t know what to do, i need to pee so bad “. and crossed her bare, slim legs.

”You can squad here, we would love to watch you “. said on of the excited boys.

”Absolutely no way “! the girl answered.

”Than you have to hold it, i know that you girls are good in that. It will be just 4 or 5 hours until we are at home, i think that will be no problem for you ?!”

”I did not pee since my morning pee, i need to go really bad by now, i can’t endure that for so much longer “. she replied.

”You have to!!” said the boys with a bulge in their shorts.

Sue had also a bulge in her tiny hot pants, her bladder was so overfilled, that it was bulging out of her skinny belly.

She could no more hide her strong and already painful need to wee. She bended over, pressed her hands between her slim, naked thighs and crossed her sexy, slim legs, as hard as she could.

The boys teased her and said something like “does our little girly need a wee, or it seams that someone need’s a loo, or one more beer for you?”

Sue was absolutely desperate, but was able to hold her wee back for 2 more hours, until they went to the bus, for the journey home, which would last for 2 more hours.

Some of the boys pissed three times and more, Sue not even once!

She did get in the bus with her bladder full to explode.

She did did drink 4 beers and two coffees and did not wee since more than 12 hours.

Where can a skinny girl, like her hold so much wee inside her, that was it, was the boys did try to imagine.

2 more hours bladder torture for Sue!

30 minutes after leaving, the girl was beginning for a stop, but the boys told her to hold it.

The boy, who was sitting beside her, could see a wet spot at her little short between her slim thighs and asked her „are you weeing?“

“No, but i can’t anymore, it’s coming out. Stop and let me piss!“ she said totally angry.

“No, i don’t stop, you are a big girl, you can hold it!” answered the driver.

Another 30 minutes later, her shots were more wet than before and Sue said „I’ll piss your seat if you don’t let me go !“

The owner of the bus was afraid that she really would do that and offered her to let her pee, if she would let them watch.

They could do what ever they want, if she only could piss finally, the girl said.

A little little later, they stopped anywhere, Sue did get out slowly, with one hand pressed hard against her girl slit, who is needing to wee so bad.

She pulled her shorts and her panties down at once and before she could squad she started to pee, she pissed so hard and with so much pressure, that her pee jet went 2 meter far.

All boys were standing in front of her and watched her piss for longer than one minute.

“That must have been really urgently!“ said one of the boys „ i can’t imagine where you could hold all the pee in your skinny belly.“

As soon as they were back in the bus the girl said „ you did do that for purpose, you made me drink so much and you did know that i would have no chance to go anywhere! Did you want to make me piss my panties?“

She said that she could endure all day long without a piss, if she would have to, but not if she has to drink 2 liter beer.

One of the boys said that her show was more interesting and much more exciting than the sport event.

The boys did tease her the last hour on the way home.

One asked her how her wet panties feels on her naked pussy.

Another said that all the bus is smelling from Sue’s wee and asked her if she has a new perfume, which is called wee wee.

All boys could only think on the little, wet panty and on the pee wet slit of the skinny Tomboy girl.

*002*2021-04-20 18:06

{{15 hours ago, Zee said:

Nice story!

What do you think happens next? Maybe this is not the last event she joins the boys for. Maybe she decides to train her bladder in the meanwhile, so that next time she can enjoy herself with more beer... and still hold however long it takes to find a restroom. The boys will really be amazed at how much she can swell up then!

}}

I am glad that you like my story!

What would you like that should happen?

I think you are right, i am sure that Sue wants to be at the next event a part of the crew as well.

She is not interested for typical girl sports and girl events, she wanted more to spend time with the boys and their kind of events.

She has just to learn from the last situation.

Sue is really a Tomboy, but she is still a girl that has to squat for to wee.

She made up her mind that she had to train her bladder and her ability to hold her pee, if she wanted to spend time with the boys and to drink with them.

Sue forced herself to hold it even when it was already painful, she was able to stretch her bladder, to hold 1.200ml.

That would be not enough to drink beer with the guys all day long, but how much more can she hold, how much more can she endure?

She is so skinny, she don’t have much room in her slim, super flat abdomen, a big part of her bladder must bulging out, between her pregnant hipbones.

There is not a little bit fat on her belly, there is only skin over her firm bladder and the skin has to stretch until it is tensed like a drum.

She can make her bladder so big, that her belly gets visible swollen, sometimes she has to cross her slim, sexy legs to support her sphincter.

I think that the guys like that and that they get aroused from that and i think that Sue likes to impress the boys with her super holding abilities.

Sue is proud of her holding power and of her will power, she is “better “ than the boys.

The boys have to piss every few hours, when they drink much beer, she can drink the same amount, but can endure not to pee one single time.

I think the next event will be a test for Sue’s poor bladder!

*004*2021-04-26 08:41

{{6 hours ago, Mistress26 said:

Perhaps she goes camping with the boys and has to hold possibly over an entire day.

Imagine the huge swollen bladder she'll have then.

}}

Oh yes, that is a great idea, Sue should go camping with the boys, nowhere to go for her, she has to hold it over an entire day.

She know that there is no toilet anywhere and she absolutely don’t want to squat in front of the boys, she don’t drink to much and go to sleep with her bladder full from the day.

No wee for her!!!

Yes, i love to write a short story about Sue’s camping with the boys, but before i’ll write a second experience on a sport event.

*005*2021-04-26 21:00

2 weeks later they went to another sport event. It was the same group as last time, only one boy was new in the group.

He was a friend from one of the boys and he did know some of the other boys, but he had never seen Sue before. Sue did wear a short shirt and unusual for her a skirt.

”Great skirt today.” said one of the boys. He said that, because it was very short and the girl did show a lot of her nude thighs fare up over her knees.

”I do wear it for a special reason.” the girl answered.

”What special reason?” wanted the boy know. ”Maybe i‘ll tell it you later.” replied Sue.

”Oh my God, is that girl hot!!” said the new boy to his friend. “ Her legs are more sexy, than it should be allowed!” he raved.

”If you like skinny’s, than you are right, than she is hot “said the boy.

“Yes, she is absolutely the type of girl i love. She is not really skinny, she is just sporty and very slim, she is simply great.”he said.

The new guy did absolutely love thin girls and he love them at most, when they are needing to wee really bad.

He did dream from the first moment, to see this sexy legs tight crossed and knotted, from needing to wee so bad.

Like last time, there were no kiosks for to buy something to eat and to drink and there were no loos for to pee.

The guys had a large bag with drinks, mainly beer and enough to eat.

At afternoon, the boys had all pissed twice , or more on a tree, a few steps behind the course, but the girl did not wee even one time, since her morning pee, at home.

The new boy asked his friend “what is she doing if she need a wee?”

”Nothing, she does nothing.” answered his friend.

”What do you mean with nothing.” he wanted to know.

”She can do nothing than to hold it, she is a girl, she has to hold it back, no matter what!” was the answer.

”How long?” asked the new.

”Until she is at home, then she can go. She is always holding it all day long, she never wee the entire day , but last time she had a problem, she did drink to much beer, her bladder was full to burst at the time we did leave from here , she was needing to wee so bad on the way to our bus, that she could not even walk normally anymore.

One hour later we had to stop for her, her panties were already wet from her wee. We watched her squatting beside the bus and it was amazing how hard and how long she pissed. It was unbelievable how much urine the girl could hold in her skinny body.

You ask me so many questions, why don’t you ask herself, she is not shy to talk about her body, about the parts of her body and about her bodily needs.” said the boy to his friend.

”What are you two talking about?” asked Sue.

”My friend said that you did drink a lot of beer and did not pee even once, he is curious if you don’t need to.” he said.

”I would need a loo really bad, but there is no one around, nowhere to piss for a poor girl!, like so many times.”she replied.

”But don’t worry, i am better than you boys. If you boys drink, you always have to piss, but i am able to drink without to pee, I “can hold it!” she said.

”How long?” wanted the “new”know.

“Until i am at home.” the girl said.

”But if i drink to much and if i absolutely can’t hold it anymore, for that reason i wear a skirt today, a skirt and i have no panties underneath, i let my pee run slowly down on my legs and you guys will not even notice it.

I have enough paper in my bag, if one of you want’s to wipe my legs dry.” the girl said.

The New could not hide the bulge in his shorts and he said without to think “ i would love to do that, i would not even need a paper, i would lick every drop of your wee with my tongue ,from your sexy legs.”

”I would love to lick your legs, no matter if they are wet or dry !” he whispered in her ear.

”Can it be that you are a little, naughty boy?” asked Sue and smiled. “Oh yes, i am naughty and i would love to be naughty with you.” the boy answered and smiled back.

2 hours later and one more beer for Sue, she was standing with her legs tight crossed.

”Is it that bad? You belly is pretty swollen, how much do you think you are holding in there?” the New asked and caressed the girls slim abdomen and then pressed hard on it.

”First i thought that you wanted to watch me squat and piss, but now i know that you like to see me suffer and that you would love to torture me.” said the girl.

What will Sue do?

Will she wee down on her bare, slim legs, or will she go to the bus and hold her bursting full bladder for a 2 hours longer, on the way back home, with all the guys around her?

*006*2021-05-01 00:19

I think that Sue don’t pee the entire day. She hold it back with all her power and go to the bus with her bladder full and swollen, she wants to impress the new.

She change the seat and is sitting now at the journey home beside the new boy. She tells him how bad she would need to piss.

She has a bulge in her belly from her overfilled bladder and he has a bulge in his shorts.

*008*2021-05-06 09:48

{{On 5/4/2021 at 4:36 AM, Mistress26 said:

The longer and fuller the better. Maybe a little full bladder sex too.

}}

Yes! I absolutely agree with you.

The longer she has to hold it and the fuller her bladder is, the better and yes, she should get fu....... with her bladder that full

A Tomboy has to endure that!

No wee for her at the camping trip.

*010*2021-08-17 22:53

Sue did know now the way how she could turn the new boy on and she did like to do it, because she felt attract to the guy, she did like him.

Most of the boys likes curvy girls, but she was a tomboy with a very slim, but good toned body.

She did not have large breasts, but she had a big and a strong bladder in her flat belly, but nobody did care about that until now.

It was new for her that someone loved her boyish body and her ability to hold her urine back.

Sue wanted to impress the boy, she wanted to make him horny and she did know that she could do that if she would not pee before they went to the bus, if she would hold her swollen bladder for two more hours on the way home.

She was sitting with her legs tight crossed beside the boy, she squeezed her thighs hard with her hand.

The boy looked at her “ you need to pee really, really bad, don’t you?” he asked her.

”Oh yeah, i am needing it so bad, i need to go since before noon, but i did not go i am holding it for you., because i think you like that and your little friend down there, like that too, she whispered in his ear and kissed his cheek.

“Oh yes, i love it and i you are doing it so good. Did you ever try how long you can do endure it not to pee, how long you are able to hold it in?”he asked.

He told her that in two weeks the bus group will make a camping trip at the weekend.

He asked her if she would hold it for him all the trip long, she should pee Saturday morning at home before leaving and then no more until she is at home again at Sunday evening.

That would be absolutely a dream for him, he told her.

“One day, one night and then one more day, i don’t think that i can do that, i can’t imagine that anybody can do that.” she said.

He pleaded so long until she agreed to try it for him.

On the special day sue did get picked up at 7 in the morning. She was sitting beside her new friend and the first he asked her was if had a wee before leaving. He told her that it would be so exciting for him to think that she would not pee until she is back home tomorrow evening, that she would hold all the urine inside her.

He told her that he would be so curious how big her bladder will be, how big her bladder can get and how strong her urge will be if she hold it for so long.. He was so aroused that he only wanted to talk about peeholding and bursting full bladders.

It was strange, he did like sue a lot, he nearly loved her and on the other hand he wanted to torture her, especially her bladder.

He wanted to make her hold her pee until she nearly gets crazy from needing to go so bad.

He would not let her piss although she would be extremely desperate and frantic. He would love to torture her poor bladder, to press and push on it, to make her urge and her need to wee stronger.

She could never need to piss bad enough for him!

Sue stopped him and said that she would not know how long she would be able to hold it and that she don’t think that she can endure it until tomorrow evening, but she will try her best for him, because she know’s how much he like that and she would like him.

“If you love it to see “your “ girl suffer, then i will suffer for you!” she said.

She did take his hand and putted it on her naked, smooth thigh.

He pushed her short skirt up and pressed with one finger the fabric of her little panties deep in her slit.

”I love all your body, your slender legs, your flat belly with your navel, your little pussy, your small breasts, your pretty face and your bladder, especially if it is full to burst. I think i love all of you, i simply love you!” said the boy and leaked her cheek with his wet to tongue.

He did think about that she said “your “ girl. “Is she my girl? “ he asked himself.

Oh yes, she is “my “ girl he thought and he did awaken that he never had before such a perfect girl.

He kissed her long , his tongue was deep in her mouth and his finger deep in her pussy.

“Can’t you two stop that, you have time all night long in your tent. You make us envious.” said one of the boys and smiled.

They went to a wood with a little lake, not very fare from the down. The journey did last not even 2 hours.

After they arriving the boys were building up the tents.

One large for 4 boys, one small for our friend and sue and another small for the new boys friend and his girl.

They did spend a happy afternoon with drinking beer and fishing. For a special reason did Sue did not drink really much.

At the evening they had a bonfire, the girls made something to eat, the boys grilled self caught fishes, they played music and talked until midnight.

Before they went in their tents for to sleep, went the boys to the trees and the girl a few steps in the wood.

Only Sue did not go anywhere, she looked yearning to the girl who walked in the wood, but she went straight to the tent.

Sue did not wee since 17 hours, she would need it so bad, but she promised to suffer her strongest urge to pee for her new friend and she can endure more.

No wee for her before sleeping, she had to hold it how bad it ever will get,

She wanted to be a good girl for her friend, a girl who is ready to suffer for her friend, ready to hold her urine back in her already overfilled bladder although it was already painful, just to make him happy.

They stripped their clothes except their undies. Sue did only wear a little panty on her super slim body.

Just to see her and to know that she did not wee for so long, made him wish to fu…. her at the moment, but he knows that he would have pity with her at the moment he would cum, he would let her wee if she would ask to be allowed.

So he did suffer with her, he from horniness and not being able to fu… her and Sue did suffer from both, not getting fu… and from needing to piss so bad.

”How are you, my pretty girl?” he asked dissembling.

”I need to wee so bad, but i know that you love that so i am your brave, good girl, i hold for you, i suffer for you how you like it, i am your slave!” she answered.

” Oh Sue, you can’t not know how you make me happy, you make me feel like in heaven, i love you and i love your body outside and inside!” the boy whispered in her ear and kissed her.

It was so hard to get sleeping for both and at about 4 in the morning the boy noticed that Sue wanted to get out of the tent.

He took her by her hand, pulled her back and said “ you don’t want to go there where i think that you want to go!? Does my little girl need to wee so bad that she wants to go in the wood? Would “my” girl be so naughty to wee without permission?”

“Please let me go, i need it so bad! I can’t sleep anymore with my bladder so full, or let me do just a little bit, just 10 or 15 seconds and then i stop it and hold it until home.” she begged.

”Oh no, i don’t let you go, you can hold it longer. Your bladder can get bigger, be my strong girl, suffer for me, you can endure more.” he said and laid his body on top of the girls body.

He pressed with all his weight his abdomen against the girls abdomen, he pressed his hard cock against her swollen bladder.

Sue moaned from this extra torture and he moaned from horniness and he had to be careful not to cum.

He told her that he would stay on top of her for the rest of the night, so that he can be sure that she would not get out for a pee during his sleep.

She said that she would piss herself if he don’t stop t press her bladder, she promised that she would not go outside if he just get down from her bothered body.

They slept until 7.30 am. The boy asked her how she is feeling and she told him better than at night, her urge is still very strong, but dull and easier to endure.

At noon they had steaks, potatoes and beer. Sue did drink a beer too and that was not really good for her, her need to wee was getting stronger very fast and at 3 pm she could not hide her desperation anymore.

The boys did not really notice it, but the friend from the new boy did realize that Sue was desperate.

”What is wrong with Sue? Did she loose her ability to hold it? Did her bladder get weak?” he asked his friend and told him that his girl is good in holding. He said that she did not even had her morning pee.

Whenever she wanted to go in the wood, he had something to do for her, he did not give her a chance, because he wanted to make her hold.

“She did not piss since yesterday before she went to bed,”he said and “she is not so desperate as Sue.”

”Oh, i see, she is really good. She did drink a lot of beer yesterday, she must be pretty full. I am glad for you, because i know you love strong bladdered girls, just like me, but Sue has not lost her holding ability, you are right that she is desperate, but that is why she did not piss since yesterday morning at home.” the new said.

”Oh my God, how can the poor girl endure that? That must be absolutely torture for her, she must be full to burst, her bladder must nearly explode, from holding it so long.” answered the friend.

” Is she doing it for you? Is she not allowed to piss all the trip long? Does she have to hold her urine back until she is at home ?” he wanted to know.

The new confirmed the assume from his friend.

At about 5 pm they were ready to leave and to go back home.

The driver said that everybody should use the last chance to take a pee, because there would be no stop until home.

The friend’s girl said that she absolutely need to piss before leaving, because she did not have a pee since yesterday before sleeping and that means 17 hours peeholding.

”You really did not piss for 17 hours? You must be full to explode!” said one of the guys.

The girl agreed that she did not piss for so long and that her bladder is full to burst.

She was proud of her strong bladder and about her ability to hold it for so long.

Another boy said “your piss must be amazing, let us watch!!”

She looked to her friend, he nodded and then she said that she would have no problem with it, pulled down her shorts and her panties, swatted, did spread her thighs and started to piss with high pressure.

The boys could see how the hot urine, from 17 hours was squirting out from her shaved pussy.

When she was ready, after more than one minute, all the boys were clapping.

“Don’t you not let Sue in the wood before we leave? She can not even stand straight anymore, it would be 2 hours torture pure for her on the way home?” asked the friend.

”She did not piss since 34 hours, not one single drop. We are so near to our goal, is think she can endure it 2 more hours, but i ask her if she wants to go.” answered the new.

He asked her if she would like to pee before leaving.

She said that she would nothing like more and nothing needing more, than to piss, but she don’t do it.

”I am holding it for you like i promised, i will be “your “strong, brave girl.” she said.

All the way home she had her hands pressed hard between her nude thighs.

Sometimes she had one hand inside her panties and pressed one finger on her peehole.

I told her to piss in a jug when we are at home, because i want to know how much she is holding.

After 2 hours and after 36 hours peeholding for Sue, the bus stopped at my house.

As soon as she was getting out, she pressed her two hands between her thighs and was squatting down.

It was possible for her to hold it during the journey, when she was sitting, but now she could not move and she could not walk anymore.

We had just a few steps to go but she could not anymore. She did try to stand up, but as soon as she was standing, she started to piss, the hot wee was running down on her wonderful legs.

She did some steps beside to the road, was squatting between the parking cars and pissed in her panties.

She was squatting in a large lake of urine. It was unbelievable how much she was able to hold, how big her bladder was getting, when it was forced to hold the urine from 36 hours.

At home the boy leaked the smelling urine from the smooth skin of the girls legs.

The girl said that she would be sorry for pissing herself so near from home, so near from their goal.

Next time she will try at home, not to piss as long as any possible and then to piss in a jug, to see how much she is able to hold inside her, said the girl to her new friend.

They fu……. 2 times before they were sleeping.

*012*2021-08-27 21:13

{{On 8/24/2021 at 10:14 AM, Somenonymous said:

Yes. YES. YES! Amazing story! It's just wow

}}

Thank you, i am glad that you like it!

