Capture (DC fanfiction)

Author: HaruhiSuzumiya

*000*2019-02-23 20:08

A/N: Starring my OTP, Cyborg and Grid. Enjoy!

"W-where am I...?"

Cyborg woke up unable to move. His sight not yet clear, the poor teen titan groaned as he shook himself in an attempt to break free. But to no avail. Eventually, as his vision sharpened more and more, Cyborg could make out his surroundings. He was a few feet off the ground in a dark laboratory of sorts. He also realized his groans sounded a bit muffled, like something was blocking his mouth. That's when he heard the unmistakeable cackle of his arch-nemesis, Grid.

"You are beneath me, Cyborg!" he snarled, reiterating something he'd said so many times before. But only this time, Cyborg began to genuinely believe his enemy's words. There was nothing he could do to escape his restraints, which had him confined to the wall Grid had tied him to. Cyborg tried to issue a muffled cry in response. Grid simply laughed at his gagged captive's pathetic vocalization and continued with his monologue.

"By the end of this procedure, your shivering, frail self shall collapse with no way to recover, and your body will be in my hands," he said. He suppressed a laugh, and then took a few steps toward the weak Cyborg. "Let's get right to it," he mocked.

Soon enough, Cyborg was unbound from the wall, only to be bound to a chair in another part of the room. His mouth still covered, poor Cyborg felt useless as his cybernetic powers were almost impossible to utilize in this predicament, and struggled against resigning to his fate of lending Grid his body. At that moment, Grid strutted into the room, his chest up haughtily. He cleared his throat, and then he huffed as he snapped his fingers. Cyborg was directed towards Grid's mechanical, skull-like visage.

"If you disobey," Grid warned Cyborg, "you shall experience severe repercussions which will not allow you to live another day." A brief moment of silence passed, and then Grid resumed. "Now," said the sentient cybernetic system, "forget everything and pay attention to me, and me alone; lay back and close your eyes, let your mind drift away." Cyborg hesitated, but he did as he was told, as there was nothing inherently bad about it. His head, which he was ever so trying to clear until he was in peace, lay against the headrest of the chair obediently and his eyes were shut. Grid clenched his left hand into a fist and aimed it between Cyborg's legs, laughing to himself.

Suddenly, Cyborg felt an onset of pressure grow in his bladder like a weight ton sitting dormant on his pelvis. As the sensation pressed down on his lower region more and more, Cyborg grimaced and couldn't help trying to squirm a bit. However, he didn't want anything to leak. So he relaxed his muscles, save for his continuously tightening bladder muscle, and tried to remain perfectly still. A few agonizing seconds passed, and then Cyborg decided he couldn't take it anymore. His eyes opened, bloodshot, and he tried as hard as he could to sit up in the chair he was tied to.

"Grid..." Cyborg said as best as he could with his mouth taped. Suddenly, he realized it was Grid that was causing him to feel like he had a full bladder. Risking repercussion, Cyborg angrily looked Grid in the grill.

"I can control you," Grid taunted, trying to intimidate Cyborg. "I will make your urinary urgency so strong, you would do anything to escape the discomfort and pain. Unless you are able to suffer the humiliation of urinating, of course." During this, Grid continued to increase Cyborg's need to go. Cyborg felt hell raising in his privates; a flow of urine rushing through, and trying so hard to break free from, his bladder. But, of course, Cyborg held it in, as he didn't want even further torment. Eventually, the pressure became too painful for Cyborg. One more minute like this, and it was going to explode. So Cyborg closed his eyes, clenched his teeth, and let it all go naturally. A stream of urine came pouring out of Cyborg's bottom, soaking the chair he was in. The steel sentinel had no regrets about it. He needed to find a way to end his misery. Grid watched the puddle of urine form at the bottom of the drenched chair and chuckled.

"I knew you were going to do it," he said quite mockingly. He strode over to the heavily relieved hybrid and tore the piece of tape gagging him off his mouth.

"Why would you do that to me?" said Cyborg as he found himself able to speak again.

"For my amusement. We're not done yet."

Cyborg gasped as even more trouble awaited him. He'd already went through that painstaking experience of holding his urine; what more could Grid possibly have in store for him? He was about to find out...

*001*2019-03-28 00:55

Grid chuckled once more as he directed Cyborg to lay back in the chair. Cyborg hoped he could relax this time without having to bear the burden of urgency. But knowing Grid, such hopes were fruitless.

"Now, Cyborg," Grid said, "look deep into my eyes; keep them there. Focus only on the sound of my voice."

Cyborg couldn't resist looking his cybernetic captor straight in the eye, sending him the impression he was still angry over earlier. But due to Grid's access to Cyborg's digital innards, the sentient system was easily able to freeze the teen titan's gaze and ensure there was no looking away. Cyborg's expression switched to a fearful one; he felt himself choke up, his body quaking micropulsation by micropulsation, his voice tremble with the sole word he said before he was instructed to keep quiet. Suddenly, he felt his eyelids growing heavy; the more he was forced to stare into Grid's menacing, photocellular eyes, the heavier they got. Cyborg wanted so bad to break free from the hypnotic trance being inducted into him, but Grid had him in his power by now and thus he hadn't the mindset to.

"You must be getting so tired, huh?" Grid said in his smug, guttural voice.

Cyborg began a yawn. The utterance of those words had inducted a sense of drowsiness in him. Poor Cyborg fought the urge to peacefully fall asleep, as who knows what Grid would do to him once he drifted off. But he felt an absolute need to rest his sore, aching muscles... his worn out body... the more Cyborg looked into Grid's eyes, the more pain he felt around his body.

"Just let it all go and fall asleep," said Grid, trying to egg his captive on to succumb to hypnotism.

Soon, Cyborg was tired to the point where his thoughts were incomprehensible. He couldn't bear another moment with his eyes open, without sleep. Eventually, Cyborg surrendered to Grid's control; he let all his muscles relax, his eyelids droop closed, and he fell asleep. Grid cackled evilly as he saw this happen. He continued with his sneering monologue.

"You will do as I say," Grid snarled, "and you will do it now." He curled his hands into a fist again, aimed it at Cyborg's lower region, and waited for Cyborg to rouse from his slumber.

Suddenly, the teen titan awoke, feeling an irresistible urge to use the bathroom. "Grid," he cried hurriedly, "where's the bathroom?"

"There is none," said Grid.

"Oh, this is terrible!" said an empty-headed Cyborg, crossing his legs in an attempt to hold his urine in. His hands went to his crotch, as when he overlapped his legs, it tightened his bladder. He tried all he could to prevent himself from leaking, as the pressure grew and grew. Oblivious to Cyborg, Grid was controlling him.

All of a sudden, the urge stopped and Cyborg sighed. "Whew, that was a close one. Didn't wanna..." Grid aimed his hand at Cyborg's bottom and clenched his fist tightly. The urge returned. "...accidentally go..." trailed off Cyborg as he felt the pressure push down even more on his prosthetic privates. "This is truly awful," he said.

Cyborg felt his bladder was going to burst any second. "Help..." he weakly cried. As soon as the black teen shifted himself, Grid tightened his fist as hard as he could and watched as urine leaked from Cyborg's bottom. Cyborg gasped, and then accidentally released all his urine in surprise.

Tears were streaming from Cyborg's eyes. His face turned beet red and he kneeled down on the floor while bawling loudly, unaware of the fact he was beneath the sloshy mess he made. At that moment, Grid snapped his fingers and Cyborg snapped out of his trance.

First, Cyborg stopped crying; then, he noticed the urine puddle he made. Unable to remember a thing that had went on, he instantly deduced Grid had something to do with this. He frowned and looked up to Grid.

"What's yer obsession with makin' me pee?" he asked.

"I have none," Grid responded, "I just gain pleasure from seeing you desperate, rendered unable by your own body."

"Well, I'm findin' a way outta here now," Cyborg said. "I think I've had enough." And immediately, Cyborg's focus shifted to rescuing himself.

THE END

