A whore had to hold it!

Author: huberp76

*000*2020-09-27 20:29

After the border to east Europe was getting opened, there were a lot of east girls who wanted to make a fast money with their bodies.

This situation was especially at the first years.

I heard a experience where two girls did borrow the old car from one of their parents, to drive to a big city in the west.

To try to find a “customer “, they went to a area near where usual the prostitutes were standing.

The girls did show much naked skin, to animate .

One of the girls was very slim. She did wear a ultra short skirt and a short pullover.

Her slim legs and her flat belly were nude.

It was spring and the weather was getting cool at the evening, so they were sometimes sitting in the car to warm up.

Both were to shy and not made for this job, especially the slim one.

Only the money made them to try it.

Money is not all, they said and decided to stop it late at the evening to drive home.

It was dark and cool, as they walked back to the car.

They wanted to go in the bushes before they would leave.

The curve girl was on the way to the bushes and the slim girl wanted to follow her, as just in that moment a young man went straight to the girl and asked her “are you doing it for money?”

”Yes, i would do it.” answered the girl with a silent voice and not really professional.

She told him the price and the price was much to low for a young, pretty girl like her.

The man agreed and they went to a hotel, where they did rent rooms for hours.

It was not very fare and it did not take long and they were in the room.

The man closed the door and as he turned back, was the girl standing with tight crossed legs in front of him.

”I am sorry!” said the girl “ but i am so nervous, i never before did it for money and i am needing to wee so really, really bad, i need to go to the loo, before we do it.”

The man told her that in this kind of hotels would not be a toilet in the room and he told her, that she would have to hold it until they leave and then she could go in the lobby.

The girl was bleeding that she would be allowed to go before she was getting fucked.

The man told her again that there would not be a opportunity for her to pee and that she had to hold it and started to strip her.

The girl could not know that the man loves nothing more, than a girl desperate to pee.

The girl did wear nothing but her tiny panties, as he laid her on the bed.

He started to caress her smooth, slim body. He was sliding down with his hand to her belly and stopped at her lower abdomen, where her bladder was bulging out.

He pressed soft on her bladder and said “you are really full down there.”

”Please no! Don’t press on my belly, i am needing to wee so bad, i am doing it in the bed.”she was bleeding again.

“Why are you so full? Why do you need to wee so bad?” he wanted to know.

She told him that they did leave early in the morning. They did take something to eat and to drink from home, because they don’t have money for a restaurant.

No restaurant, no coffee shop, that means no loo!

Her girlfriend went in to the bushes, she said, but she could not do that, squat in a city by daylight.

She was cold with her outfit and so she did drink lot hot tea from the thermos bottle .

At evening she was needing to wee so bad that she wanted to follow her girlfriend into the bushes, no matter city or not, no matter peoples or not, no matter if someone is watching.

She had to go and then he was coming to take her to the hotel.

“I had no chance to wee all day long, i am holding all inside me! Now you know why i am needing to pee so bad “ she said.

”We can’t do it with my bladder so full! I am afraid that i am weeing in the bed.” she said.

”You don’t wee in the bed, you are a strong, healthy girl, you can hold it!” he said, stripped her little panties down and started to fuck her.

Her poor bladder was getting tortured from inside and from outside.

He fucked her really hard and he pressed with his hand hard on her swollen belly and on her bulging bladder, to make her wee stronger.

She was needing to pee like crazy,but she was able to hold it and to endure it.

There was a washbasin in the room and before they got dressed , he did help her to piss in the basin.

He could see her pissing slit and he could see how her swollen belly was getting flat.

The man did pay the double price, one for her pussy and one for her bladder.

He told her that he love to fuck girls bursting to pee and he told her that she did it perfect!

From that time they did meet once in a month.

She did all ways bring her tight pussy and her bursting full bladder to the meetings.

She did earn money with both!

*002*2020-09-29 12:34

{{On 9/28/2020 at 1:08 PM, wether said:

That's interesting. Some years ago I was thinking about similat thing. However I had an idea that I would tell the woman to hold her pee as long as she could and tell her to pee in a bottle. She would be paid according to the quantity of pee she could place in a bottle. E.g., 1000ml = 100 PLN (polish zloty).

}}

I did think about that many times too, to buy a girl’s wee.

To tell her to hold it for so long as she can and then let her pee in a measuring jug.

The more she wees, the more she gets money.

For me there could be two possibilities.

1.

The basis would be, like you write:

1000ml. =. 100 PLN

Then it should be progressive.

The first 100 ml over 1000 ml = 20 PLN

The second. =. 30 PLN

Her wee, her urine would get more and more expensive.

The more she would be able to hold, the more money she could earn.

2.

To offer a girl a good money for to hold it in until she absolutely can’t anymore.

Then let her pee in a measuring jug.

Now we know her absolutely limit, the limit of her sphincter or her readiness to endure the painful urge.

Next time to offer her a super good price for 100ml more than the last time.

How much more would she be able to endure?

To make a compilation with 3 girls and to pay a good price for the winner, would be great to.

*003*2024-07-23 15:06

{{On 9/28/2020 at 1:08 PM, wether said: 

That's interesting. Some years ago I was thinking about similat thing. However I had an idea that I would tell the woman to hold her pee as long as she could and tell her to pee in a bottle. She would be paid according to the quantity of pee she could place in a bottle. E.g., 1000ml = 100 PLN (polish zloty). 

}}

Have you ever paid a girl for holding her pee? 

*006*2024-07-29 15:31

{{12 hours ago, omocollegegirl said: 

Damn i gotta admit I fantasize about exactly this. I dream about being a desperate prostitute lol )I'm not actually a hooker, I just fantasize about it lol 

}}

I can understand you , it must be a special turning on to sell the own body including the body‘s needs. 

I would tell you when, what and how much you have to drink and i would tell you when you would be allowed to let it out. 

You know me already and you know that your bladder would have to get the size of a soccer ball and your urge nearly unbearable, before i would even think about to let you pee. 

All just for imagination. 

Can you imagine to hold it for money? 

Would that turn you on? 

I pay you for sex, you are begging for to pee before, because you are needing to go very bad, like the girl in my story, but i don’t let you go. I offer you extra money for holding it. Would that turning you on? 

I wrote a story „Pay with your bladder - -earn money with pee holding „ . There is a girl who wants extra money for pee holding, for bladder torture and for sex. 

Would that imagination turn you on?? 

I think that is a special kind of erotic and a special kind of horniness!!? 

*007*2024-07-29 16:35

{{6 hours ago, wether said: 

No I haven't. 

}}

I haven’t as well, but i think it must be so very, very arousing to offer a girl money for not going to the loo, for not doing a much needed wee. 

Money for holding it back until she can’t anymore, until her absolutely limit of endurance, maybe a little over it. 

A holding competition would be great as well. 

To pay a lot of different girls for holding their pee as long as they can. 

The piece for the last 3 would be very high, especially for the winner. 

They are all strong and big bladdered girls with an iron will to win. 

They torture their bodies and their bladders to a unbelievable level. 

To see them cross their legs, to press their hands between their naked thighs on their under panties, exactly there where the girls wee is wanting to come out so urgently. 

To see them bending over and to see their swollen bellies with their big bulging bladder”s must be one of the most arousing things what i can imagine! 

I know that it is bad to enjoy to watch girls who are in pain from needing to piss so inhuman bad. 

But the girls don’t get forced to do that, they all suffer voluntarily for money. 

*010*2024-08-03 08:39

{{On 7/29/2024 at 8:07 PM, omocollegegirl said: 

I would view it as less of "selling the body" and more as doing something i love (i enjoy turning people on with my body and with my bladder) and getting paid for it! 

}}

Exciting that you like to turn people on with your body and with your bladder and that it would be a extra turn on for you to get money for it. 

It would turning you on to show me your bladder control and your ability to hold it and the knowledge that it makes me horny that you are needing to wee very badly and that your bladder is very, very full? 

It would be a extra turn on if i would offer you money for not going to the toilet, for holding it to your absolutely limit? 

For me would all that be very arousing at the other hand !! 

Would it turn you on to show me your bulging bladder to make horny? 

Would you let me press on it? 

*012*2024-08-05 08:15

{{On 8/4/2024 at 4:24 AM, omocollegegirl said: 

It's not really the money, it's more im turned on by the incentive the money creates. it feeds into one of my core turn ons about holding, that is, taking care of other needs before my bladder. the fact that i'm taking care of the money need first instead of my bladder's "need" turns me on so much. 

That said, getting money ain't bad either! it will help me pay for college lol 

}}

That sounds so hot what you wrote especially for someone like me who loves girls desperate to pee! 

You don’t care about the needs of your bladder, you suppress the urge of your bladder to be able to care about something that is more important. 

You make your bladder suffer for you to earn money and for a good life.

So hot that imagination!!! 

To think that you would earn money with your body, especially with your bladder, would turning on very much. 

The imagination to give you money for not doing a much needed wee, would be so very, very arousing for me and it would be a little bit immoral and dirty as well, but very, very hot!!! 

Hold your bladder, fill it up to its limit for a good life!!!!!! 

