The Holding Girl 2

Author: huberp76

*000*2024-07-03 20:57

There was a girl with a special habit and with a special lust.

Since she was very young she did like to hold her pee back and to suppress her urge as long as possible.

She did like to feel a strong need to wee and the feeling of a very full bladder.

She went with a girl in the same class who did like that as well.

When ever they spent time together, they encouraged each other not to wee even if it was already very necessary, because they wanted to see the other suffering.

When they went home after school to one of them, they went in the room and blocked the door.

Their bladders were very full to that time, because they didn’t use the bathroom the entire school day.

They didn’t wee since they left their home early in the morning and were needing to go since hours.

They laid down in the bed and started to torture each other. They pressed deep in the others abdomen and pushed and massaged their very full bladder.

Once they had the idea to go for a school outing without to wee in the morning. They wanted to see how long they would be able not to go to the toilet during the day.

Although they didn’t piss since before sleeping at the day before they could bear up not to go to the toilet until they were at home at evening.

Sure that they were both full to burst, but they did love it they was getting very horny about this.

They were already over 18 to that time and they used their games as sex games.

They tortured each other’s bladder and they stocked their young pussies until they had a heavy orgasm.

„Our“ girl wanted more, she was young, but she was like a little slut.She did love it to get fucked and could not get enough of it.

She had already sex with some boys, but not one of them was interested at her full bladder.

She wanted to have sex with a boy with her bladder that full like it was full with her friend and therefore she didn’t pee the entire day before her dates.

A new date, a new boy, as well a boy from her school. He was cute and handsome and the girl was attacked to him.

He had until now not many experiences with sex with girls, but what the girl didn’t know, he loved girls desperate to pee.

As usual did the girl not pee at her new dates and the „desperation lover“ did notice that and did like it.

At their third date they spent the entire day together and went later at evening to his room in his parents house.

The girl was needing to piss already very bad, her bladder became big as bowling ball and was stretched near to its limit, but she loved it and she hoped that the boy would fuck her very soon.

The boy on the other hand was aroused about the situation that the girl had not weed the entire day.

He did think about that the girl must need to wee very badly after holding it for such a long time and he could see that her belly was swollen from her very big overfilled bladder.

Other boys had asked her if she would need to the bathroom, but not he.

He did enjoy her desperation for the rest of the evening.

Near midnight he brought her home with his car.

The girls bladder was about to explode, she was needing so unbelievably urgently and already very painful.

She had to use all her power to keep her panties dry. She was so horny and in the same way so disappointed that she didn’t get fucked with her so very, very full bladder.

The boy on the other hand was horny as well very much. He could feel and see how bad that girl was needing to piss and he thought that he will make her drink much more at their next date.

He want to hear her pegging and whining for to wee!!

“Would she let me fuck her before i let her to the bathroom?“ he asked himself.

*001*2024-07-06 06:31

To see the girl rubbing her knees and to know why she was doing it was the boy turning on very much.

He was disappointed about himself that he was to shy to use that situation for to have sex with her when they were in his bed and her bladder was already visible bulging out.

The girl on the other hand noticed that the boy was turned on very much about her need to pee and she was happy about that it was arousing for him.

The boy wanted more of her desperation and made her wait and hold longer, he started to kiss her again and again whenever she wanted to get out of the car.

After a longer while she was getting out and the boy was following.

They were standing beside the car and the boy took her in his arms and kissed her a last time goodbye.

Now he was more horny than shy. He did take with both hands the firm ass of the girl and pulled her tight to his body. He pressed his bone hard penis hard against her bursting full bladder.

The girl moaned and groaned about the extra pressure from outside and crossed her legs.

“You are needing to wee! Don’t you? You need it very urgently?“said the boy and pressed harder and harder to torture her more and more.

“Oh yes, i need to piss sooo bad, you can’t even imagine how bad i am needing it. My bladder is full to burst.“ she answered but let him torture her and was happy about it.

After the last kiss went the girl with tight thighs in the house.

She was now sure that the boy was getting turned on about a full girl bladder and couldn’t wait for the next date to live her dreams with him.

The boy was so horny, he did think and imagine how big that bladder ball must have been in her belly, he did imagine how much yellow wee must have been inside that balloon.

He did imagine full of lust how stretched and expanded that „girlbladder“ must have been and how urgently she must have needed to piss and how tight she had to squeeze her young pussy to hold her urine of the entire day inside her.

It was amazing for him how much a full girl bladder was able to turn him on.

He could not wait as well until their next date, but would she again not go to the toilet? Would she again hold her wee the entire day? He thought to himself.

*003*2024-07-08 18:32

Saturday they had their next date but not early in the morning as the boy wanted for his special reason, it was about 1 pm as they met because the girl had something to deal with her parents.

They spent a joyful afternoon and the boy did take care that the girl did drink and that she didn’t go to the toilet.

It was not so easy, he was pretty nervous about to find always the right way to prevent her to wee somewhere, or not give her a chance to go.

Her bladder should be very full when he bring her home and then she should hold it like she did it last time. She should not piss before they would be at home.

His goal was obvious for the girl, she did know very well what he wanted to do with her, or what she not should do, but he didn’t know that she wanted the same and that they had both the same goal.

The girl‘s bladder should be full in the evening, very very full!!! Full to burst!!!

She did like to tease him and therefore she performed situations where she made the boy think that she will go to the toilet.

For example at the coffee shop, the boy payed the bill and wanted to leave as soon as possible. He didn’t want to give her a chance to go, but she said „ don’t hurry so much, wait just a few minutes for me, i just have…“

He was worried that she would go to pee now, but she told him that there is still mineral in the bottle and she have to make the bottle empty before they leave.

He was so much relieved about that, she did drink but didn’t not pee, her bladder had to stay full. Her bladder must have been already full because she did drink a lot but didn’t wee even once.

The girl did like to make him nervous and to tease him and he was getting worried about that she would wee so close before he could bring her home with her bladder very full.

A fast snack at the evening on a kiosk with no opportunity to wee for the girl.

She did wear a short skirt and was standing with her nude, sexy legs tight crossed.

She was needing to wee really already pretty badly, but she did that as well for purpose to turn the boy on.

The naughty little slut was knowing that the boy was getting horny about her need to pee and to see her cross her legs

One hour later they were both at their goal, the girl was lying with a very full bladder in the bed of the boy.

They were already naked except their undies. Just a little white panty for the girl but no bra.

The bladder of the girl was already visible in her flat belly and the hard penis of the boy was visible in his small briefs.

Both of them enjoyed that situation.

The girl was needing to pee really, really bad and wanted to get fucked finally, but the boy was still to shy to do it.

She had to wake him up, she had to turn him on and she did know the way to do it.

“I need to the loo very urgent, may i use your bathroom please.“ she asked.

To let her piss was the last thing what the boy wanted and therefore he asked „ Is this really necessary? You would have to dress up because my parents are in the living room.

Can‘t you wait until you are at home like you did last time?

“I am needing to piss since many hours, it would be really necessary and very urgent.“ she answered, did take the boys hand and putted on her swollen bladder.

“I am holding much more than 1 liter inside here.“ she continued and pressed his hand against her firm big bladder.

The boy did nearly cum in his undies.

“But today we met not until afternoon and last time we spent the entire day together and you could bear up until you was at home.“ whispered the boy full of horniness and still his hand on the girl’s bladder.

“There is no difference between last time and today, i have not weed today as well after at 7.30 am, i am holding it since my morning pee.

“But there is indeed a difference, this time i did drink a lot more, or better you made me drink a lot more!!! Didn’t you?

“Okay, i don’t go to the toilet, i stay in the bed if you promise me that you’ll be careful with my bladder, that you will not push and press on it.“ she continued.

The boy was now horny as hell, he forgot all his shyness.

{{21 hours ago, Frooger said:

Great story! Can't wait for next part

}}

Thank you, i am glad that you like it!

*004*2024-07-09 18:16

„You like it that i am needing to wee sooo bad !!!!!!?

You like it that i am holding my pee from the entire day and that my poor bladder is full to explode !!!?

You like it that i am holding it and that i don’t go although it is already hurting me!!?said the girl and putted again the boys hand on her swollen belly and pressed it inside.

“Do you feel how full and how hard my bladder is. Don’t you have a little mercy with me, or are you a sadist who likes it to see me suffer?“ asked the girl.

It was like you pushed a button, the boy was no more shy, he was horny and nearly brutal. He stripped his briefs and pulled the girls panties down under her knees.

He laid on top of her and pressed with all his weight his belly against the belly of the girl.

He was rubbing his hard penis on the bulging bladder of the girl. He did think at overfilled balloon inside her belly.

So many times he dreamed about that and now it was reality.

He pressed so hard against the bursting full girl bladder to torture it and to make the girl crazy from needing to piss.

“Oh yes, i love it that you are needing to pee so bad, i love it that you haven’t been at the toilet the entire day and that you have to hold it back for hours longer and NO i have no mercy with you and your horny bladder.

A girl’s bladder is made to hold, to get overfilled and it is made to get tortured, that is what i think since i can remember.“ said the boy and pushed, rubbed and pressed the girls belly.

The girl loved it as well to get tortured so much. She was accustomed to endure that because the girl from her school was a evil sadist as well, but now was a boy doing it with her and now she was so near her dreams, so near to get fucked with her bladder full to burst.

She wanted to animate the boy to torture her harder and then to fuck her finally. She did hear and know that such sadistic boy gets turned every more when girls a begging for mercy and for to stop the torture.

They just gets more brutal and that was it what she wanted, she should get forced to endure more than she is able to bear and therefore she whined “ i wet your bed if you don’t stop!! Stop please it hurts so much, my bladder will burst if you don’t stop it. It is unbearable, i can’t stand it anymore, please stop that.”

The boy was getting wilder and wilder and started to fuck her like a animal.

They fucked so hard and so long until they were breathless.

They were lying exhausted side by side. The girl had her hand between her thighs with one finger in her slit and hard pressed against her pee hole.

She looked to the boy and said “i need to pee so very, very, very bad and did try to smile.

Not even one hour later she said “sorry, i can’t bear up any longer, i have to use your bathroom now.”

This time she said it not to turn the boy on, this time she did mean it honestly, she was at her limit, but for the boy was no different, he was getting horny about her ultra strong need and so he said ”No You will not go to the loo now, you are a strong girl, you can hold it and you will hold it, you have to hold it, i don’t let you go.

The girls bladder became dangerous big and was bulging out a lot of her sexy, flat belly.

The boy caressed her swollen bladder and asked “what do you think how much you are holding inside there?”

”I don’t know, the most i ever held was 1.300 ml, but this is a lot more.” answered the girl.

The boy was intrigued and aroused about about that big urine ball, he was so horny that he started to fuck her again.

”Let me piss before, please, please let me piss, you will kill me, you burst my bladder if you don’t let me go.” was the girl whining and begging.

Her whining turned him on even more, than to have mercy with her.

The boy didn’t have much routine with girl pussies, but he could feel that this girl was very tight.

He could feel how she squeezed his penis, but maybe that was just because she had to squeeze so hard to keep her wee inside her.

As they were ready, the girl went out of the bed. She was standing with crossed legs and one finger on her pee hole.

“I can’t no more, i can’t any longer, i HAVE to piss now!!” she said and pissed in the paper basket beside the writing table.

”Oh my Gosh, that was so great and so hot, we should do that again.” said the boy.

”My bladder still hurts, but i agree, that was awesome, we should do that again and we should not wait for so long.” answered the girl.

