The visit

Author: huberp76

*000*2023-08-20 21:59

A boy visited with his girl friend, the girls parents at their summerhouse at the lake.

They were invited for a lunch and after that they were swimming in the lake and did lie in the sun for some hours until they went back late afternoon.

As soon as they were in the car said the girl “ i should have gone to the toilet before leaving.”

”You can go back in the house, we have time enough, i wait for you in the car.”said the boy.

”No, i don’t want to go back, i am holding it.”answered the girl.

”But that will last over 2 hours.” replied the boy.

”I can bear up for so long.” said the girl.

About 40 minutes later, they stopped at a petrol station for petrol, for a little snack and something to drink.

They wanted to take it in the car, because they did not wanted to loose time.

The girl did use the opportunity to go to the toilet.

A half an hour later, after they were ready with the snacks and the drink, said the girl “it’s getting very urgently now, i am needing to wee really bad .”

”You need to go again, after such a short time?” asked the boy.

”I have not been, the line was too long and i did not want to make you wait for so long.” she answered.

“Real? You was needing to wee pretty bad as we left, one hour ago and now you still have not weed, it is not a wonder that you are needing to go very bad.” Said the boy and asked “when did you have a wee last time?”

”In the morning at home.” she replied.

”That is absolutely impossible, you did not wee all day long, not even once since longer than 12 hours?” he wanted to know.

It was absolutely new for the boy that he was getting horny about the knowledge that his girlfriend was needing to wee so bad and about that she is holding it for so long.

”That is not impossible, i really did not wee all day, but now it is very, very urgently. You should bring me home, as soon as possible, before i doing it in my panties.” answered the girl.

The boy wanted more of it, suddenly he had so much time, he did drive extra slowly and stopped in the city at a kiosk for ice cream.

He did use all that he could use, to make the girl hold her bursting full bladder longer.

*002*2023-08-26 13:03

{{15 hours ago, Denial said:

Huberp76 is fast becoming my fave Omo author! If it pleases Senpai, I tried to continue this one a little more: (my take of part 2 of above)

All the time he did think about how badly she would have to wee and it was driving him crazy.

It did not matter, that the girl was sitting next to him, she did not realize that the boy was turned on, just by thinking about her being in need to pee.

It was like a secret of his.

At about 5:00pm, when they arrived at the destination of the boy, she had already leaked twice, but only a few drops.

The girl jumped out of the car and ran inside the house.

The boy followed her, he did not want to miss anything, he wanted to be there, when she would lose control.

She was running upstairs into her room, which had a toilet.

On her way upstairs she did leak a bit.

The boy followed her.

As soon as she arrived, she did try to open her jeans, but could not open them, because the zipper wouldn't move.

Her legs did wobble.

The boy saw her predicament and offered help.

She could not say no, because she was really, really bursting and the boy was the only person that was able to help her, but she did not know the reason why the boy wanted to help her.

He was very happy, because he knew the trick - the zipper in the jeans would stick whilst her bladder made her jeans too tight and the zipper was under tension.

The boy knew how to open the jeans and he was the only one that was able to do it.

The button and the zipper was designed in a way, that they were not possible to open, if the jeans were too tight.

The boy knew how to pull the zipper together so it would open and unzip freely, but he took his time and enjoyed feeling her squirm and moan.

He could have helped her at the lake, when they were swimming, or later, when they did lie in the sun for some hours, but the boy did not told the girl.

Finally the boy pulled her jeans down, and her panties too, and was rewarded with the sight of her bare, glistening pussy, leaking as he watched.

The girl stepped out of her jeans and went in front of the toilet.

The boy was standing behind her, because he was wanting to see it all.

The girl was not able to wait any longer, because of her jeans.

The boy was very horny, he was looking at her pussy, while she was starting to wee.

A huge amount of pee was flowing from her pussy, the girl was sighing with relieve.

It was a wonderful sight for the boy, seeing her pee.

The girl was standing there, peeing and sighing for over 10 minutes.

Then, when she was finally finished, she realized what the boy had seen, how her pussy did look, while she was weeing.

She was ashamed and wanted to run away, but the boy did not want to let her go, he wanted to show her, how much he did like it and how horny he was.

He started to kiss her, and soon they were lying on the floor, making love.

Later that night, when they were already finished and were cuddling and snuggling, said the boy, that he did really enjoyed the day, even if he had no chance for his own satisfaction, because they had to hurry, to arrive in time at the parents of the girl.

And the reason was, that he did like it so much, when she did not have a pee all day and did not get a chance, before she was home and then she did have to rush to the toilet, to prevent leaking.

The girl told him, that she did enjoy the day, too, because she was able to hold her wee for so long and that it was a pleasure to feel the relief, when she was finally able to wee, for so long.

- All credit to Hubertp, but my bad if he doesn't approve of my humble effort to continue his great work as a tribute. And yes, I had assistance from modern tech 🙂

}}

Thank you very much for your compliment.I am glad about, that you like my stories.

I like the way how you wrote a second part to my story.

I absolutely agree with you, it is so arousing for the boy to know that his girlfriend did not wee all day long and that she was needing to go very urgently and that she had to wait and to hold it back until at home.

Only the imagination how big and how full her bladder must be and how bad she must need to go, made him absolutely horny.

I like it as well that the girl did not even know that her friend was turned on so much from her strong and bad need and from her so much overfilled bladder.

I like it that her belly was so swollen with her big, expanded bladder, that there was no more room between her belly and the waist of her jeans.

The skin of her belly pressed so hard and tight against the zipper, so hard that the girl could not open it.

I think that the boy would love to feel how firm and tensed the girls bladder is and that he would love and enjoy to push her bladder back in her abdomen, to make her need worse and to see her squirm and hear her moan from needing to wee so unbelievable bad.

The boy did not know before how horny a frantic, desperate girl can make and the girl was proud of her ability to hold her wee back for such a long time and and she did not know, how good it feels, to let it out.

*003*2023-08-28 06:57

{{On 8/26/2023 at 3:03 PM, huberp76 said:

Thank you very much for your compliment.I am glad about, that you like my stories.

I like the way how you wrote a second part to my story.

I absolutely agree with you, it is so arousing for the boy to know that his girlfriend did not wee all day long and that she was needing to go very urgently and that she had to wait and to hold it back until at home.

Only the imagination how big and how full her bladder must be and how bad she must need to go, made him absolutely horny.

I like it as well that the girl did not even know that her friend was turned on so much from her strong and bad need and from her so much overfilled bladder.

I like it that her belly was so swollen with her big, expanded bladder, that there was no more room between her belly and the waist of her jeans.

The skin of her belly pressed so hard and tight against the zipper, so hard that the girl could not open it.

I think that the boy would love to feel how firm and tensed the girls bladder is and that he would love and enjoy to push her bladder back in her abdomen, to make her need worse and to see her squirm and hear her moan from needing to wee so unbelievable bad.

The boy did not know before how horny a frantic, desperate girl can make and the girl was proud of her ability to hold her wee back for such a long time and and she did not know, how good it feels, to let it out.

}}

The imagination that the girl is holding all the wee from the entire day in her bladder, the imagination that her bladder got so big and swollen, that it pressed so so hard against the waist of her jeans, that there is not enough room for the girl to open the button and the zipper, is absolutely arousing.

The boy did like to help her to open her jeans, but therefore he must press on her swollen belly, he must push her bladder back in her abdomen to get more space, to be able to open the button and the zipper.

It would have been possible for him to do that very fast, but he wanted to use the opportunity to press and push on the girls bursting full bladder so long as possible.

He did know very well that he would not get such a chance again as soon.

The boy said that he wants to help her, but in reality he wanted torture her and her so much overfilled girl bladder.

He could not get enough to press and to push on her bladder, to squeeze it and to poke it.

He wanted to make her urge and her need to wee as bad as possible, he wanted to see her squirm and wanted to hear her moan and whine from needing to wee so unbearable bad.

I think he did use that situation, to torture that poor girl for a really long time, before he opens her jeans, before he pull her jeans down on her thighs, before he can see her already wet, little panties and before he finally let her wee in front of him.

