Full bladder as learning aid

Author: huberp76

*000*2022-10-14 10:11

Two girls decided to learn together for a difficult exam.

They wanted to do that after school at one girls home. Late afternoon they went by bus to that girl. There was no free seat in the bus so that the they had to stand.

One of the girls was standing with her legs tight crossed.

“Do you need to go to the toilet?“ asked the other girl.

“Oh yes, i would “ was the short answer.

“And why did you not go before leaving the school?“

“Because of you.“ she answered.

„Why because of me, what have i to do with your full bladder?“ she wanted to know.

“I watch you since a long time and i noticed that you NEVER go to the toilet at school and that turns me on so much.

Your bladder must be very full every day when you leave and your urge to wee must be very strong after holding it for so long, but you never use the loo.

I don’t know why, but that is so exciting and arousing for me that you hold it day by day until you are at home and that was the reason for me that i did not go to day, i wanted to be at the same level as you, i wanted to to feel the same urge as you when we arrive at your home. answered the girl.

“ I am doing that since years, because i like that feeling of a full bladder and it turns me on by myself, needing to pee but don’t go and by the way, it turns me on too to know that you have not been all day long and that you are needing to wee, how it seems you would need it pretty bad.“ said the little bit taller and a little bit more curvy girl.

The slim girl was standing with her slender legs tight crossed and was rubbing her knees more and more together.

“Is it that bad?“ asked the curvy with relish.

“Oh yea it is, but it feels good. I usually go least once or twice in the school.

My bladder is now really, really full, it’s getting very urgent, i think i have to use your toilet as soon as we arrive at your home.“she answered.

The „holding girl „did like the situation and she did know very well that she will do all she could do to prevent the thin girl from using her toilet.

There was nobody at home and so they went straight in the girls sleeping room.

The skinny pressed her hands between her slim thighs, crossed her legs and blended over.

“Please show me your bathroom before i wet my panties.“ said the desperate girl and asked „how can you endure that every day? You must be full to burst as well ?!?“

“ You can endure that too, you just have to try it and you will see that gives you a lot of pleasure and maybe it brings for us two a lot of pleasure and joy.“ was the answer and made the slim girl sitting on her bed.

She grabbed with one hand under her short skirt and was sliding on the slim thigh up to the panties. „ Are your panties still dry?“ she asked and pressed the fabric of the panties in the girls slit.

„But they will not stay dry if we you don’t show me your bathroom very soon.I need to wee really bad, i can’t hold it much longer.“answered the skinny.

“Sure you can hold it much longer and no i don’t show you my bathroom and no, you will not pee now!“ said the curvy.

Both girls were very full and both girls were very horny.

They were lying on the bed and stripped each other until they were totally naked.

„You are really pretty full down there.“ said the taller girl and pressed on the thin girls bulging bladder. „Tell me since how long do you need to go? How does it feel? Is it bad? Does it hurt you?“she wanted to know.

“I need to wee since before noon, at noon i usually go to the toilet, but i did not go to day and now i have to pee really, really bad and if you further push on my bladder i‘ll wet your bed.

But your belly is more swollen than my, you must need to pee very bad as well!? How long do you need to go.“asked the skinny.

“Oh yes i need to wee very bad too, i need to go since i waked up in the morning.“ she answered.

“But i mean since when did you need to go again after your morning pee“ she wanted to know.

“I did not have a morning pee, i did not go to the bathroom this morning, i did not wee since yesterday evening, i wanted to be super full for our meeting this afternoon and if i am totally honest, i wanted to make you super full too, i wanted to see you desperate and i wanted to make you hold.

I indent to make you drink and then prevent you from going to the toilet, but now i am so absolutely happy that you did not wee for you own all day, that your bladder is full and that you need to wee so bad.“answered the curvy and pressed hard on the skinny girls thin belly, exactly on her swollen bladder what was bulging visible out between her pregnant hipbones and up to her navel.

The skinny let her do it, she is moaning and trembling from needing to wee so bad and from getting her overfilled bladder so much tortured.

Harder and harder pressed the curvy girl in the abdomen and on the firm bladder of the slim girl until she said „more can i really not endure, if you press more harder i will piss your bed totally wet.“

„ To think that you did not wee since yesterday evening and to feel how hard and how full your bladder is, turns me totally on.“ she completed and push hard on the bladder bulge from the curvy, so hard that she was grabbed for air and started groaning.

“You naughty girl likes to torture me and my poor hurting bladder, that must get punished!“ said the curvy and pushed deep in her belly and said that she has to drink a extra large glass of water for punishment.

“I love it so much to do what we are doing, but if you make me drink, we have to stop it because i will then not be able to hold it any longer, my bladder will not be able to hold more wee inside.“said the skinny.

“ You can hold it, you can hold more than you think, much more.

We are here to learn together and that is it what we are doing, i will teach you how to hold your pee, i will be a good teacher, you know am holding my bladder since yesterday evening, i know what i am talk about.“ answered the curvy and brought her a glass of water.

The skinny was a good pupil and did drink it.

The two girls caressed each other, they kissed and they had their own fingers deep inside of the pussy from the other girl.

Both girls had sex before with boys, but it was for both the first time to have sex with another girl and they were nearly in the heaven of lust.

They forgot for a short time their bursting full bladders, or maybe their unbelievable strong pee urge increased their lust and was a part of their good sex.

Half an hour later the skinny said that she can’t anymore, she can’t endure it any longer and said that she has to go to the toilet before she will piss in the bed.

Her bladder was grown out from her super slim belly and became hard as a stone.

“ Oh no you don’t go to the toilet, you can hold it, you have to hold it, i don’t let you go, because i am holding it too and my bladder hurts since hours and is near to explode, but a girl bladder has to endure that!“ said the curvy and told her that she is dreaming since a long time when they are at gym, when she could see her wonderful skinny body, to see her bladder bulging out from her thin belly and to see those sexy, slender legs tight crossed from needing to wee so bad and now her dream has come true, now they lie together in the bed both frantic to pee.

The curvy pressed her soccer ball size bladder hard against the bladder bulge from the skinny and kissed her.

“It hurts so much, but it feels so good!“ moaned the skinny.

“Next time I’ll teach you to hold your full morning bladder all day long.“ said the curvy and kissed her new girlfriend.

*003*2022-11-13 22:31

About one hour later the skinny wanted again out of the bed, she wanted to the bathroom , „it’s getting unbearable for me to hold it back any longer, i can’t no more, i have to pee now.“she said to her friend.

The skinny ‚s bladder was filled with over one liter of hot urine, her bladder has grown to a size that it was to big for her thin lower abdomen, there was not enough room inside her.

Her one liter peeball curved out of her slim, flat belly, it was firm and hard and the skin was visible stretched above.

Usually her belly is soft and curved inside between her pregnant hipbones, but now it looks like she has a ball inside her tummy.

“Your super slim body is so unbelievable sexy and it gets even more sexy with this little bulge in your thin belly. Cross your legs and hold it!“ said her friend, caressed the bulge and pressed softly on it.

“It hurts so bad, i have to pee now, let me go, please.“ was the skinny begging.

“I did not pee since 19 hours, my bladder is full to explode, but i still don’t go, i hold it for you!

You had your morning pee, you hold your bladder just for only 10 hours and you think that you have to go, you don’t have to, you can hold it and you’ll hold it for me, you’ll hold it for us and for our fun.

I don’t let you to the bathroom, i don’t let you pee!“ said the curvy and pressed her body hard against the body of the skinny.

Especially belly against belly and bladder against bladder, so hard that they both moaned from needing to wee so really, really bad and painful.

Two more hours they tortured each other’s bladder, two more hours they kissed and two more hours they had their fingers on and in their pussy until they had a super strong orgasm.

Then they went in the shower and pissed full force with high pressure for extreme long.

Their thighs, their legs and their feet were wet with the urine from both.

They did meet once a week for learning that way.

The skinny had to learn to hold her morning pee and for that reason they met at holly days before noon with with their bladders full from the night.

The thin girl was not allowed to pee in the morning, she had to bring her very full bladder to their learn meetings and then she was made to hold and was getting tortured.

*007*2022-11-19 12:31

{{ 

On 11/14/2022 at 4:38 AM, SpaceWonderer said:

Awesome new chapter, I'd like to see more about them.

}}

Thank you, i am glad you like it!

*008*2022-11-19 12:39

{{ 

On 11/14/2022 at 5:47 PM, HereToRest said:

This chapter is really exciting! I hope this story will continue to see the real limit of the slim girl after her training !

}}

I think that she should get trained very hard and that her limit should get improved more and more until she and her bladder reaches the ultimate limit!!

*009*2022-11-19 22:46

Before I go on, I’ll give the two girls a name.

Let me call the skinny: “Lily “ and

@@the curvy “Moly”

At that special holiday was the door bell ringing at Moly’s house.

It was about 10 am. She was alone at home, her parents were at work.

Moly opened the door she saw Lily standing outside.

The skinny did wear a super short dress and showed her slim, bare legs nearly up to her panties.

”Lily, you looks gorgeous !” said the curvy.

”You look great too.” answered the skinny.

Moly did wear the tiniest and most tight fitting shorts and a short shirt.

Her belly was nude and she looked more sexy than it should be allowed.

”Have you been a good girl?” asked Moly.

”Oh yes i have been a good girl and i am still a good girl. I did not wee since i went to sleep last night.

I had to go pretty bad as i waked up in the morning, but i did not go, i am still holding back my wee and now i am here with my bladder very full and a strong urge to wee, like you told me that i have to come.”said Lily and cross her super slim and super sexy legs.

”You are my girl ! I really love you.” said the curvy and kissed the skinny.

“I never kissed a girl before you and i never suppressed my strong morning urge so long.

I did not wee since more than 12 hours and my urge is already very bad . How much longer do i have to hold it?” wanted Lily know.

”Until your limit, until you can’t any longer. I am holding it with you, i did not pee since yesterday before dinner, not since 16 hours .” said Moly.

They went into Moly’s room, stripped each other’s clothes and did lie down to the bed.

They kissed and caressed each other tender, especially at their abdomen where they were holding a lot of hot girl urine inside.

Moly’s over full bladder curved out and made her belly swollen and round.

Lily’s overfilled bladder was pregnant and the contours was bulging visible out between her hipbones.

“Your thin body is so great and soooo sexy!

At gym i dreamed so many times to see your body totally naked and i dreamed so many times that there would be bursting full bladder inside this gorgeous body.

Now my dream has come true, you lie beside me completely naked and your bladder is full from yesterday.” said the curvy and pressed soft in the skinny girls belly.

Harder and harder pressed Moly on the girls bulging bladder until Lily moaned and said “more pressure i can’t endure, if you press harder, I’ll piss in your bed.”

”Oh no, you’ll not do that, you are a good girl, you’ll hold it for me, you can endure more much more.” answered Moly.

Lily pressed as well hard on Moly’s swollen abdomen.

Both girls had two of their fingers deep in the slit of the other girl.

After a longer while they went totally naked to the kitchen for something to eat and to drink.

On the way back stopped the skinny and crossed her sexy legs very hard. “I need to wee so bad, i can’t stand that much longer!” she said.

”I know that it is pretty bad already, i can feel it by myself, but you can bear much more, you must just believe at yourself.” said Moly and pinched the little, firm ass of Lily.

They had time to watch a video, they did lie side by side, tortured each other’s bladder and stimulated each other’s pussy.

They were both so horny like never before.

The large drinks from lunch were to much for the girls, their bladders were hard as a rock and full to explode.

”I can’t bear it anymore, i have to piss now, let me to the bathroom before my bladder burst!”was Lily begging.

”Oh no, you will not piss now and not for some hours longer!” answered Moly and pressed her body with all her weight against Lily’s body.

They twisted their legs together and pressed their bellies with their bulging bladders so hard together that they were shaking at all their bodies from needing to pee so unbelievable bad and painful.

The thin girl was so frantic to pee, her bladder was pressed so hard that her urine was nearly coming out from her eyes.

She had tears in her eyes from needing to wee so horrendous bad, but Moly did not let her to the bathroom, she told her that she can endure more and that she has to endure more.

Poor Lily did not wee since 18 hours and was not allowed to go to the toilet.

*010*2022-11-21 19:19

Lily was a very slim girl, but she had strong muscles, especially her sphincter was very strong.

Her bladder was getting tortured so much, that overfilled and hurting thing in her thin belly was getting pressed and pushed so hard that she was trembling from needing to wee so bad, but the young girl was able to hold it, she did not even leaking.

„That is not to bear, i can’t endure that anymore, please let me pee.

You told me that i have to hold it until i can’t anymore, now i can’t no more.“ said Lily.

Moly stopped to torture their both bladders and laid down beside Lily „ i don’t let you wee, you are such a strong girl you can hold it!!“

She told her that she is holding all her urine from 22 hours inside her and that she think that Lily should be able to hold it as well that long.

Lily answered that it would be impossible for her not to wee for some hours longer.

She said that she could not imagine that it can be possible need to wee so urgently like she does it at the moment and she could not imagine that it can get so painful to hold it back for so long and she could not imagine that the bladder can hurt so much, but this kind of pain makes on the other hand so absolutely horny, she said.

„The feeling needing to wee so bad, but don’t go, to suppress the urge for so long and to force the bladder to stretch and expand until to the size of a pumpkin makes so horny and to see your belly swollen from your large overfilled bladder is more than arousing.“ said Lily and pressed hard on the curvy‘s bladder.

„You naughty, skinny brat, what do you think what you are doing to me?“ said Moly and poked deep in Lily’s abdomen.

Lily moaned from pain and lust!!

They did not have much more time, because Moly’s parents will be home at about one hour.

They tortured each other heavily , they kissed and they treated each other’s young cunt until they climaxed.

They walked bending over to the bathroom, none of them could stand upright anymore.

Moly took a measuring jug, opened her crossed legs and pissed full force 1250 ml in the jug.

The skinny was standing beside, bending over, one finger on her peehole and her sexy, slim legs tight knotted.

She was frantic to pee!! To see and to hear Moly pissing so hard was extra torture for her, it was more than a girl can usually endure.

After Moly emptied the jug, could finally Lily piss her bladder pain away.

It was visible how the bulge was getting smaller and smaller.

At last her belly was flat and a little curved inside her pregnant hipbones.

She achieved 1160 ml.

Moly held the jug, full with hot, dark yellow girl wee in her hand and said „ unbelievable that you skinny thing could hold so much wee in your thin belly.“

“I did not hold it in my belly, the biggest part of my bladder was bulging out.“ answered Lily and smiled.

The curvy girl told her that she is impressed that Lily was able to hold so much pee inside her, but she has to train her hard until she will be able to hold the same amount, or better more, much more, than she is able.

“More is not possible! I think 5 minutes longer and i would have pissed myself.“ said Lily.

“Sure you can more, I’ll teach it you, there is a unlimited room for your bladder outside of your sexy, skinny belly!“ answered Moly.

Then she told her that they will make a school outing in the first week after school beginning.

The outing will last from 8 am when the bus is leaving until they come back at 7 pm.

They would take that outing for a challenge for their bladders, they would not pee all day long.

„It would be a challenge not to pee all day, but not a really big challenge, after this long holding day today.“said Lily.

“ No pee all day, that means no pee all day, not even in the morning!

We go in the bus with our bladders already very full and then we hold it back until the end of the outing.

No one of us is allowed to use a loo! The only opportunity to pee, is doing it in the panties in front of all the other and i think that we want do that.

After arriving we go to my home, my parents are not there that week and then our bladders will be up to our navel to that time, but we will still not pee, we hold it until we explode.“ explained Moly.

“You are crazy! We can’t endure that!

How can we hide our need in front of the other, especially of the boys.

There are always a lot of boys, what will they think if they see us crossing our legs?

We can’t do that!“ said Lily.

“Sure we can do it and sure we will do it and who cares about the boys, maybe they like to see us suffer!? Some boys love to see us girls desperate and full to burst.

The day before, you will stay overnight at my home with me and i don’t let you to the toilet in the morning, i don’t let you piss, no matter how bad you would need to go, you have to hold it, until we come back at the evening!” said Moly.

*011*2022-11-26 13:33

For some reason Lily could not stay overnight at Moly’s home the night before their school outing.

On that special day, they met a little before 8 am at the bus station.

“How are you?“ were the first words from Moly as she saw Lily.

“ I am full and i am needing to wee!! Is it that what you want to hear?“ asked Lily.

“Oh yes that sounds good and i love it. My bladder is very full as well , i think we will have a great day - evening- night ? together.“

“I should already go to the toilet very urgently now i can’t imagine to hold it back until at home.“ answered the skinny.

“You can and you will, it will be a great challenge for us, but we will have much pleasure together.“ replied the curvy.

Two and a half hours later they stopped at their first destination.

There was a public toilet and many of them, boys and girls, did use it for to pee.

Our two girls of course not! They were waiting outside and there were also two boys who did not use the opportunity for to pee.

“Look, two girls with a strong bladder.“ said one of the boys to the other at a loudness that the girls could hear it.

“Not full enough for to pee?“ asked the boy the two girls.

“Full enough, but we can wait.“ answered Moly.

„The same with us, it‘s not necessary to piss every 2 hours, we always put it off until it gets really necessary, that can last sometimes all day long.

It can feel really good to have to bladder full but don’t go.“ said one of the boys.

Lily did not like that kind of dialogue, she was to shy to talk with boys about her humanly needs and about pee holding.

The boys on the other hand, did not let their eyes from the girls, they did try to stay near to them touring the outing.

At lunch they did take place at the same table. Before they did leave for the next destination, nearly all of the boys and girls went to the toilet, except our four.

“Still not full enough for to pee?“ wanted one of the boys know.

“And what is about you two ?“ asked Moly.

“We decided not to go at this journey, we are strong boys, we are strong enough to hold it until we are at home. Maybe we go for a drink after we arrive. Just for a drink, but not for to piss.“ answered the boy.

“We are strong girls, we can wait too.“ replied Moly.

Lily did not know how long she would be able to wait, she was needing to wee so bad, that it was nearly impossible for her to hide her strong urge anymore.

She did not wee since more than 16 hours and she is needing to go since she waked up in the morning 7 hours ago.

How much longer can she suppress her urge, how long can she keep her little panties dry, how long would it last until the boys notice that her bladder is already bulging out of her thin belly.

At 5 pm they had all a chance for a last pee before leaving at home.

They would not stop anymore before the bus terminal at their home down.

That means 2 1/2 hours no chance to pee.

It was getting to a kind unverbalized competition between the girls and the boys, especially between Moly and the boy who was the speaker.

Lily and the other boy did not talk very much, but it was obviously that they did suffer more from needing to pee, than the other two.

The boy wanted to invite all of them for a large drink before they did leave, on purpose to torture the girls bladder even more and to see them suffer and cross their legs at the way at home.

The boy was needing to piss really bad as well, but he did love it to hold a very full bladder for hours and he did love to make his friend suffer a painful urge and now he had a totally new situation, with the two girls who were needing to wee as well very bad.

It was impossible for the girls to drink a large coke, they did not wee since 19 hours, their bladders were like big heavy ball’s inside their bellies, their girl bladders would explode with so much extra liquid and no chance to wee for minimum 3 more hours, but Moly did not wanted that it seemed like they were weak, she had to admit that they did not pee that morning.

”Oh my god, you two are even more crazy as we are.” said the quiet boy and told them that he was watching how Lily’s bladder was growing out of her thin belly.

” Moly’s bladder must be bigger than her large breasts, but Lily’s bladder must have the double size, or more.” said the boy.

The chatty guy was impressed from the performance of the girls and said “how can you girls hold your morning pee all day long? You must be full to burst!!?”

He did order just small coke’s for the girls and after they had finished they went to the bus.

The boys with their bladder full from the day and with a boner in their pants from knowing that the girls did not wee since yesterday evening, that their bladders were full to burst and that they would not get a chance to wee for minimum 3 hours more.

*012*2022-12-04 08:08

{{ 

On 11/30/2022 at 10:50 PM, JD0417 said:

Please continue this ASAP thank you

}}

I am glad you like it.

*014*2022-12-06 19:33

Back in the bus, they did take a seat combination for 4 person.

The boys were sitting in one row and the girls opposite.

The bus was still standing at the parking lot.

One of the teachers said that we should take the chance to use the toilet before we leave because we would not stop anymore and the journey would last a little bit longer than 3 hours.

One of the girls said loud „ 3 hours without a pee stop that is torture.“

Our mixed couple looked at each other and the quiet boy, let me call him Daniel, said „ for me it will become more than a torture, because it is already torture by now for me.

“ Don’t overstate, i did let you do your morning pee, what do you want more, you hold it since only 10 hours.

Look at the girls, they did not pee since yesterday evening , they are holding it since 17 hours and they don’t wail, that is it what i call performance.

I think i have to teach and to train you to skip your morning pee and hold it also all day long .“ said the dominant boy. Let me call him Peter.

“I really need to pee very bad, but i can endure that for 3 or 4 hours longer.

But i can’t imagine how you girls can stand it not to pee for so long? That must be absolutely painful, isn’t it?“asked Daniel.

“We are trained from young age to hold it. There are so many situations where we girls have to wait and to hold, but boys can go.

At long car rides, the boys stop somewhere and piss beside the car, we girls have to wait with our very full bladder until we arrive, or at bus trips, sometimes the bus stop anywhere to let the boys piss, we girls would need to pee as well, but can’t squat in front of the boys, we have to hold it, or at a kiosk, a group of girls and boys, they all drink a lot, there are no toilets around, the boys find always a place, a bush, a tree or something where they can pee, but we girls have to hold it sometimes for hours, no matter how bad we would need to go and how painful it gets to hold it back.

We girls are made to hold it!!!

I don’t use the school toilet at all, i hold it day after day from morning when i leave until i come back home and Lily is doing the same since some weeks.

And yes, it hurts sometimes and i gets painful, but it is another kind of pain, a pain what awakes horniness and a pain what feels good.

It‘s arousing need to wee but don’t go, to hold it back for so long as absolutely possible.

I love if someone other is desperate, it turns me on so much to know that Lily would need to wee so bad at the moment, that has not weed for soooo extreme long.“ answered Moly.

The boys had a visible bulge in their pants, from hearing that, from their own full bladder and from knowing that the girls are holding their wee since yesterday evening.

They wanted more of it, it should not stop at the end of the journey and for that reason Peter wanted invite the girls to a coffee shop after arriving.

The girls should drink more and they should hold it longer, Daniel should suffer as well longer, because he loves to see his friend desperate and he loves to torture him and his strong boy bladder.

It was similar, Peter was strong and muscular , he dominated Daniel, who was very slim.

Moly was curvy and dominated Lily who was very skinny.

Molly loved the skinny body from Lily and was attracted from Peter.

Peter loved the thin body from Daniel and did get turned on from the curvy body from Moly.

Lily loved her new girlfriend and liked the slim body from Daniel and Daniel loved the strong body from his friend and was horny about the skinny Lily.

All of them connected the lust of pee holding, the lust for their own full bladder and for to see others desperate.

Moly thanked Peter for inviting, but told him that they would have no time after arriving, because her parents are away for the weekend and Lily would stay overnight with her and she can’t wait to have sex with her and her big and so much overfilled bladder.

Peter was disappointed about it, but on the other hand he was turned on so much from that situation and from knowing what the girls wanted to do after.

Without to think twice he asked „ can we come with you? Can you take us two to your house?“

“That will be not possible.“ answered Moly.

Peter was now much more disappointed about to miss the opportunity to spend more time together with his friend and the two girls with their bladders so very, very full and maybe to miss the chance to have a full bladder sex with all of them, especially with Moly.

Daniel was sitting opposite from Lily, he could not get his eyes away from Lily’s bare, slim thighs.

He did imagine how hard she had to squeeze her slit and her peehole between her wonderful sexy thighs tight and shut to keep her little panties dry.

He dreamed about to see her little pussy underneath her panties.

Unbelievable how much Lily turned him on.

After 10 minutes silence, the sadistic Moly said “I make you a offer, if you boys drink now a large coke here in the bus then you can come with us, maybe you can spend all night with us!?

But you will be not allowed to piss for the rest of the day, i will close the bathroom as soon as we are at home and don’t open it anymore until earliest tomorrow 1 am.”

”Oh yes we do that!! We drink and we will hold !!” said Peter and went for two coke’s to the cool box, in front of the bus.

As he came back Daniel said “ I absolutely can drink anything more , I am have to piss since hours, i already need to go like crazy, i can’t drink and hold it for 7 hours longer, i can’t bear that, my bladder will explode, if i do that.”

”you can stand it, you simply have to stand it ! We will never get such an offer , drink now!” said Peter.

Daniel would love to see Lily’s great, super slim body naked and maybe he would get a chance to fuck her, with her bladder full to burst, that was it what he wanted to do so badly, so he did take the coke and did drink it at once, without consideration of his own bladder!

The boys did not pee since 7 am, they did drink a large drink at lunch, they did drink before leaving and they did drink a large coke now here in the bus.

The girls did not wee only one drop since over 20 hours, they are needing to go since they waked up early in the morning and are willing to hold it back for minimum 6 hours longer.

How will the journey go on, how will that evening go on and how will the night end????

*015*2022-12-08 12:23

Moly and Peter did like to torture their own bladder and they did love to see Lily and Daniel suffer so much from needing to pee so bad.

They wanted to make the two skinny’s hold it until they can’t stand it anymore.

A little later Lily said “ I think that i can’t endure it much longer, in no case another 6 hours.”

”Sure you can! You are such a strong girl which such a strong bladder, you can stand that.

And what else will you do, i don’t let you to the bathroom, will you pee in your cute little panties?? I think you are already to old for that!

You have no other way than to hold it.” said Moly very forceful.

” Really bad what they are doing with us, they don’t even let us pee if we would need it so bad.” said Daniel to Lily.

”I can see your bladder bulging out from your belly, it’s not to believe that you can endure that.

I could not even imagine that a girl is able to hold her wee for longer than 20 hours.” said Daniel.

He lifted his shirt to show his slim bare abdomen and said “ my belly is pretty swollen as well, from my overfilled bladder.”

Daniel’s eyes were constantly on and between Lily’s naked thighs.

Sometimes he could see her panties and sometimes he could see how she squeezed with her hands her thighs very hard.

He could not get enough from seeing her fight against her strong urge, but on the other hand his own urge was getting stronger and stronger from all the drinks.

He squeezed his thighs at the same way from needing to go so bad.

”Can you two skinny’s stop to act like little children, can you not try to hold it like big girls and big boys should do that.” said Peter.

When they arrived they had to wait outside for some minutes, because the teacher told them something.

Lily was standing with her wonderful, slim legs tight crossed, it was for everybody clear why she was doing that.

The girl from before, who said that three hours without a pee stop can get a torture whispered “ i told you, 3 hours can get really long if you have to go.”

Lily who have not weed since more than 21 hours did not answer, she just smiled.

*016*2022-12-27 21:19

2

On the way to Moly’s parents house Peter said “that large coke is starting to hurt a lot, i think it was not a really good idea to drink so much.”

“ Self inflicted, no mercy with you, i hope it will get painful for you and your bladder, but why do i have to suffer? Just because you want to see me suffer!?” said Daniel.

”I hope that to see you suffer, will be not the only reason for this evening.” answered Peter and smiled.

”Who wants to see us girls suffer, has to suffer for his self .” said Moly.

A little later they were in the living room of the house.

Moly closed the bathroom door, took the key and told them that she would not open before midnight whatever would happen, not even if someone’s bladder would explode.

Then she served something to drink and proposed to watch a video.

They were sitting very close together on a large sofa and could feel each other’s body.

Peter did love to feel Moly’s Curves and Daniel loved to feel Lily’s naked thighs on his own naked thighs.

He could not resist to put his hand on her knee and at the inside of her slim thighs. That was it what he wanted to do since hours and Lily did let him do it.

They came closer and closer with their heads and suddenly they kissed with their tongues deep in the others mouth.

” Hey, what are you two doing here, Lily is my girl.” said Moly.

”But not for that evening, this evening you have to share her with me.” answered the usual quiet Daniel.

”And Lily has to share you with me for this evening.” said Peter, laid his strong arm around Moly’s curvy hips and kissed her.

They watched not really video and because of their full bladders they did not really drank much.

Time after time, moaned one of them from needing to wee so bad.

They could have filled together a bucket with their urine what they were holding back in their hurting bladders.

The boys were beginning to strip the girls and stripped them self except to their undies.

Daniel could finally see Lily’s wonderful, thin, sexy body nearly naked.

He was afraid as he saw the girls belly and how much her big bladder was bulging out from her abdomen.

On one hand he was totally turned on and aroused to see such a big bladder in such a thin abdomen and on the other hand he was worried about that she could hurt herself.

He caressed her swollen belly, he could feel her bladder under the thin, stretched skin over her bladder and he could feel how hard her urine ball was.

”How can you stand that, how can you endure to hold so much wee inside you? Do you have your peehole plugged, or are you holding it with your own power?” asked Daniel.

”I am holding it with my own willpower and with my own body power.” answered Lily.

Peter kneaded Moly’s large breasts and pushed hard in her belly, to torture her poor bladder full from 24 hours.

She moaned loud from needing to pee so bad and so painful and crossed her legs to keep her panties dry.

They were getting more and more horny and started to touch among themselves.

They kissed each other’s, girls with girls, boys with boys and boys with girls and girls with boys and they started to torture each other’s, they pressed and pushed their bursting full bladders.

*017*2022-12-31 12:23

Moly was chuffed to spend the night with her new girlfriend, now it was different, but she enjoyed that new situation, especially Peter’ desire for her and how he treated her. He was tender to her curvy, young body, but brutally to her so much overfilled bladder.

Peter had stripped already Moly’s panties and had his fingers deep inside her.

Moly and Peter were naked, but the “skinny’s” did still wear their little panties.

Daniel was lying with his cheeks on Lily’s naked, slim thighs, just a few inches away from her flavorsome young cunt.

“ I am holding it now since exactly 24 hours, but i don’t believe that i can bear up for two and a half hours longer, my bladder is near to explode.” whispered Lily to Daniel crossed her legs and caressed her swollen belly with one hand.

” I am sure you can, you are a girl and you girls are so good in pee holding. I really admire you for your performance and for your ability to suppress your bodily needs for so unbelievable long .” whispered Daniel silently in Lily’s ear.

”I never before i held it for so long , i need to wee so unimaginable strong and urgently, but i believe you like that, i think that you like to see me suffer so much!?

And what do you mean with i am a girl? Do you think that we girls have a stop valve between our thighs which we can open and close as required ?” said the girl.

”I am sorry, but i really love it, to know that you have not weed since yesterday evening, that you are still holding your pee from the night before and from all this day inside you.

To see your overfilled big bladder bulging out of your wonderful slim abdomen, drive’s me nearly crazy.

If girls don’t have a stop valve between their thighs, then show me what you else have between your gorgeous sexy thighs.” said the usual shy Daniel strong from the power of horniness and pulled Lily’s little panties down under her knees.

All the bus ride homeward, as he looked permanent between her naked thighs he dreamed therefrom to see the girls naked slit and now he finally could see her shaved pussy and he could yet touch it.

He opened her closed lips with one finger and pushed his finger deep inside her.

Lily did let him do it and pushed Daniels extra small briefs down on his slim boy legs and did take his bone hard dick in her warm hand.

On one hand wanted Daniel fuck Lily so bad on the other hand he was near the limit of his own endurance, he had to stay horny to be able to stand the next two hours without to piss.

Just a little later he said to Moly” it is getting really unbearable, can’t you please open the bathroom before our bladders will burst?”

”Oh yes, let us finally pee, that is inhuman to make us hold so long and to torture us so much, that hurts and is so painful.” said Lily.

”No absolutely no we have a deal, i don’t open the bathroom before 1 am, you two skinny’s will have to hold it no matter how bad it will get, I’ll not let you go even your bladders will burst!” answered Moly.

”That is not Fair!” said Lily.

”What is here not fair, Peter and i are bursting as well and we hold it. A deal is a deal!” answered Moly.

Peter had already sex with Moly and tried not to cum, because he had to stay horny for being able to hold it.

They all had their bladder full to burst and they all were horny as hell from knowing that everyone of them was frantic to piss.

Their horniness had to be greater than their „needing to pee urge pain“ for to bear up longer.

They had mixed sex with each other without to cum.

It was nearly midnight, Lily wailed more and more from needing to wee so bad, she has not weed since 25 hours, she was near her limit of endurance, but the more she moaned and groaned, the more she knotend her sexy, slim legs, the more were the others get turned on from her moves and from her cant.

Daniel who could not even move anymore without to torture his own bladder, started to unbraid Lily super slim, super sexy, naked legs, to be able to fuck her.

Lily who did not even know anymore how to stand the pressure in her bladder and how being able to hold her wee inside her without to cross her legs, did let him do it.

She did know that it would hurt her, but she was horny since hours and she finally wanted to get fucked from that skinny boy who’s bladder was full to burst as well.

Peter caressed Lily’s wonder body and kneaded her small but firm breasts and Moly the worst, pressed and pushed hard on Lily’s lower abdomen to torture her bladder during Lily got fucked.

Lily had one penis deep inside her and she had six hands on her body distributed.

Lily’s skinny super sexy body was getting loved, caressed and tortured at the same time.

Lily was nearly getting crazy from lust, from horniness and from needing to piss so unbearable.

After all of them had a wild orgasm, they wanted nothing more than to piss their bladder pain away.

They were waiting in front of the bathroom door until Moly opened.

They were blended over, had their legs tight crossed, the boys squeezed their dick‘s and the girls had a one finger on their peeholes.

Moly said that she would not let them piss in the WC they would have to piss in a bucket in front of each other.

No one of them said something against her suggestion, every body wanted just to piss as soon as possible before their bladders will burst.

They all pissed with high pressure, the girls with a extra strong jet and a extra loud hissing sound.

It splattered and pattered extreme long in the bucket before their bladders were empty from all the wee that they were holding since 26 hours.

The bucket was filled with a little bit more than 5.000 ml hot boy’s and girl’s urine.

They went back for to sleep for some hours.

They lay beside each other, over each other and had their hands on all parts of their young bodies.

The bellies of the two skinny’s were flat again, their skin curved now inside between their pregnant hipbones when they were lying on their back.

In the morning they waked up horny and full with hot wee and ready for sex again.

*018*2023-01-07 11:52

It was a great day, a great evening and a great night for all of them, especially for the boys and therefore the boys wanted to continue this “quadripartite relation “between them.

They wanted another night like that as soon as possible, but Moly wanted to have her girlfriend for her own and so she did put off a next meeting.

Moly and Lily had one week holiday and they decided to go to an open air swimming pool. It was late spring time and not warm enough for swimming, but they could lie in the sun and they could show their young pretty bodies in tiny bikini’s.

Moly her good size breasts, her curvy hips and her firm ass and Lily her super slim and perfect shaped sporty body.

Moly loved to see Lily’s body covered just with a few cm ( inches) of fabric, she loved to see her small breasts, her flat abdomen, her navel, her hipbones and her slim thighs.

They spent all day at the open air bath, they had fun, they did eat and drink, but there was one thing what they didn’t, they did not wee, not once all day long.

They had the motto that girls don’t need to wee even not when they would need to wee and girls should be able to hold their bladder although the bladder is full.

Lily did get more and more addicted to hold her wee and to torture her own bladder.

Before they did leave Moly said that she would look forward to get home to take a pee, but maybe they should not take their morning pee before they meet tomorrow morning.

Lily agreed, no pee tomorrow morning!

Next day they met at a little coffee shop at a market place fore a drink.

“ Are you full?” asked Moly with relish. “Oh yes i am!” answered Lily.

” I did not wee since yesterday 10 pm before sleeping.”said Moly “ and you ?” she wanted to know.

” I have not weed since yesterday morning.” replied Lily.

”You did not pee before you went to bed yesterday?” Moly wanted to know.

” I did not pee yesterday all day long at the open air bath, not when i came home, not before sleeping and not today at morning. I weed not since yesterday 8 am, not one single drop since already 25 hours! Do you like that?” asked Liliy.

”Are you crazy girl ?!! You will kill your bladder, but sure i like it, i love i !” answered Lily and could feel how how her panties gets moist.

They were drinking just a small drink, because their bladders were already very full, Lily’s bladder extreme overfilled.

About a half hour later came the older brother from a school colleague at the coffee shop and asked if he could take place at their table.

They did know each others from parties.

“ What are you two pretty doing there?“ he asked.

Moly told him that they have holiday and it is a little bit boring.

The young man told them that he take just a fast breakfast and then he go to another city for a business meeting.

He did offer to the girls to come with him. The meeting would not last very long, they could take a early dinner together and they would be back at evening.

” That sounds very good.” said Moly and asked Lily for her mind.

Lily agreed and whispered in Moly’s ear “ but i can’t bear up 3 more hours, i have to piss necessarily before we are leaving .

At the coffee shop was no toilet, because it was at a market place, but there was a public toilet at the place.

On the way to the boy’s car they passed the , for both girls, much needed toilet.

Lily stopped and excused her for some minutes. She wanted to open the door, but it was closed.

Lily was shocked and Moly too, because she wanted to use the toilet as well before leaving.

The boy smiled pleasurable and said “ bad luck for you!

Actually double bad luck, because i never stop at the motorway just for peeing, but you are a big girl and i think that you are strong enough to hold it for not even 3 more hours.”

*019*2023-01-14 23:26

On the way to the boys car Lily whispered to Moly “i‘m at loss what to do. I am needing to wee so bad, i can’t go inside his car with my bladder filled up to explode. I can’t impossible bear up 3 more hours.“

On one hand was Moly turned on from knowing that Lily was holding the urine from 24 hours in her bladder and about the fact that she was frantic to wee, it was arousing for her to imagine that she would be trapped for 3 more hours in the car and that she would be forced to hold it maybe until, or over her absolutely limit and on the other hand she was afraid that she would piss herself in the boys car.

” Get in and try to hold it, we beg him to stop at the first parking lot.” Moly answered.

”But before he told us that he would not stop for to pee on the motorway, what if he really don’t stop?

You can’t imagine how urgently and how painful i am needing to wee.

Already at the open air bath yesterday i was needing to go, but i peed not even before sleeping, i went to bed with a strong urge and a very full bladder.

In the morning my bladder was already hurting from being so much overfilled, but although that i was needing to wee so very, very bad, i did not go because i promised you not to go in the morning.

I wanted surprise you with my performance to be able to suppress my urge from yesterday afternoon until this morning and then i wanted to wee anywhere at a coffee shop.“ said Lily.

“Really, really great that you are needing to wee since yesterday afternoon and that you are still holding it!!“ said Moly with enthusiasm and full of horniness.

“I can’t believe it for myself, but now it is already unbearable. I can’t no more, i can’t no longer, i have to piss now.“ answered Lily.

It did last about 20 minutes until they were at the motorway.

Lily had her slim bare thighs pressed hard together and was bending lightly over to give her bladder more room.

She was needing to pee so bad that she could think no other than about to finally piss, but she was to shy and to proud to beg the young man for to let her wee. She was simply not able to beg a boy for permission to pee, it was impossible for her, but on the other hand she was frantic and her bladder was about to burst.

She whispered in her girlfriends ear that she has to pee now and that she can’t hold it any longer.

“What have you two always to whisper?“ asked the guy.

“ Lily is needing to wee so bad, she can’t bear up until we are there. Can you please stop at a parking lot.“ answered Moly.

“I could stop, but i don’t, i told you that i never stop on the motorway just for to pee. Lily is a healthy, young girl, i think she will be able to hold it for 2 hours longer! Or does she have such a weak bladder that she would wet her panties ?“ asked the guy.

*020*2023-01-15 11:14

„Lily has a big and a strong bladder, but would you please nevertheless stop as soon as possible.“ answered Moly.

Moly was very excited to see her girlfriend so very, very desperate, to see how she pressed her hands between her slim, naked thighs and how she pushed the fabric of her skirt hard against her girl slit, but on the other hand she was afraid that she would piss her panties if she could not let it out very soon.

“Why do i have to stop if she has a strong bladder?“ wanted the guy know.

“ Because we did both not pee that morning and therefore our bladders are very full, especially Lily’s bladder is full to explode.“replied Moly.

Sure the guy wanted to know why they did not pee in the morning and Moly explained that they play sometimes a peeholdinggame and that is the reason why they did not go that morning.

And that would be a reason more for him not to stop, because he loves nothing more than girls who hold a very full bladder for a very long time.

“When did you pee at last?“ he wanted to know.

“Yesterday 10 pm and Lily did not wee since yesterday morning 8 o’clock.“ answered Moly.

“Honest? Lily did not wee since 27 hours, how can she hold so much wee inside her so very slim body?“ asked the boy.

“She can’t hold it inside her body, if she is holding it for very long and if she is needing to wee so really, really bad, then her bladder is bulging out very much from her thin belly.“ answered Moly.

“You two drives me crazy!!“ said the guy with a large bulge in his pants.

He did not think about to stop, he was in peeholding heaven and could not get enough from the girls and their need.

He passed one parking lot after the other and did not stop for poor Lily who was frantic to wee.

“I am doing it in my panties, they are already wet, it’s coming out of me, i can’t hold it back anymore.“whispered Lily in Moly‘s ear.

“She is doing it already in her panties and if you don’t stop for her, she will pee all over your seat.“ said Moly to the guy.

The guy would have loved to see her pee in her panties, or he would have loved if she would have peed all that large amount of hot girl wee over his naked body, but he did not wanted that she was wetting his seat, so he was forced to stop to prevent that.

Lily had pressed the fabric of her wet panties deep in her slit, she was crazy from needing to wee so bad.

The coffee and the drink at the coffee shop in the morning on her already so full bladder was to much for her.

Her bladder was up to her navel and had as a rock.

The pressure was to high for her sphincter and the pain to painful to endure.

The guy promised to stop at the next parking lot, which was about 15 minutes away and Lily did her best to hold it for so long.

It was hurting her so much, but she used all her willpower and her body power to hold it back and to torture her bladder over the label of endurance.

On the way to the parking lot she had already her panties down under her knees and was sitting with her naked ass on the seat. As soon as the car stopped, she opened the door, got slowly out of the car with one finger on her peehole and then pissed right beside the car.

The boy and Moly were impressed so much from how hard and how much that thin girl peed, it was amazing how it was jetting out between her nude, slim thighs.

“That must have been really, really urgently!! I have never before seen a girl pee so hard and so heavy.“said the boy and smiled.

Lily pulled her wet panties up and went back in the car.

Moly did not wee, she was holding it back further.

The boy did love that !!!!

*021*2023-01-18 23:19

„That was really a great show what you represented, especially for a boy like me who loves nothing more than girls who hold their bladder until the absolutely limit . I think that Moly enjoyed it to.“ said the guy.

Lily did not know what to say, she was so ashamed.

Never before she was sitting with pee wet panties in a boys car and never before she had to beg a boy for a stop to let her pee and never before she had to admit that she is no longer able to hold her wee back.

Lily wanted to show Moly her good holding performance, she wanted to show her her good bladder control and therefore she went to sleep with a strong urge and a full bladder yesterday evening.

She was proud about her holding endurance, she was proud to tell Moly that morning at the coffee shop that she has not weed before sleeping yesterday and that she had not weed today in the morning, but now she was the opposite of proud, now she was feeling shame for her weakness.

“What‘s wrong with you Lily? You don’t have to be sad, you have been so awesome, you did it so good, i never met a girl who is able not to wee for 27 hours. You are a real bladder queen.“ said the boy.

“ What is about you Moly? How is your bladder?“ asked the guy.

“Full, pretty full, but it feels good.“ answered Moly.

After arriving the guy went to his business meeting and the girls made sightseeing.

They met again late afternoon and the man invited the girls to a early dinner.

“Are your panties already dry?“ he teased Lily and thought how wet her little panties were in the morning.

They did not stay very long.

During the boy paid the bill whispered Moly something in Lily’s ear and excused herself to the toilet.

“Oh no, not to the toilet!!

Lily told me that you still haven’t gone. It is so hot for me to imagine that you did not wee since yesterday. Your bladder must became really big, it must be very, very full already!!?

Turn us on with your full bladder, hold it!!

You are a big girl, you can bear up for not even 3 more hours and for me it would be so great and arousing to sit beside a girl who did not wee since 20 hours.“ was the boy begging.

Moly did not go, they went to the boys car.

One hour later Moly was rubbing her knees and pressed her thighs hard together.

“Is it that bad?“ the boy asked lewd.

“Oh yes it is, i did drink to much at dinner on my already overfilled bladder. I thought that i would go to the loo before leaving, but as you know, i did not and now i have to suffer, but i think you like that!!?“ asked Moly.

“Oh yes, i love it!

I would to drive the night through with you if you would hold it back for me.“ answered the boy.

Moly was able to hold it, sometimes with her hands between her thighs and bending over, but she could keep her panties dry.

Before the girls got out of the car the boy told them that they were the prettiest and the most erotic passenger he ever had in his car and he made them the offer, when ever they’ll do a holding game, they should let him know it, he would make a full bladder trip around the world with them.

Lily did take Moly to her home to torture her bursting full bladder. Lily had already a strong urge again, Moly loved it and pressed hard and deep in her thin belly.

*023*2023-01-29 12:39

{{On 1/26/2023 at 4:32 AM, Hannalee said:

Oh my gosh yes, I love this story

}}

Thank you, i am glad that you like it!

