No wee for a waitress girl! - Page 3

Author: huberp76

*040*2020-05-27 11:19

{{1 hour ago, HoldingPrinces said:

Thank you!

I have held for around 18 hours since the feeling of first urge, with a similar liquid input. My target is to reach 24 hours..

}}

It is so great, that you feel the urge to wee and you are still able to hold it in for 18 hours more.

What is your longest time between two wees?

How long did you hold it before this 18 hours, before you did feel the urge. How many hours before did you wee?

You are so good in holding, you are such a strong girl, i love it!

The best combination: huge, strong bladder-

Extra strong sphincter and a iron willpower!

*043*2021-09-07 10:09

{{On 9/3/2021 at 1:54 PM, HoldingPrinces said:

Thank you very much for appreciating my talents. Actually I count the hours from the point I feel the first urge, not the time between two pees. If I go by the time between 2 pees, my record should be more than 18 hours.

}}

Your “holding time record “ must be much longer than 18 hours if you don’t count the time until you feel the first urge.

How long does it usually take until you feel your bladder?

It is so amazing and exciting for me that you are able from the time you feel the urge to wee, to hold it back for 18 hours more!!!

So great for me to think that you feel that your bladder gets bigger and bigger, that you feel how your urge and your pee need gets stronger and stronger and you still suppress your urge, sometimes for hours and sometimes if the urge is already painful.

Your endurance, your willpower and your bladder control must be gigantic.

I love that, you are really great!!
