TOM 2 from Toonami omorashi fanfic

Author: HaruhiSuzumiya

*000*2020-10-01 18:47

TOM 2 flew through the endless black cosmos using his jetpack. He'd just stopped at his favorite place to chow down, Ice Station Cool, which was located on the planet Melbourne. He'd gulped down a fizzy Coca-Cola soda, colored blue with artificial alien coloring, which was non-toxic. Eventually, TOM saw the Absolution in the distance, and he increased his flying speed to reach it. As he drew closer and closer to the L-class space explorer, he didn't notice that all that soda had gone down his techno-organic digestive system that fast, and was now making its way to his kidneys. TOM watched as the Absolution's door window opened to reveal an entrance, which he flew into.

"Hello, TOM," the gentle voice of Sara said, as her diamond-blue visage appeared on the ship screens. "Yes, I've caught onto your usage of the window as an entrance."

TOM chuckled at the previous sentence, as he walked to his seat and sat down. "So, what's up?" he asked Sara.

"Nothing much," Sara said. "I've got some new episodes of Dragon Ball Z if you want to see them!"

All of a sudden, TOM felt a surge of pressure in his bladder. The soda he'd drank had done a number on it, and the added colors just made it worse. TOM jumped when he felt the pang of desperation, and shouted "YE-ES!"

Confused by TOM's out of character moment, Sara asked, "Are you OK, TOM?"

TOM regained his composure, and said, "Yeah. It's just I drank... too much soda, that's all. I'm... kinda hyper." He didn't want Sara to know he really had to use the bathroom, as he'd be embarrassed saying it, as much embarrassed as he was admitting to Sara that he listened to Aaron Carter.

Come on, TOM. That was more embarrassing than this, he thought. Still, he didn't want Sara to know about the increasing heaviness in his privates, which was now accompanied by very painful (for him) rumbling in his abdomen. He tried not to fidget in his seat or cross his legs, as that would be two dead giveaways to Sara.

"Anyway, yeah, I'd like to see those DBZ episodes," TOM said.

"All right," said Sara, as her face disappeared from the screen, and the exciting action of Dragon Ball Z took her place. TOM tried to focus on the enticing adventures of Kakarot, known to Earth as Goku, and his many friends as they competed in the Strongest Beneath the Heavens competition, but his aching bladder proved to be an eternal distraction. Because Sara (hopefully) couldn't see him, TOM decided to cross his legs after a while, as the pressure grew stronger. He tried to fight back the urge to pee, as if he accidentally wet himself, Sara would see the mess he made, and things would get ugly. So he decided to bear with the intensity of his desperation for now.

I wish I hadn't drank that soda...

Meanwhile, a pivotal moment was going on in Dragon Ball Z. TOM couldn't miss this, so he wasn't about to get up and use the bathroom. As the two characters onscreen fought, TOM tried his best to pay attention to the scene, without worrying about the growing pains in his bladder. He was actually paying somewhat attention even with the hell going on in his privates.

However, as the episode ended and Sara came back onscreen, TOM noticed he'd crossed his legs even tighter. Sara had definitely noticed as well.

"TOM, do you have to use the bathroom?" she said, with genuine concern.

TOM's face would've flushed if he could. She knew. She knew. But he tried to keep it cool and 'fess up to her.

"Yes, Sara..." he said, sheepishly.

"I should've known earlier," Sara said. "You said you had too much soda. Go to the bathroom, please."

TOM walked up from his seat and went to the bathroom. With each step his metal feet took on the hard floor, he felt his bladder jolt, like pee was ready to come out of his urethra. He felt a few drops leak already.

Oh, no! he thought. I better hurry up or else I'll wet myself! ...Can't run... have to walk...

TOM kept at his current pace, as he didn't want to startle his bladder. Eventually, he made it to the bathroom, and with a quick movement, kicked the door down and ran to the toilet. He sat down and let all the pee accumulated in his bladder release.

As he peed, he felt relief wash over him like the secrets of heaven being told to him. He'd waited so long for this moment, and it had finally arrived. He let his sphincter relax even more, and the yellow stream increased its intensity.

"Oh... YES! OH! THIS IS BETTER THAN..."

"TOM, I can hear you," said Sara from the bridge. TOM's face once again would flush if it could. Had he really been so desperate to pee that he was expressing his relief out loud?

"S-sorry..." he said.

Once TOM was done peeing, he ripped off a piece of toilet paper from the roll hanging to his left and wiped his bottom with it. Then he threw it in the toilet and flushed. Afterwards, he washed his hands and dried them, making sure to remember the rules of robotic hygiene. He ran back to the bridge.

"Sara... I might've accidentally destroyed the door again," said TOM, punctuated by nervous chuckling. He took a seat in his chair and relaxed, not having to worry about the burden of urinary emergency anymore.

"Oh, brother," Sara said, rolling her eyes.

Trying to change the subject, TOM said, "So... put on the next DBZ episode. Can't wait to see what happens next."

"All right," said Sara, her face disappearing as she loaded the file. And as the episode started, TOM knew he was going to have a good night.

