Boring Little Secret (BLS): Chapter Three: Bus-stop Madness

Author: HissGenerator

*000*2022-03-21 03:42

Hello moderator. I apologize for the black text. It seems copy-and-pasting from my phone notes—though in white text there—is turning black here for some reason. Could you please change it back to white. I’m afraid you may have to change for it me, as I’m unable to do so from my phone. Thank you so much. Please delete this text after reading.

Chapter Three: Bus-stop Madness

“Hey, Alexis, what’ve you got in your hand there?”

“Oh, this, it’s just a bunch cream for my knees—you know, when I fell that day.”

She looks away as her face turns slightly pink.

“Hey, listen, about that day, I just want to let you know that there’s no shame in what happened; it was just bad luck.”

“Shame? Why would I feel shameful?”

“Well, you seemed embarrassed, and not like your usual self—I mean, I thought after you fell, you’d say some clever thing or a joke of some kind; but your face just turned red”—as it’s turning so slightly now—“when I saw you you wet yourself a little that day. Heck, you couldn’t even look me in my eye!”

Her face is now fully red, and she stutters:

“I—I.. wasn—wasn’t shameful.. it’s just.. I..”

“Hey, like I said, no shame, right?”

She nods.

“Anyways, anything new going on?”

As I try to change the subject, I could see her mind continuing to dwell on what had happened—

“—anything new going on?”

I’ve repeated myself and she still in a dozed-off trance.

“Alexis!”

“Huh! Yeah.. what’s up?.. oh right, the new—what new’s going on.. uhmmmm.. yeah, I started reading this new book; it’s a horror.”

“How come you like reading horrors so much—so much that you’re willing to risk.. you know.. potentially embarrassing yourself.. you know?”

Her mind seems to come back to the present, as her face lights up and eyes widen back to how she normally is:

“Ugh, Jooohn, you just don’t get it; these horror books are just so thrilling to read—there’s usually some kind of tension that starts, and it helps to picture yourself there alongside the characters. You expect one thing, and then—boom—this thing comes out of nowhere; and when I’m pretending to be in the story, by using my imagination, it actually scares me a little bit: I get goosebumps all over my body, thinking: ‘what if that thing is behind me, following me.’”

“Right, I understand, it’s a kind of experience you immerse yourself in, making the book more interesting than simply reading the words.. but.. and stop me when I get too awkward—“

She initially looking away, but as she hears my stammering, she turns her face to my face, her eyes staring at me in an innocent gaze:

“Hm..?”

She smiles ever so slightly.

“...What..?”

“Well.. I’ve.. noticed that you’ve lately been doing your whole “immersive horror experience” when you have to go to the bathroom. It’s got me thinking maybe you make yourself desperate to amplify the immersion of horror?”

Her confidence slightly shrivels away, and her eyes stray away from mine, as if I’ve read her mind and uncovered some sort of secret. She bites the left corner of her lip out of nervousness—but suddenly her confidence quickly rejuvenates, as if she’d found the perfect excuse for her predicament:

“Well, yeah, I guess you could say I do do that. I—“

I attempt to break the obvious awkward ice wall I’ve partitioned between ourselves.

“Oh, you also have to do do-do for your immers—“

“Ugh, no, what the fuck John!”

“Hahahahaha! Hey, look, you said it; you said—“

“No, I was trying to say that I—“

“That ‘I like holding my do-do, too.’”

“HHHHAHAHAhahahhehe—huuu!—“

I cough hard.

She punches me with the swiftest, hardest punch in my gut, cutting my laughter, and gives me the sternest look:

“Hey, will you shut the fuck up for a moment you dumbass! I meant to say that I do-d—I do make myself desperate sometimes when the horror starts to get intense, so that the tension will get me scared more easily. It’s not the other way around.. it’s not like I make myself desperate so the horror will scare me enough to pee out of fear or something—“

She catches herself, and cuts mid-speech, but ultimately too late, as she reveals too much out of annoyance and nervousness..

Hm, I never thought she was doing the latter; but why did she mention that; I didn’t ask her about it. Does she actually make herself desperate so that the horror will scare her enough into wetting? Can a book even do that to someone? Or does she role-play as the protagonist and wets herself a little when the protagonist gets scared?

“So, I presume, it works then, right?.. makes it immersive?”

“Yeah..”

“Soooo, are you desperate now—I mean.. are—you.. you’ve got your new horror book now, so are you doing your trick now?”

She bursts out laughing, though evidently a nervous, fake laugh. Her smile slowly disappears and her face becomes red again. She breaks eye contact with me and turns her face halfway ahead and away from mine.

“I..”

“I..”

“Ugh, John, why are you asking me such dumb questions? You remember what happened when you suggested bad ideas last time, you lost your balls?”

“Hey! That was because you scared the fuck out of me—ugh, look what you’re making me do: cursing; I’m becoming like you now. I just hope I don’t start wetting myself—“

She turns to face me in the swiftest manner, as if a honing missile has found its target rendered for destruction. She brings her lips together and gives me a mile-long stare, and starts raising her arms in anger—though evidently playful and banter-like.

She lands a few slaps and punches, and I block a few of them. But, to get her to stop, I went on the offensive, tickling her and poking her sides with my fingers: the worse and most effective tickling maneuver known to man.

“He—haha—stop, stoooo—hahahahehehe. He—ah—hey, that’s no fair—hehehe.

I keep tickling her as it has effectively gotten her to stop punching me.

“He—ahhh—stop, you’re gonna make me pee, you’re gonna make me pee—stop, HAhahehehehe..

I didn’t hear her say stop—

“Sto—hahahahehehehehe—hahahaha—

She loudly gasps and swiftly looks down, and a little dark spot formed on the taint-crotch area of her jeans. I stop and am shocked.. I pitied her that I’ve just made her wet herself. I raise my hands and slowly shake my head in disbelief, profusely apologizing:

“H—hey.. I’m sorry, Im sorry.. I’m so.. sorry.. I—“

She swiftly looks back up at me and turns bright red in the blink of an eye.. but she doesn’t saying.

I seriously thought she’d be searing with anger and throw punches; but she.. was—her face was.. red—out of shyness and embarrassment, again, but also what seems like arousal—and she began biting her left index finger.. again; she was looking, oh so innocently, into my eyes.

At this point, I’m totally confounded..

And in that moment, I saw the dark patch on her taint-crotch get wider ever so slowly. Her eyelids initially opened wide—her pupils staring directly into mine—slowly shrunk, as if she took pleasure in it. She bites her bottom lip, and lifts her shirt slight for a better look at her growing patch; then her eyes darts back to mine, while her head still as a statue.

I was in a trance, frozen, mesmerized.. she kept going, kept wetting, little-by-little, as her piss slowly traveled up to the front of her crotch. My heart was pounding and I could start to feel a chub. I was sweating, and it felt like an inferno was kindled in my chest, slowly traveling down to my nether regions: I started getting hard, not thinking twice about pitching a tent in my khakis.

But that’s when I noticed too late that she noticed—I guess it was a tit-for-tat: I see her wet herself and she sees me pitch a tent. Her eyelids widened back, her head honed at my crotch, and stared, her index finger frozen in place just above the left corner of her bottom lip, her jaw slightly opened, for what feels like an eternity. My wood has entranced her. It did not help that I saw her unconsciously lick the right corner of her lip; it seems she let that slip.

In her fixation on my throbbing wood, pulsating to the rhythm of my heartbeat through my khakis, she forgot herself and let out a little more, until the dark patch ever so slightly began to travel down her slim upper inner thigh, darkening her light blue jeans a little more below her crotch; and in proportion I got more harder, my khakis revealing my protruding head, feeling the blood in my blazing heart flow per pulse into my manhood: I feel she could make me explode hands-free with the power of her unwavering gaze, her sexy smooth hips and slim, muscular thighs and skintight light blue jeans, accentuating her phenomenal waist and legs; and so wonderfully darkened crotch as it gets soaked by her piss.

What I would give to place my right hand between and into her warm inner thighs; making her shiver thereby and goosebumps travel all across her body, her jaw opening wide and her moan pierce into my ears while her eyes roll up in pure ecstasy; my hand placing pressure against her as she dribbles a little more into my hand, and feeling her warmth spread across it, while I cup tightly over her piss-soaked jeans her throbbing and quivering p—

“John! Hey! How you been!”, echoed in from down the sidewalk.

You see me in the distance, calling to me.

Sirens go off in both our heads as your calling my name breaks the state she and I have entranced ourselves therein and ruining my day dream. You make her jolt back to reality, and she accidentally lets out a jet of piss, enough to make her jeans glisten in the sunset and the dark patch travel down to the top of the side of her knees, while lateral projections of darkness shoot from the front of her crotch across her upper right thigh, a few drops settling therein and dribbling down drops leaving behind its dark trails down her upper right leg. I quickly hug her, as I attempt to shield my hard-on, but also her soaked jeans. My tent perfectly placed in her soaked crotch—like a ball-in-socket—and I feel her wetness travel to my khakis, briefs underneath, warming them, and ultimately my throbbing wood.

It caught her by surprise, as my body embraced her body, and she lets out a subdued moan in my right ear. My hug placed pressure on her bladder and I felt more warmth on my crotch and traveling down my legs.

She’s pissing herself, and getting it on me!

I could’ve busted into a million pieces right then and there if we were not so public and you not watching us!

I quickly blurted out a lie to get you away:

“Hey, Alexis is upset at the moment! I’ll talk to you tomorrow, okay?”

“Okay, John. I hope everything is okay!”

Later that day, late into the night:

I got home late after leaving Alexis’ place, and your interruption earlier today crosses my mind:

‘Ugh, why did you have to come out of nowhere; then again, that is where I always meet you to catch-up. Oh do I have a story for you. We couldn’t take the bus back to each of our homes, since she was soaked and our hug had dampened my khakis, so we walked. I can’t wait to see you tomorrow and catch you up on how the rest of today went!’

