The landlord

Author: huberp76

*000*2024-01-09 21:40

A student girl, Eve was her name, worked part time as waitress in a fast food restaurant, to defray the costs for her studies and her life.

She was always short with money and it happened often that she was late with the rent for her little flat.

Many of her student colleagues had the same problem with the money.

There were some girls who sold their bodies to sugar daddies, for a good money.

Eve was a pretty girl and had a wonderful, young body. It would have been easy for her to get a lot of money, for dates with guys, but she didn’t want to earn money at that way. She was a decent girl, she wanted to defray her life with honesty work.

At one evening, she was again late with her monthly payment, she went to her landlord, straight after her work.

She came to his flat for to pay her rent in cash and she apologized for being delayed with the money.

She was waiting in his living room for a voucher and was standing with her beautiful legs tight crossed.

The landlord was specialist and a great fan of girls desperate to pee. He did know very well the reason, why she had her legs crossed and wanted to use the opportunity to enjoy her desperation a little longer.

He did offer her a chair and something to drink.

Eve had to wee very badly, but couldn’t refuse his invitation because of her money situation.

The guy, was not really old, he was about 40, he did enjoy that situation and wanted extend the time with the girl with a full bladder and offered her coffee, to make her bladder fuller and her need worse.

Again she did not refuse, although her bladder was already hurting very much.

She pressed her sexy knees together, as hard as she could.

She did try to hide her need, but was no more able to do it.

”Can it be that you need to the toilet?” asked the guy full of lust.

”Oh yes, i need to wee so unbelievably bad, i have not got a chance to go since i left my flat early in the morning.” answered Eve.

”Oh my God, your bladder must be about to explode!? I admire you, that you are able to hold it for so long.” said the guy totally aroused and a boner in his pants.

He could have offer her to use his bathroom, but that was the last what he wanted to do.

”Sorry for my honesty, but it turns me on very much, to know that you didn’t wee for so long and that you are needing to wee so urgently.

Nothing is more exciting and arousing for me, than a girl who is needing to wee.” said the guy.

Eve was absolutely surprised, she didn’t know what to say, she stuttered something, but before she could say a clear set, said the guy “you are always short with money, you could easily earn money with your bladder.”

”I don’t understand you, how do you mean that?” asked Eve, again surprised.

”That is very simple, i pay you if you hold your pee for me, i give you money if you don’t go to the toilet, if you would need to go .” answered the guy.

“How long do i have to hold it and how much money do i get for it?” wanted the girl know.

”As long as you can, or better so long until you can’t hold it any longer. About the money can we talk later, but i sure would be generous if your performance will be good. Would you do that for me?” asked the guy.

“ I have a strong bladder and i can hold it pretty long if i have to. Sometimes in my job, when it is very busy, i can’t go for hours, if i would need to go already urgently.” said the girl.

”That all sounds perfect. Sure i would love to have sex with you, but it would be not necessary for our holding deal.

I would pay extra for extra performances, for example if you show me your bulging bladder, if you let me feel it, if you let me press and push on it. If you jump with your full bladder, if you piss in a measuring jug, after you was holding it to your limit.

I would love it if you would pee in front of me in the jug, but if you don’t want that, you can do it behind the door. I just want to see how much you was able to hold.

Would you do that for me, would you hold your hot wee for me until you burst? You could save a lot of money for your flat that way.” said the guy.

”I’ll think about it, but now i have to leave before i pee in my panties.” said Eve and pressed her sexy, young thighs hard together.

” You naughty girl do that for purpose, just for making me horny!!! I think we should start our deal right now.” said the man.

He did offer her a lot of money, if she would drink a large glass mineral and would hold it for another 2 hours.

”Okay, I’ll do it, i hold it for you, but to drink and 2 hours are impossible, i did not wee all day long and i am needing to go since so many hours, i can absolutely not bear up for 2 hours.” said the girl and pushed her skirt in her crotch and did show him her naked thighs, up to the top.

The guy went to the kitchen, for the mineral and for paper and a pen and said “ first drink that, that will be good for to fill your bladder more and then we will make a price list for your special holding and bladder performances. Maybe you have some more ideas how you can pay the rent for your flat, with your bladder ?” said the guy and was horny as hell about that situation and about the pretty girl’s ultra strong pee urge.

*003*2024-01-21 09:13

{{10 hours ago, SpaceWonderer said:

I have a feeling there would be a lot of takers. Heck if I could pay my rent by holding my pee for a landlady I'd sign up lol

}}

You would pay your rent with your bladder? You would let torture your overfilled bladder from the landlady, for to save the rent?

Absolutely great!!

*004*2024-01-21 10:29

The imagination that the student girl brings instead of money her bursting full bladder, is very exciting and arousing for me.

I would love to be the landlord and have once or twice a month a different full bladder and bladder torturing schedule with her.

It must be great as well, to take her out at evening for a dinner and then to a bar.

She had to drink a lot, but would not have permission to go to the bathroom, she would be not allowed to wee all the evening.

Many large drinks and many hours without a wee!

Maybe sometimes her bladder should be already full at the meeting time!!?

It would be great as well to buy her urine.

She has to piss in a measuring jug when she is at her limit, the more she was able to hold, the more money she would get. The price must be progressive.

