A girl is putting off to wee

Author: huberp76

*000*2020-09-25 22:10

Once I invited a girl from my school for the cinema.

She asked me if she could bring her girlfriend with her.

I did not know why, but i thought that she did not want a “real” date with me.

I agreed, because the other girl was pretty too and to spend time with two pretty girls was not so bad.

Sure it was different from my idea to be alone with a girl in a dark cinema, but i went with two girls.

We did meet at late afternoon in a coffee shop.

After some drinks, i ordered the bill.

Before i could pay, the second girl excused her for the bathroom.

She asked “my” girl to go with her, but my girl did not want to.

”You told me hours ago that you would need to wee, why don’t you go now?” asked the girl , a little bit angry.

”I can hold it!” answered “my” girl.

”You are not normal “said the other girl and disappeared to the toilet.

I did absolutely love that, that she was needing to wee but did not go.

We walked a half hour until we arrived at the cinema.

I went for the tickets and just before we wanted to go in, my girl said that we should wait for a few minutes she needs to go to the loo.

”Oh no!” i said “No time for that, the film is starting now.”

”But, but....” she was stuttering .

”No but’s! You will hold it, you told us in the restaurant, so hold it and let us finally go in! “ i said.

”Let her go! She did not pee since she did get up in the morning, she is really needing it!” said her girl friend.

”No, let’s go in!

She is a girl, she can hold it!” i said.

”You are one of the boys who talk such silly thighs, like “she is a girl and girls can hold it.”

Do you really think that girls don’t need to wee?

“We need to wee like boys do, we just have sometimes not the chance to do it, we are sometimes forced to hold it of course the circumstances, but it gets painful for a girl too, to hold it.

Let her go! She is putting it off since before noon.” she said.

”Stop to talk about me like this, i don’t want to go now anymore, i will hold it!” my girl said a little bit angry and stated to walk.

That was exactly what i wanted, i wanted to sit beside a girl with a bursting full bladder, i wanted to know that she was needing to wee really bad.

We had no time for her to let her wee, but we had time to buy three large soda.

After about a half hour, she did already drink a big part of her soda, she told me that it was a big mistake, not to go to the loo.

She told me that is is needing to wee so bad, that she think she MUST go out to the toilet, because she can’t endure that any longer.

”No way, hold it!” i said and she did hold it.

On the way out, we did not pass the loo’s, the exit was directly out to the street.

No wee for her! On the way home, she could hardly walk.

Her girlfriend told her to squat between the cars and not suffer any longer and i told her to hold it until home.

She did hold it!

She was standing with tight crossed legs, in front of her door and said “ that was a great performance, to keep my panties dry, after so many drinks and after holding it for so many hours .”

Her girlfriend told her that she would be silly and i told her that i would admire her and that i would like it if girls are so strong.

One week later, I did invite her again to the cinema, but this time without her girlfriend.

She told me that she is proud of her strong bladder and her ability to hold for extreme long.

After that, we had more dates, where she did hold it for me and where she did let me torture her swollen, bulging bladder!

