Peter’s new girlfriend!

Author: huberp76

*000*2023-11-06 22:10

Peter get‘s horny about girls who are desperate to wee.

Peter gets turned on so much if a girl is needing to wee very bad, but don’t go, or can’t go.

It is arousing for Peter just to know that a girl did not wee for a long time and it’s arousing for him, to think and to imagine that the girl must already need to go bad and that her bladder must be full after such a long time.

He like to imagine how much wee she is holding and how large her bladder must already be .

He love it as well to have his own bladder full and he like the feeling of needing to pee.

His bladder is strong and good trained, he can easily go all day without to pee.

Once he had a date with a new girl, as always he wanted to test the girls pee habits and her holding ability, therefore he did not give her a good opportunity to go to the toilet and he did not go as well, not animate her.

They spent the day together and they were on the motorway on the way home.

It was evening and both have not been at the toilet all day .

He was needing to pee already pretty bad, but he did like it and he did like the imagination that the girls bladder must have been very full as well and that she must feel a strong need to wee too.

His urge was very strong, but he would never had stopped for a piss, rather he would burst his own bladder, before he would give a girl give a chance for a much needed wee.

She was sitting in the car beside him and he could see that she needing to wee, pretty bad as well. She was rubbing her knees, she pressed her thighs together, crossed her legs and did things what girls are doing when they need to wee, but she did not say anything about her need.

Not till they had to stop on the motorway, because of an accident.

”Oh my god.” said the girl.

Peter did know very well why she said that, but asked “is something wrong?”

”No, everything is alright, it’s just i need so very, very urgently to go the toilet. Sorry when i talk so openly about my bodily needs, but i need to go since many hours, i thought that i would be able to wait until at home.

I have a good bladder control, i can usually hold it all day long, but maybe i did drink to much today.” answered the girl.

Peter did make her to drink for purpose very much during the day, to make her desperate and he was successful. The girl was needing to wee very bad, she was desperate and he did like it and he did like that accident, what made them wait longer.

” I would need to go as well, very urgently, we have both not been at the toilet, not even once, but i think that we have to hold it.”said Peter, joyful .

”I nearly do it in my panties, i hope we move very soon.” said the girl and pressed her hands between her thighs and bended forwards.

Peter did like to see that, he did like to see her fight against her need and fight against to wet her panties.He did like to see her thighs naked to the top as well.

”Is it really that bad?” he asked lustvoll and thought about how full and how big her bladder would be and wished that they would stand for much on the motorway.

Nowhere else you can watch a girl fight so so near and so close against her urge, than at the front seat of a car.

” It is more than bad!!” answered the girl and pressed both hands between crotch.

They were already standing for one hour and the girl was getting more and more frantic.

She had no more the opportunity to be shy, or to act like a good bereaved girl, her body and her bodily needs forced her to do what she did.

She slipped her hand in her panties and pressed with one finger on her little hole, where her wee wanted to come out so unbelievable urgently.

Peter loved to watch her and wanted to torture her a little bit more. He could not press on her bladder, how he would love to do it, therefore he did know her not good enough, but he could tease her on another way.

” My bladder is about to explode, all my abdomen hurts from needing to pee, is it okay for you if i pee in a bottle?”he asked her.

”My bladder is near to explode as well and my belly hurts too very much, but it is not less painful for me if you have to suffer with me. Pee in the bottle, you lucky boy. We girls get always get punished for to be girls.” she answered.

Peter was needing to pee very bad, but he would have been able to hold it longer, much longer, but he wanted to torture the girl that way a little bit more.

He opened the door, did get out and moved on the backseat.

Then he took his penis out and pissed more than 1.000ml , loud and heavy in the bottle.

“You torture me very much to make me hear that, my bladder is full to burst, i would need to do that as well unbelievable bad .” said the girl.

Peter was sitting again at the driver seat. They were standing for another half an hour, the poor girl was groaning and moaning from needing to wee so unbearable bad and painful.

She squeezed with both hands, her naked thighs very hard and Peter could not stop it to tease the girl.

”You poor must be full to burst, does it hurt you? How long can you hold it? How much longer can you suppress it ?”asked Peter full of lust.

He wanted to hear how bad she is needing to go, how much it already hurts her. He wanted to see her fight in agony much longer, but 20 minutes later they were ready to go.

He had to promise her to stop at the first parking lot.

She was sitting with on hand in her panties and one finger on her peehole.

He wanted to pass the parking lot, but she did not let him, she nearly forced him to stop and he could not do anything other than to leave the motorway.

The car was not even standing still, opened the girl the door, pulled her panties down and pissed beside the car with full power. It was bursting out of her, between her naked thighs, with high pressure.

She was not the only one, there were a lot of girls squatting and a lot of boys who pissed against a tree, at the first parking lot. There were a lot of bursting full bladders, after that accident.

They were both very horny about all that, Peter did drive to a dark corner of the parking lot and they fucked in the car like crazy.

That says, that an overfilled bladder can not just hurt, it can make horny as well!!

*002*2023-11-07 19:29

{{9 hours ago, wether said:

She should've peed in a bottle. Even if some of her pee could not hit the bottle, we would know how much pee the poor girl held.

}}

Oh yes, it would have been very interesting how much she was holding, after holding it for so long and after drinking so much.

To see that the „poor“ girl was holding a very large amount of hot wee inside her bladder and to imagine how big her bladder must have been, would have been very arousing and turning on.

