Mia and Mika, Part III

Author: Holdit4me

*000*2025-07-04 03:14

This is a continuation of the Mia and Mika series. If you'd like to read Part 1, you can do so here

. If you'd like to read Part 2, you can do so here

.

__________

Mia swallowed hard as she dressed. It wasn’t accurate to say that she was about to piss herself, she could still hold it after letting a little out with Mika’s permission, but doing so while driving to school and then sitting in class for ninety minutes?

That would be questionable, even if - as was now her plan - she avoided her morning coffee, juice, water, or anything else that could trickle down into her bladder.

And keeping it all in while simultaneously acting perfectly normal? No bouncing in her chair, clutching herself between her legs, squirming or shaking? Even as her need continued to build, as she knew it would?

She shivered just thinking about it as she cleaned up the sticky mess of arousal - no pee though, she thought proudly - from between her legs with a bath towel and then stepped into a pair of plain white bikini panties and the jean shorts her evil sister had demanded. She caught herself unconsciously walking in place and forced herself to stop.

Then she took a shaky breath and zipped up the shorts, groaning softly as she felt her bladder compress. She moaned as she snapped them, recognizing the sound as the one she almost always made just before cumming when she was touching herself.

She allowed herself one long squeeze under her shorts and panties, then rushed to her car to get to school.

She didn’t know, or care, where Mika was or what she might be doing.

***

Tom Johnson had been a professor of English at U.B. Holden College for over a decade. He had known Mia Cavanaugh by sight before she ever stepped foot into his classroom. Everyone knew Mia. Not only was she blonde, pretty and friendly, she was the best soccer player the school had ever produced, male or female.

And she was an outstanding student, dedicated and hardworking. She always sat in the middle of the front row, a situation Tom appreciated not just because it showcased her dedication, but because it showcased the most amazing legs he had ever seen. And Mia was not shy about showing off those legs in shorts, dresses or skirts.

Today, as was his habit, he watched as she entered the classroom, and he could tell immediately something was amiss. Mia was moving stiffly, slowly, her legs more or less pressed together as she walked. Tom wondered if perhaps Mia had pulled a muscle during Holden’s most recent soccer game.

As he watched, another Holden soccer player hurried up to Mia and shoved a large iced coffee into Mia’s hand, saying, “It’s going to be a hot one today, I want to make sure our best player has plenty to drink!” Then the girl disappeared through the classroom door and down the hallway.

Mia briefly lifted her right leg and crossed her knee over her other leg, staring at the drink with a look of horror on her face. Quickly she lowered her foot to the floor, still keeping her legs pressed together, glancing around to see if anyone had noticed what Tom thought had been an instinctive movement.

Almost as though she needed to pee. Badly.

It was obvious no other students had seen Mia’s little contortion and she seemed to breathe a sigh of relief. It hadn’t occurred to her to glance up at the front of the classroom where her professor stood behind his podium, watching her little show, waiting for his students to finish filing in.

She trudged to her usual spot in the front row of desks and lowered herself gingerly into the seat. No sooner had she sat down than her right leg began shaking, her heel tapping the floor incessantly.

Tom’s interest was now piqued. Her problem couldn’t have been more obvious if she had a neon sign over her head, flashing the words “I’m desperate to pee!”

The question was why? It was 8:30 in the morning, the first class of the day, and Mia had quite clearly not been running late. Why hadn’t she taken sixty seconds to go pee, either before leaving her house to drive to school, or after arriving on campus?

Tom had no way of answering that question, and ultimately he decided it didn’t matter. The pretty blonde was stuck in his classroom needing to pee badly for the next ninety minutes, and as a man who had always loved female desperation, he knew he would enjoy the show.

***

Mia gave up trying to pay attention to the lecture within ten minutes. It had become nearly impossible to focus on anything other than trying hold back the flood that was threatening to erupt out of her.

Her jeans shorts were too tight, the waist compressing her overfilled bladder and the crotch seam teasing/torturing her throbbing clit to the point where she began to seriously fear accidentally cumming right in the middle of class if she wasn’t careful.

And she was so. Damned. Thirsty.

The irony of being desperate to pee making you thirsty as hell was not lost on Mia, but it was a philosophical consideration for another day. The immediate effect of the phenomenon was that she consistently caught herself sipping the goddamned iced coffee that Melody Freeman had handed her on the way into the classroom.

Melody was a sweetheart, but Mia knew more liquid - and a diuretic like coffee especially - was the last fucking thing she needed in her current condition.

But she was so. Damned. Thirsty.

Professor Johnson droned on, his words nothing more than white noise to Mia, distracted as she was in her current condition. It felt as though he might be glancing her way more than usual - not that she necessarily minded, she had been daydreaming about the hot older teacher for most of the semester - but that, too, was an issue for another time.

She squirmed in her chair, trying to be as subtle as possible, careful not to rub the seam of her shorts across her sensitive clit any more than absolutely necessary, glancing at the clock every ten seconds, simultaneously as miserable and as exhilarated as she had ever been in her life.

***

Tom almost could not tear his eyes off of Mia Cavanaugh. Over the course of the ninety minute lecture, she literally never once stopped moving. Her gorgeous, athletic legs were a blur as she alternated bouncing them up and down with fanning them, sliding her shorts-clad ass back and forth on the seat.

It was clear she was trying not to draw anyone’s attention while at the same time do whatever she could to hold back the impending flood, and Tom thought she was probably succeeding as far as the rest of the class was concerned. Students were either diligently taking notes, or they had their heads buried in their phones. Either way, they were utterly unaware of the drama unfolding in the middle of the front row.

But Tom wasn’t unaware. He was very aware. And he was loving it.

Ten minutes before the end of class, she lifted her butt off the seat and slipped her right foot underneath her before easing back down. She probably assumed the positioning of the desk was sufficient to screen her from prying eyes, but Tom could clearly see her grind down onto her heel.

Her face was flushed and her hands were shaking slightly. As he watched, she shivered slightly and closed her eyes, her lips pressed into a horizontal line. After a moment she reopened her eyes and blew three breaths out, her hands still shaking. Tom thought he could see a sheen of sweat on her forehead.

Then the bell rang, ending the class.

***

Mia felt as though she might be experiencing some weird out-of-body experience. Her crotch was on fire, her clit throbbing from arousal and the piss pushing to come out. Somehow she had managed not to leak a single drop of pee, but she could feel that her panties were a sticky, soaked mess in spite of that fact.

Or, she thought, more likely because of that fact.

The iced coffee was mostly gone.

Finally, blessedly, the clock hit 10 am, the bell located just outside the classroom door clanging noisily. The sound hadn’t even died away when Mia was up and moving. Slowly and gingerly she slipped her backpack over one shoulder, terrified the gravity of standing would force the eruption she had been fighting against for hours now.

She prayed Mika would be standing in the hallway after class as she’d promised to be, because Mia knew she had to get to a potty NOW.

Not ten minutes from now.

Not thirty seconds from now.

NOW.

She saw Professor Johnson looking at her and offered him a trembling smile as she turned toward the door. Her entire body felt like someone had doused her with gasoline and then thrown a lit match her way.

And then she froze as the teacher said quietly, “Miss Cavanaugh, may I speak with you for a moment, please?”

She nodded once, hard, closing her eyes and feeling her whole body shake as a spasm of need rolled through her. For one horrible moment she thought the piss was going to come blasting out of her right in front of her professor despite her best efforts at holding it back.

Then the need lessened slightly, decreasing from a fire hose of pressure down to an almost unbearable urge throbbing against her exhausted peehole. She swallowed heavily and moved to Professor Johnson’s desk, mincing slowly, unable to separate her thighs by even an inch.

***

Tom Johnson was spellbound. How this beautiful girl was maintaining control of what had to be the most desperate urge she had ever experienced was beyond him. Her eyes - when she had them open and not screwed shut in concentration - were glazed. A sheen of sweat coated her pretty face, her blonde bangs plastered to her forehead. Every muscle in her body seemed clenched almost to the breaking point.

He knew he should wave her away, allow her to head to the ladies room located down the hallway before she suffered what seemed like an almost inevitable eruption.

But…this entire situation was just so damned mesmerizing. Mia Cavanaugh looked as sexy and erotic as he had ever seen her, and that included the fictional Mia he had daydreamed about many times.

And, maybe this was the omorashi enthusiast in him clouding his judgment, but he thought there was at least a decent chance Mia was actually enjoying her situation. There was no reason Tom could come up with why Mia shouldn’t have been able to go pee before entering his classroom, and he would have sworn he had observed her breathing much more heavily than she should have needed to, even back at the beginning of class when she had not been as clearly out of her mind with the urge to piss as she was now.

Was it possible her desperation was turning her on?

“Yes, Professor Johnson?” Mia said when she arrived at his desk, her voice cracking and shaking despite the fact that she spoke in barely more than a whisper.

“Mia,” he began, unsure of what to say because keeping her after class had been a snap decision. Then he realized his next words should have been blindingly obvious. “Are you feeling alright? You look as though you might be a little…under the weather.”

“Y-yes,” she answered. “I’m o…o…okay.” He whole body contorted as she tried to get the words out, her voice breathy, her legs crossed tightly as she lowered herself into a deep knee bend and then slowly stood back up. Her legs remained crossed.

“Are you sure? Because at the very least you seem…I don’t know…preoccupied. That’s why I asked you to stay after class. You’re always such a dedicated student, and today you barely took any notes at all, and you clearly were not paying attention for most of the lecture. Are you absolutely sure nothing is wrong? I want you to know I'm here for you.”

***

To the extent she could think rationally at all - which was minimal - Mia wanted to scream, “Of course something is wrong! I need to pee worse than I’ve ever needed to pee in my FUCKING LIFE, and oh by the way, fun fact, that need has been keeping me on the verge of cumming for the last ninety minutes! So of course I wasn’t taking any notes, I was trying to keep from pissing myself or having a screaming, shaking, mind-blowing orgasm in the middle of your classroom, or both!”

Instead, she ran a shaking hand across her forehead and said, “Yes, I guess I am feeling a little under the weather. I’m very sorry professor, it won’t happen ag—” She gasped as she felt a squirt of pee blast into her panties.

Her hand flew to her crotch and she pressed her middle finger as firmly as she could manage against her peehole, hindered somewhat by the denim of her shorts and the cotton of her soaked panties. It was an instinctive reaction to briefly losing control, and she felt her face turn crimson from embarrassment but was physically unable to bring herself to remove her finger.

“Oh god,” she thought. “I’m humiliating myself like a desperate little girl in front of my teacher crush. I’m also about three seconds from cumming hard and humiliating myself like a desperate big girl in front of my teacher crush.”

Through the roaring in her ears she heard Professor Johnson say quietly, “Do you need the bathroom, Mia?”

Her eyes filled with tears and she nodded, unable to speak and unable to look up.

“You’ve needed to go since you walked into my classroom, haven’t you?”

She nodded again.

“Why didn’t you go pee before class, Mia?”

For half a second she considered blurting out the truth. Everything. Not just Mika’s blackmail, but her own burgeoning sexual awakening, from pee-holding to submission to the massive orgasms she'd been having fantasizing about both.

Professor Johnson seemed not just friendly, trustworthy and caring, but even in her current state of extreme desperation and arousal, Mia got the feeling he might be…enjoying her situation, prolonging her suffering for his own sadistic pleasure.

And she thought that might be the hottest thing she’d ever imagined.

But then the half-second passed, and she said, “I…I…I guess I didn’t realize how badly—” Another wave of need struck like a lightning bolt, another jet of piss flooded her panties and her left hand joined her right, crushing as hard as possible into her crotch.

“There’s a staff bathroom right through the door in the back of the classroom,” Professor Johnson said gently. “It’s plainly obvious you won’t make it all the way down the hallway to the public ladies room. Would you like to use the staff bathroom, Mia?”

She nodded, staring shame-faced at the floor, unable to meet her teacher’s gaze.

“Go ahead,” he said. “It’s fine.”

She stood rooted to the spot in front of Professor Johnson, embarrassed to her core but, astonishingly, even more aroused than before.

“I…I don’t think I can move without losing it,” she whispered. It was mostly but not entirely true; Mia said it because she had to know if her suspicions about her teacher crush were accurate. She thought she would be able to make it to the staff bathroom on her own if she had to—barely—but now that she’d already humiliated herself in front of Professor Johnson she needed to know the truth about him.

And she knew what he would say next.

“Would you like me to help you to the bathroom, Mia?”

She nodded, dropping into another deep knee bend, never taking her hands out of her crotch.

He rose from behind his desk and Mia instantly got the confirmation she needed. Professor Johnson’s trousers were tented in one of the most obvious erections she had ever seen.

She closed her eyes once more, this time concentrating her hardest to keep from cumming on the spot.

Professor Johnson took her by the elbow and gently lifted her back to her feet, and the pair began walking/shuffling toward the door to the bathroom, Mia bent over and shaking violently. At last they arrived at the bathroom.

Professor Johnson opened the door and turned on the light. “Will you be able to get your shorts and…uh…your panties down by yourself, Mia?”

She wanted to say, “No, please stay and help me,” but that would have been a bridge too far, even in her current state.

Instead she nodded. “I think so.”

Professor Johnson released her arm and turned to retreat to his desk. She said, “Thank you, Professor.”

“Call me Tom.”

“Thank you, Tom.”

“I want you to know something, Mia. You have nothing to feel awkward about. I understand, and this entire situation will stay between the two of us, you have my word.”

She thought, “Based on that boner you’re sporting, I think you do understand,” but of course said nothing of the kind. Instead, she said, “Thank you again, Tom.”

The door closed and she turned toward the toilet, struggling to hold in the rest of her overfilled bladder as she staggered toward it. This had been a day she would never forget, and it was barely ten o’clock in the morning.

