Snowstorm Disaster

Author: HissGenerator

*000*2022-03-27 05:08

Hey everyone. This is a new story, not a part of BLS.

###

‘Welcome back to HGV4: where all news, weather, and local events ‘round reach the ears of the people of Higgsville! Welcome back—before we get into the news, this winter storm needs its own attention, first. That’s right, James, meteorologists say this storm is not one for ‘letting the children out and play’. Stay indoors folks! We all just have to wait it out in the warm comfort of our homes—for those on the road: traffic is at a standstill, visibility is extremely poor, wind gu—‘

“Well, no shit Shirlock, I can’t even move my fuckin’ car to get out of this mess..”

Michael interrupts as he turns the car radio volume down, talking over it.

“Gosh, Michael, why did you think it was a good idea to get shovels from Depo’s now: in the middle of a damn snowstorm?”

“Hey! You agreed with me on this idea of mine—“

“No, I acquiesced, after having argued with you over it to no avail.”

“Well, Kat, there’s no use pointing it out now there, is it?”

“Ugh, Michael, sometimes you just.. have to think—think!”

Kat, pointing her index fingers to the sides of her temples.

“Yeah, yeah.. well, whatever then—“

The snowstorm crashes into Michael’s car—trapped on a heavily-trafficked Route 431—the wind scowling its high-pitched howl as it carries, in the right direction, with it large swathes of snow across against the standstill cars up ahead. Snow falling recklessly: initially falling diagonally to the right, following the wind; until the wind reneges back on itself, crashing its carried snow against the directed snowfall: causing a chaotic confusion of snow flakes to burst through the air, ultimately changing the direction of snowfall to fall diagonally to the left, again following the wind in its new direction.

Visibility non-existent, in a blanket of white dumping profusely its flaky contents onto all manner of things; it might as well be night-time heavy fog, whitened by the scattering of light therein from the bright tungsten-burnt streetlight bulbs.

Michael, trying to come up with a solution to their trapped situation, unthinkingly opens his driver’s side door, letting in a gusty flurry of snowflakes into his car, smashing against his left arm, scurrying around his face and into his girlfriend, Kat’s, face.

“Dammit, Michael, why—why are you opening the door—that shit is hitting me in the face; close—“

Kat pauses as she hastily scrambles across his lap, from her front passenger-side seat, forcefully closing his door.

She looks at him, confounded.

“Michael.. did I not just say to use your brain?”

“I am, we need to get out of this somehow; maybe the folks around us can help—“

“No, Michael, they can’t; they’re just as stuck as we are. We’re just gonna have to wait it out in here.”

Michael, disgruntled, not only at the reality of the situation but also at Kat’s being right, let’s out a hidden discomforted moan and stresses face: seeing the reality of being trapped in his car and having to use the bathroom.

He looks below at his T-shirt tucked into his jeans, his swollen lower abdomen protruding out, his jeans waistband tightly wrapped around it.

Leaving his house in a hurry—thinking he could avoid traffic thereby—he didn’t think twice about his semi-filled bladder, and only about the shovels he thought he so needed urgently.

“Ugh, why did I think leaving was such a great idea—Kat, you should’ve stopped me more better..”

Kat looks at him with the eyes of disbelief, her hands clasped together and fingers intertwined—as though she readying herself for a prayer—for she could not have heard a more dumber comment come out of her boyfriend’s mouth.

An urge to pee came over his body, Michael consequently rubbing both his upper legs—upper thighs to just above his knees—back and forth whilst squeezing them together. He holds back the urge of his full bladder; the waist of his jeans so tightly wrapped around his sensitive lower abdomen placing pressure on his full bladder.

“Ugh, we can’t be stuck in here forever, Kat: I have to use the bathroom.”

“Of course you do. Having drank two cups of hot tea back at home, you didn’t think twice about how you might be—only thinking about those damn shovels.”

“Hey, come on, I get it: it was a dumb move, just drop it already. You were right; I was wrong.”

Another urge to pee surges through Michael’s lower abdomen. He grabs his jeans waistband, pulling it upwards and away from his swollen bladder, relieving thereby the pressure against it.

“Ugh, the pressure of these pants..”

“Michael, you just gotta hold it in—“

“What do you think I’m doing?!”

“—well, hold it in until we get out of this traffic and get home.”

The traffic starts to move up ahead, Michael seeing thus, begins to change gears, but recklessly lets go of his pulled waistband, consequently snapping back harshly against his lower abdomen, forcing urine to leak through his bladder sphincter, and travel down his urethra. Feeling so, he pauses movement of the gearshift—accidentally leaving it in neutral—and swiftly squeezes his sphincter and pelvic muscles, forcing his pee back into his bladder—

“OH FUCK!..”, exclaims Michael.

“What?!, what?!”, Kat responds in alarm, swiftly sitting upright and looking at Michael concerned.

“I almost pissed myself; ugh, dumb.. fuckin’.. waistband!..”

“Oh my g—the car Michael!—the c!—“, Kat shouts as the car slowly drifts backward.

The car starts slipping back as it sits on a slightly sloped inclining road, the snow below removing friction between the tires and road, making slipping ever more an easy reality.

Michael quickly grabs his crotch tightly with his left hand and squeezes his thighs together tightly to quell the surging urge to pee, while he changes the gear into drive.

“The fuck, Michael! What the fuck is wrong with you?!”

“Ugh, sorry! Sorry!”

The traffic seems to start moving ever-so slowly at first, picks up a bit, only to slow back down again, to a grinding halt. Michael steps the brake a little too hard, jerking Kat and he forward, pushing himself against his bladder. The traffic then resumes, moving slowly ahead, and Michael continues accordingly.

The reckless braking placing pressure on Michael’s bladder causes it to yearn for release, ordering an explosive surging urge across Michael’s body. He, driving and unable to grab his crotch with both hands, lets go of the steering wheel with his left hand and grabs his crotch tightly in a fist to quell the urge to pee, but to no avail. He switches to twiddling the head of his penis with his index and middle fingers over his jeans to subside the urge; meanwhile swinging his right leg back and forth, left to right, left to right, etc. He successfully resists the urge, goosebumps rolling across his body thereafter. His shoulders shivering as the goosebumps travel up his back.

“Michael, just take your mind off of it. Think.. mm.. think about—gosh, I don’t know.. me; think about me..”

Michael’s eyebrows crinkle together, he thinking: ‘think about her, what good would that do?’

“What the hell is there to think about, Kat: how you yell at me all the time, how you never like my ideas, how you never—for once—just entertain the possibilities—hm, this does seem to take my mind off of my bursting bladder!”

“Hey!—hey, I don’ yell, I just.. raise my voice because sometimes you don’ listen to me—no!—what I meant was.. think seductively about me.”

Michael turns his head swiftly to the right, in her direction, as if his eyes need to double-check what his ears just heard now.

“Think what now!.. S-sed-seductively?..”

“Yeah.. well.. you know.. I read somewhere that if you have to pee, you could turn yourself on, and that would distract your mind from your urging bladder.”

“Well, what should I think.. about.. you—“

“What do you mean what should you think—have you never thought about me in some way to get yourself off?!?!”

“Oh!.. Well, yeah, I have.. I-I.. just.. thought maybe.. you had something in mind?..”

“Oh.. well.. how about I do this:”

Kat unzips the front of her jacket, pinning it between her back and the seat. She lifts her dark blue shirt slightly, briefly exposing her lightly tanned lower waist. She places her left hand against her lower waist and slowly slips it into her black leggings, underneath her panties and across her pussy. She puffs her chest forwards, exaggerating her hornyness. She bites the left corner of her bottom lip and naughtily switches her eyes to the left, into Michael’s eyes.

Michael baffled, unable to form words.

His attention strays from the road, and peripherally notices the back of the truck trailer ahead slowly approach the windshield—he slams on his breaks in a fear-induced reflex, but the snow’s lack of friction below the tires causes his car to nevertheless slide forward. The car still approaching the back of the trailer, Michael quickly, but carefully swerves his car into the right roadway curb, coming to a sliding halt therein.

Michael ruins the mood entirely as Kat is screaming for dear life. After coming to a stop, she punches him hard in the arm.

“MICHAEL, YOU ALMOST FUCKIN’ KILL!—“

She pauses mid-exclamation.

She looks below and notices a huge dark-blue wet patch on Michael’s bulging crotch, contrasting the lighter blue of his jeans; it’s circumference extending well past and over his front pockets and a small puddle of piss sloshing between his inner thighs.

“Oh my..”, covering her mouth in disbelief.

“What are you—“, Michael pausing, as the adrenaline subsides and he starts to feel the wetness of his crotch, tight briefs and jeans soaked with piss.

“Oh.. fuck..”, swiftly looking below, shocked that he didn’t feel that he released..

“Oh my.. Michael, you peed yourself—you actually fuckin’ peed yourself..”

Michael is speechless, looking down in disbelief. He feels the urge to pee again and holds it back—

“Oh, fuck, I still have to pee!—quick, Kat, start rubbing yourself again!”

“What, ew, no, why the fuck would I do that now, I—“

“What do you mean: ‘no’, I need to take my mind off of—“

Michael, pausing as he attempts to direct all his attention to quell the tingling urge in his belly, unfastens his jeans button and zipper, exposing his darkened and soaked light-grey briefs and flaccid penis hidden underneath, though clearly visible by the soaked fabric tightly molded around and into the shape of his member.

He squeezes his eyes together, bites on his bottom lips, and clenches both his hands into fists, in order to withhold the surge to pee. But, already having accidentally exploded in his jeans, his weaken bladder sphincter gives in a little and his fabric-molded member glistens at its head, as he uncontrollably leaks into his briefs and jeans.

He unclenches his eyes, opening his mouth slightly to inhale—he lets go of his face as looks at his soaked crotch below, realizing his inability to hold himself; he bites on his right fist, placing his left hand on his swollen belly in discomfort, as he desperately tries to clench his bladder sphincter from leaking any further, succeeding briefly—but the urge quickly overtakes his clenching, and nevertheless leaks despite his best efforts. His eyes quickly dart to Kat, innocently and with the stare of embarrassment, as he quickly realized that he’s urinating himself in front of his girlfriend, who’s watching in awe.

“Ahhh, no.. no!—Kat!.. please!.. look away..”, Michael voice trembling in embarrassment.

But she doesn’t flinch nor move a muscle, continuing to watch Michael release spurts of piss, glistening with every leakage as he fights and struggles to prevent leakage.

Seeing as his resistance was unfruitful and to no avail, he embarrassingly gives up, as the urge to urinate overtakes his patience, and lets go completely, his piss stream accelerating in his tight briefs; it grows from a soft hiss to moderate volume.

His briefs explode with piss, as his stream reaches full force, glistening in a prolonged, clearly audible hiss. The puddle between his thighs growing and flows over the edge of his seat, splashing onto the carpet mat floor below.

Michael looks down at his crotch, his head falling down limp in shame yet relief, as he releases his swollen bladder, his balls engulfed and swimming in the warmth of his piss. His unzipped jeans darkening at his his inner upper thighs; piss flowing horizontally across his thighs and trickling down his calves, resting in his brown snow-boots and soaking his white socks.

He wiggles his feet and toes, sloshing in the puddle of piss inside his shoes.

“Oh.. oh.. ohhhhhhhh.. ohhhhhhhh..”, he lets out sighs of relief, as his warm stream continues.

Kat is confounded and at a total loss for words. In witnessing Michael’s relief, she, for reasons to her hitherto unknown, is slightly turned on by his giving in to desperation; as if she’s stumbled upon a new kink of hers for the first time.

Michael picks his head up and sits back in his seat, while continuing to release his stream. He crosses his arms on top and across his face while emptying the rest of his bladder in his seat.

While Michael sits back in his seat in relief unloading his bladder, Kat, whose pussy tingles uncontrollably at the sight of her boyfriend urinating himself, secretly slips her right hand underneath her leggings and panties, covering her arm with her jacket, and rubs her wet swelling lips. She bites the right corner of her lip, effectively hiding it away from her boyfriend.

She plays with herself secretly, hiding her newly-found new kink away from her boyfriend.

‘There’s no way I can let him know about this.. he’d think me an odd-ball’, she thinks while rubbing herself.

Michael finishes in his seat, but doesn’t move from his position, frozen in the reality of embarrassment: that his girlfriend watched a grown man—like a little child—wet himself; thinking to himself: ‘damn, I have such a weak fuckin’ bladder..’

Kat, lost in her hornyness, doesn’t realize that Michael has finished; she, sitting back with her eyes closed, re-living in her mind Michael’s desperation and urination, making her pussy more wet and she consequently rubs harder against herself.

Her body quivers and shivers, in a subdued manner, since she also is trying to be careful not to get caught masterbating to her soaked boyfriend while she’s swimming in an ecstasy of pleasure.

Michael uncrosses and lowers his arms to his sides, and stoops his head, looking down at the mess he’s made—but in his right-eye periphery notices Kat’s subdued shivering body slipping into exposure: his preview.

Michael looks at her silently, at first in curiosity as to what she’s doing, his eyebrows crinkling together when he notices her crotch and lower waist moving in ever-so-subtle circles:

‘Oh shit..’, he’s realizes in his mind: ‘she’s rubbing one out—have—have I turned her on?’

Michael, knowing full well what she’s doing, just stares at her, getting slightly turned on by his masterbating girlfriend.

He stares at her until she lets out a subdued—what she thinks is totally hidden from her boyfriend—moan, orgasming and cumming into and through her fingers, her panties absorbing it.

She never opens her eyes once to check whether Michael is looking, and thus doesn’t notice him watching her finish.

As she reached the end of her orgasm, tightly squeezing her slim thighs together in satisfaction to what she’s just done, she removes her hand from her pants and opens her eyes—Michael quickly scurrying back to his arms-crossed-against-his-face embarrassed position, as if nothing happened.

She notices his swift movement back to ‘normal’, peripherally, but doesn’t consider that perhaps he was watching her; rather, that he was hiding what he’s done in his seat, moving swiftly and reflexively back so as to hide whatever exposed on his embarrassment.

Michael hides a smile behind his lips, and places the car in drive; on the way back, both say nothing to each other out of awkwardness and shyness.

They both get back home soaked.

