Dinner with a full bladder for my GF

Author: huberp76

*000*2020-04-13 16:15

Since i can remember, i love it to prevent girls to go to the loo.

Here one experience with Margot.

Margot was a girl who never went to the loo at our dates.

I think that she was sometimes needing to wee, but that she was shy to admit it and that’s why she was holding it.

I did love that and i did not give her really a natural opportunity to go to a toilet.

Onetime at the evening we were invited for a dinner at my parents. I was the first visit vor her at my home.

I did always keep a eye for that, that she had enough to drink.

I was curious, how long it would last until she would ask for the loo .

After the dinner we had a conversation with my parents for about 2 hours and then we went to my room.

I made her drink and she did drink a lot.

We were lying on my bed and watched a video.

We kissed and my hands was there, where a boy like to have his hands, if he is alone with a girl.

Most of the time on and between her smooth, nude thighs.

It was 10 pm and i could not believe that she was not needing to wee after that long time and after all that she was drinking.

I did make a test with her and with her bladder.

I laid my head on her thighs and pushed with my head against her belly.

She moaned ”Ooohh, be carful don’t press on my bladder, I am needing to wee so bad, i doing it in my panties if you push on my bladder.“

It was the first time ever that she did talk about her urge to pee, since i did know her.

She told me that she would need to pee really bad, but she did not ask for the loo and i did not offer her to go, i did like that she was needing to wee.

I was like she was not allowed to use our bathroom, or she was to shy to go, because my parents were still awake,or she was well mannered to be a good girl, to hold it until she was at home.

It was total arousing for me that she was needing to wee so bad, but did not go.

One hour later i did give her another large coke and she told me that her bladder would be to full for to drink some more.

I made her drink and she did let me make her drink.

She still did not ask for the loo and i did not ask her if i should bring her to the bathroom, to do a much needed wee.

It was like we did both agree about that, that she had to hold it until she was at home.

More and more i had my hand between her thighs and on her, still dry, panties.

2 hours later, we went to my car, to bring her home.

I did not choose the shortest way. I had all the time and i did enjoy every minute that she had to hold it longer.

“Please bring me home as fast as you can! I am waiting for so long to wee,i can’t wait much longer.“ she was begging.

I putted my hand on her swollen belly and pressed soft on her bulging bladder.

“You are pretty full down there, you are needing to wee really bad! Don’t you?” i wanted to know.

”Oh yes! I am needing it so bad, all my belly hurts from needing to wee so bad.“ she answered.

She told me that she was not at the loo since this morning and that she was needing to go long before i did pick her up for dinner at 6 pm.

She said that she wanted to go before i picked her up, but i was to early and she did not wanted to make me wait, so she did leave with her bladder full from the day and a urge to pee.

She did not wee since 16 hours and did drink all evening long.

Now she is really frantic to go, she told me and i did love it!

I did not ask her why she did not use our bathroom, because i did not wanted to animate her to do it in future.

I hoped that she would hold it at our next dates too, until i bring her home.

Even our dates would last all day long.

I had luck, she did always hold it until home.

Sometimes she did not wee all day!

*002*2020-09-07 20:32

{{On 4/14/2020 at 10:50 PM, Dwayne said:

I once had a female friend I was hanging around with sometimes. She had a small bladder and prefered drinks that had a stronger effect on it. Despite her need, she would mention it but would not ask to go home or find a toilet (only once), and when saying goodbye whe hugged and I took my time with it.

}}

It must have been great and arousing for you, to know that your girl was needing to wee and that she did not ask for a loo and than to hug her for goodbye for so long as possible, to make her hold and wait.

Did you press her body (bladder) hard against your body?

*004*2021-01-14 22:42

{{On 9/7/2020 at 11:53 PM, Dwayne said:

I didn't want to make my sexual fantasies and especially not my fetish obvious (though I'm sure she figured it out). It was absolutely arousing while she was slightly dancing around in my arms. She actually told me later she would've waited longer if I wanted to and promised to hold it for me as long as she could when we meet next time. The next time she actually drank a lot and held it. A while later she asked me to to go to a mall so she can pee. In front of the toilets she asked me to take her bag and I took the chance to deny it. As she danced on the spot and told me she really can't hold it longer I gave in to not seem like a creep.

We used to cuddle and it was an appealing fantasy to press on her bladder while knowing her urgent needs, as she was shaking around with her legs. I don't know anymore if I made my fantasy true though. Another time we sat on a seesaw on a playground when she complained about her bladder and I had fun swinging it. But as I said, I didn't want to seem more of a creep as I already was and I've been careful to not cross any limits.

If she didn't fell in love with someone else who knows how that could've turned out today. I'd have definitely crossed theses limits at some point with her agreement. After all she always had the choice to empty her bladder earlier, there was surely some interest involved.

}}

That sounds so good that a girl promised you, that she will hold it next time for so long as she can.

That is so hot if a girl hold it so long she can, or better, for so long until she can’t anymore.

It is hot and arousing too, like you write, to press on a girl’s bladder if you know that she is needing to wee. I love that too!!

Did you have more experiences where a girl was holding it for you?

