What a Wife Must Do

Author: holditin

*000*2021-12-04 21:58

Hope you all enjoy this one. I think it gets pretty intense by the end. Hope everyone who reads is having a good holiday season

***

My wife Karthi was walking next to me in the afternoon sunlight, a picture of radiance…..but also a picture of annoyance. There was a stiffness to her gait, and gazing at the swell coming from her lower abdomen underneath her traditional sari, I thought I knew the reason. “Is everything alright, my darling? You look tense,” I offered condolences with my tone. Karthi frowned and huffed, “It would be nice to get to the bathroom once in a day...”

So it was true, the need to pee was interfering with her mood. I replayed the events of the day in my head and realized that what she was saying was accurate. She hadn’t left my side to take a single toilet break while we’d been out. In fact, the last time Karthi had relieved herself was this morning upon waking. “Would you like me to see if one of these shops has a women’s room you can use?” I asked with an apologetic tone, knowing that my desire for an all day outing was ultimately the reason for my wife’s discomfort. But Karthi shook her head, “I’ll just endure it. It’s nothing unusual, I always have to hold it…..”

She said it with a mixture of disdain, pride, and resignation. Having grown up in an extremely traditional part of India, my wife had had her comfort breaks restricted from a young age, and I sometimes had to remind myself just how resilient she could be. We stayed out an hour longer, even getting some coconut water from a rickety stall when I got thirsty from talking, and Karthi accepted hers despite a frown. It was dusk when we arrived back at home, and after coming inside and removing her flats, Karthi grimaced once more, then walked immediately to the bathroom. Just before she was out of view, I watched as she turned and observed that the protrusion of her lower abdomen was even greater than when I had noticed it during our walk.

A few seconds passed, during which the only sounds coming from behind the bathroom door were the rustling of Karthi’s sari as she hastily removed it, and then an almighty piss hit the bowl and blared through the entire house, such was its force. I was awestruck at how my wife could remain so outwardly calm when such a pressure raged within her. She hadn’t pissed in just over 14 hours, and her hissing torrent continued to assault my ears for well over a minute before dissipating. It was no wonder she had seemed so cross, with her muscles surely working with full resistance at all times to keep the flood held inside. After another minute, Karthi emerged from the bathroom, sweat on her forehead but otherwise looking unphased by her urinary display.

“You really need to let me get to a bathroom more often. It’s not healthy when it gets so built up like that!” my wife told me later that night, as we sat at our dining room table, eating a little snack of bread pakora before bed. “Honey, I try to suggest it, but you’re not so keen on using public restrooms, remember? And besides, you have an enormous bladder and I’ve never seen you come to your limits before,” I replied, a little more stiffly than intended, as I couldn’t help but remember all the times I’d tried to find my Karthi a bathroom and been rebuffed. “I think you men get some sick enjoyment out of seeing women suffer like this. Just because my bladder is unnaturally large, is that an excuse to let it fill up until it hurts??” This was not the first time that Karthi had posited this question to me. It seemed to be something that came up once a month or so, and I again attributed it to her extraordinarily conservative upbringing.

Sure, she would trade barbs like this with me in the evenings, but while we were out and in public, she was the picture of elegance. Her urinary distress was something that Karthi had begrudgingly accepted as a facet of her life, and while she talked like this on occasion, I knew that no action would ultimately come of it. “I think you’re overreacting a little. You’re strong enough down there to bear any burden, so you should do so with pride!” I tried playing to her ego now to diffuse the situation.

Karthi’s cheeks took on an amber hue as she answered, though I couldn’t tell if it was from my strategy working, or from frustration, “You say that so lightly! You don’t know how much of a burden it is! My muscles have to be clamped like steel, even if my bladder is cramping and aching. This afternoon there was no respite for hours.” Seeing she was in a particular mood this evening, I let it go. Hearing Karthi talk about her bladder and her desperation in such a way was enough to fuel a hardon in my trousers, and my wife was blissfully unaware of the true reason for my passion when making love to her that night.

It was only a couple days after this incident when a new hire began working at my office – a curvy woman named Raisha, a statuesque woman, but with wide hips and still a flat belly. My mind being what it is, my first thought was that it seemed the Gods had designed her to have as much space for a growing bladder in her belly as possible. But I tried to put this out of my mind to concentrate on my work. Besides, what were the odds of that? But as the next few days went on, I realized that my suspicions were apparently not far off at all. I sat in such a way where I had vision of both her desk and the women’s room door, and yet despite seeing Raisha sipping coffee on a daily basis, she never once made use of the women’s room.

Surely her bladder must have been very spacious indeed to contain her flood all day long. On Friday afternoon, some of the other women in the office invited Raisha to go out drinking with them, and while I was certain that now she would take the opportunity to relieve herself before leaving, Raisha left with the other women and walked right past the bathroom door on her way out of the office. I could only imagine her bladder capacity, as well as the confidence she must have had in herself to hold on so long with no chance of a break.

That evening, while making dinner conversation with Karthi, I began talking about the new hire in the office, and without thinking, I made mention of her seemingly bottomless bladder. It was meant as a harmless comment, but I saw my wife pause just for a second after the words left my lips. It was like someone had blown a puff of air directly into her face. Then Karthi gave a slight shake of her head and continued eating, but for the rest of the evening her conversation was more subdued.

She seemed annoyed, even distant at times, which was quite unlike her. For all of her roughness and argumentative nature, Karthi was still an exceptional wife, and we were very in tune with one another, so for her to act this way was unnatural and frankly left me guessing and anxious. We went to bed, and I could almost hear her muttering to herself faintly as we laid on opposite sides of the bed, facing away from each other. Then sleep overtook me before I could dwell on this behavior too much longer.

The next morning, I awoke to a furious splashing coming from the bathroom, which I quickly ascertained was my beautiful wife taking her morning piss. She had calmly slept through the night with a large amount of urine residing within her, enough to make most women wake up frantically only a couple hours after shutting their eyes. This was normal for her, but I did think that the sound coming from the bathroom was louder than usual, almost as if she was squeezing her muscles to force the piss out faster than usual to create such a vibration against the bowl. By the time I was fully awake and dressed, I came to the kitchen to see Karthi in a fine traditional sari and already drinking down a bottle of fruit juice.

Karthi didn’t greet me, but I could see her looking at me out of the very corner of her eye, almost as if gauging my reaction to her urinary display. I said nothing for fear of angering her further, instead offering a normal “Good morning” only after she had finished and disposed of the empty bottle. I was planning on a relaxing day in, but to my surprise, Karthi suggested a day out, and she suggested in such a way with her tone that I knew there was no discussing the matter. This was rare, as normally I was the more outgoing of the two. But we left soon after, with Karthi grabbing a couple of additional bottles of fruit juice for the road.

I’d thought the fruit juice was for both of us, but by the time we’d reached our destination (a city 2 hours from our house), Karthi had drained both bottles. Karthi always kept herself hydrated, but I was not used to seeing her consume this volume of liquid, especially so early in a day where we were so far from her preferred bathroom. While exiting the car, I decided to try and get on her good side, so I told her, “Hey dear, I see you’re drinking quite a lot. If you need to stop for a toilet soon, please let me know and I’ll try to find you a good place.” Instead of relief at my suggestion, Karthi nearly did a double take, but then told me in an edgy way, “No, don’t worry about such things. I am a woman and we have to control our bladders sometimes….”

“Ok, but if you change your mind, just tell me,” I tried again, only to be rebuffed, “I will not change my mind. I’m very strong down there.”

Imagine my surprise when 45 minutes later, after visiting one shop, the next thing Karthi did was buy a pouch of coconut water from a roadside stand. So much liquid she was consuming! I couldn’t help but get aroused at this display, but thankfully was able to control myself in such a public setting. I caught a slight squirm soon after she finished it, the first sign that all of her quick drinking was catching up to her. But Karthi made no mention of her need, and when we stopped for lunch, she ordered a tall glass of water with no hesitation and made sure the glass was empty when we left. When leaving, she had to pause briefly, as my wife’s large bladder was surely unhappy with just how much she was drinking, but when I pointed to the women’s restroom after making use of the men’s, Karthi shook her head and said nothing more. The afternoon continued on in much the same way – Karthi was clearly in need of a bathroom, but also quite clearly capable of waiting and determined to do so.

Instead of berating me for an inability to find her a clean toilet, as I was used to in situations like this, she simply maintained her conviction to hold it and let her bladder swell to accommodate the mass of urine that was flowing into her. After a bottle of water in the afternoon and a full glass of sweet tea with our dinner, I was sure my wife was about to pop. It was as much as I’d ever seen her drink during a day, let alone a day when we were out in public and she was refraining from using a toilet. I could see the shape of her bladder under her sari, and it was swollen to the extreme.

The pressure on her aching sphincter muscle must have been tremendous, but my Karthi bore it, despite a look of agitation on her face and the smaller steps she was having to take at this stage. When we reached our car, I asked her, “Karthi, it’s been 14 hours since you’ve had a pee. Are you sure you don’t want to find a bathroom before we depart? You look very uncomfortable.” Anger flashed on my wife’s face for a moment, then dissipated slightly, and she replied stubbornly, “Of course I’m uncomfortable, have you seen everything I’ve had to drink today?? But I haven’t used the bathroom once! Let’s just go home, I’m going to hold it...”

There was no reasoning with her, and so that’s what we did. On the drive back, conversation was sparse, owing entirely to the amount of concentration that Karthi was focusing upon keeping her tired bladder sphincter clenched as tightly as possible. She looked to be in pain, and from the size of her bulging bladder, I could understand why. But she kept her legs crossed, kept a hand on the underside of her abdomen, and looked out the window for most of the journey, giving only short replies whenever I attempted to initiate some talking between us. We finally arrived home, pulling into the drive a full 16 hours after Karthi had taken her morning pee.

She took a couple deep breaths before opening her passenger-side door and standing, as I watched her steel herself for the added pressure of gravity on her quivering bladder. I got to see a side profile view of her briefly before we began walking to the door, and I was gobsmacked at the size of her bladder. It was enormous, bulging out in an entirely unnatural way on her frame. Standing next to her to open our front door, I couldn’t help but notice that there was an intensity radiating from her, surely a result of just how strong of an effort she was making to keep her piss contained for just a few more seconds.

Then we were inside, and Karthi walked purposefully to the bathroom, stopping only for a second to turn in my direction, as if to make sure I knew where she was going, and then she was in the bathroom. I heard the rustle of the sari being taken off, and then a piss unlike any I had heard from my wife before started in earnest. The echo of a waterfall reverberated off the walls of the bathroom and flowed through the entire house. I was having trouble believing just how much pressure Karthi had held at bay, listening to just how ferocious her piss was. I’d always known my wife had an iron bladder, but this was more than I’d ever heard from her before.

It was a good 3 minutes before the monstrous pee came to an end, and I waited for Karthi to exit the bathroom, contemplating the earful I was about to receive for “forcing” her to hold as much as she just had. Instead, nothing of the sort happened, as my wife said nothing and passed me by to make a cup of tea. That night, just like the night of our previous day trip, our lovemaking was torrid and bold, but there was one difference. Karthi was the one who initiated. Visions of the giant bulge under her sari filled my mind’s eye as I came buckets into her ass to finish (Karthi’s dirty little secret that I was all too happy to indulge for her), and soon we both drifted off to a very content slumber.

The following week of work was a slow one, but with one notable exception on Friday afternoon. Around 3:30 pm I was walking back to my desk from the break room when I heard what sounded like a burst pipe coming from inside the women’s bathroom. I almost went to ring maintenance, before I got a brief flashback of my wife’s ridiculous symphony of pee the prior weekend and realized that I was most likely listening to someone relieving themselves of an ungodly amount of piss. I hurried to my desk to avoid raising suspicion as to why I had suddenly come to a complete halt outside the women’s room, and also because I was developing quite the erection that needed to be hidden. When I sat, my eyes set on the desk of Raisha…...but there was no Raisha to be found.

Odd, as she’d been sitting there all day as usual, drinking away at multiple refills from the oversized water bottle she had started bringing to work. Another minute passed with my brain working at a snail’s pace, though to be fair most of the blood in my body had been redirected elsewhere, before finally I realized that the blaring piss noise had stopped, and a few seconds later I saw Raisha and another female colleague exiting the women’s room. They were chattering and not being too quiet about it, and as Raisha got back to her desk I overheard a snippet of conversation. “Girl, you had to GO!” the other woman laughed, and Raisha had smiled genuinely, not at all embarrassed about her urinary performance as most women would be, and answered, “Oh, it wasn’t that bad! I just figured I’d accompany you! That’s what I get for continuing this liquid diet today. Slept through my alarm and had to rush to get here on time, so I didn’t even pee this morning!”

“You’re too much, Raisha!” her friend cackled, patting her on the shoulder and continuing on to her own desk further away in the building. I could scarcely believe what I had heard. The reason for the deluge of piss that Raisha had just released from her perfectly proportioned body was a result of a skipped morning piss, plus extra water throughout the day! And she hadn’t even looked desperate during the day before she left her desk for that pee, which to my knowledge was the first work piss she’d ever taken.

I couldn’t get Raisha’s urinary performance out of my head all afternoon. I got home that evening and my wife and I made idle conversation over dinner. She’d been in a good mood all week and I was reaping the benefits of that. During a lull in conversation, not thinking, the foremost thought in my brain slipped out and I commented to Karthi, “Hey dear, you remember how I’d told you about that woman at work, Raisha, who never seemed to use the bathroom?” Karthi’s body language changed immediately.

Within a second, she had put her metaphorical guard up, but I could see her trying to stay calm and even-toned as she asked, “Yes – what’s new with her? Did she finally piss herself at her desk?” I continued to ramble, “No, no, just the opposite. She finally used the bathroom at work, and my goodness it was so loud! I swear the whole office must have heard her! Though I can only imagine how badly she had to go, for she said that she hadn’t even peed that morning before coming in. Overslept or something like that...” I trailed off at the end, as I’d looked back at my wife during my retelling of the story and saw that she’d gotten a weirdly intense look in her eyes, and she was now gripping her fork much harder than was necessary.

“Are you ok?” I asked, confused at this reaction to a simple story. “I’m…..fine,” Karthi replied, clearly putting a great deal of effort into not shouting. The rest of the evening passed normally, though again I could sense that my wife was more tense than usual. Her before bed pee was not particularly long that night, but it made up for it in sheer volume. Like her morning pee the previous Saturday, it brought to my mind images of her squeezing to push the pee out as quickly and loudly as possible, though of course that made no logical sense, and so I made myself think of other things before she finished.

Then I heard her move to the kitchen and the sink was turned on briefly, and Karthi came to the bedroom carrying a large glass of water, which she drank from heartily before laying down next to me. Soon I felt myself drifting off for the night, only to be awakened slightly by the movement of Karthi rolling over, taking the half-full glass off the nightstand, and drinking down the rest of the water before returning the empty glass to its position. A few minutes later and I was asleep.

My wife and I both awoke early the next morning, and while I quickly made use of the bathroom to empty my bladder and brush my teeth, Karthi deliberately avoided the toilet when she joined me for her morning ritual of dental hygiene. She was refusing to even look at it, which caught my eye because Karthi always had a good deal of urine build up overnight and was keen to relieve her aching bladder in the mornings. My mind drifted to the large glass of water she’d had before bed and I realized that she was probably even fuller than usual this morning, which compounded my confusion at her strange behavior. My wife didn’t skimp on the coffee or juice with breakfast, and then busied herself with various tasks around the house.

There was no reason to get to the chores so early in the day, especially on a weekend, and I couldn’t help but think that Karthi was trying to keep herself distracted from something. It took until 11 am, but then I noticed my wife squirm and clench at her thighs briefly while watering one of the plants we kept on the deck, and my foggy mind finally put two and two together. She was distracting herself from her bladder, which was now unrelieved for over 12 hours and surely must have been proving to be a burden for her. I wondered why she didn’t just go and pee. She never held deliberately when we were at home, as there was no reason to subject herself to that urinary torment. Still, I decided to do my best to relax and enjoy the show, if that’s what she was intent on providing to me, unintentionally or not.

We had lunch around noon, and with it came another glass of water, and also some discreet jiggling from Karthi’s end of the table. I still said nothing about her plight and tried to make sure I was only watching out of the corner of my eye, lest she become suspicious of just how much I was looking her up and down. Then we went to do our own things, with Karthi sitting on the sofa to watch her shows on the television, and me curling up on a nearby chair with a nice book. I thought Karthi had calmed back down, as the jiggling had stopped, but an hour later I realized that she was so still that it was almost unnatural. Then I saw her fists clenched hard, muscles all over her body taut. The calmness was a facade, with my wife using her considerable endurance to keep herself from showing outward signs of desperation, but it came at the cost of keeping herself entirely tensed up at all times.

Around 2 pm I saw she was actually sweating, and Karthi finally caught my eye, but instead of questioning my staring, she gulped, shut her eyes briefly, and then blurted out, “What time of day did Raisha use the bathroom again?!” This was far from the question I was expecting, and so I paused for a few seconds to clear my head before replying, “When…….oh, do you mean my story about work yesterday? Gosh, well…..let me think. I guess it was about half past 3. Why do you ask?” Karthi could barely restrain herself upon hearing my answer. “Gahhhh!” a half-shout half-grunt emitted from her lips before she could cut it off, but then my wife silenced herself, crossed her legs, and replied, “No reason. It was just on my mind.”

As the afternoon wore on, Karthi looked downright uncomfortable. One leg was crossed over the other, and some shifting on the sofa had begun, her ample rump moving this way for a few seconds, then that way, never staying still for more than a minute or two at most. When Karthi got up from her seat around 2:30, only to return a minute later clutching a glass of water, I nearly fell out of my own chair. What was she doing?? Still, I thought better than to bring attention to her odd urinary behavior. Within a few minutes, the glass was emptied, and somehow Karthi’s resolve seemed to have strengthened. The squirming was kept to a minimum, though her bladder was bulging out ominously over her silk pajama bottoms that she had never changed out of. There was more tension, and more sweat, but otherwise her bladder’s urgency seemed to have calmed down for the time.

When Karthi’s eyes flicked to the clock on the far side of the wall and saw that it read 3:30, a devilish smile crept over the corners of her mouth. She was sitting upright now and appeared to be almost hyper alert, as if adrenaline was coursing through her veins, and she sat and watched her shows for another half an hour, before finally rising from her seat at 4 pm, wincing ever so slightly at her bladder’s distaste for this new position, and then walked with stiff but elegant steps to the bathroom.

I was still pretending to read, but once Karthi entered the bathroom, I put down my book and readied my ears, and sure enough within some seconds she was in full flow, her piss shooting out of her and into the toilet for the first time in over 17 hours. On and on the stream went, never losing intensity until abruptly finishing a good 2 ½ minutes later. I briefly considered whether it was actually hurting to have the piss exit her body with such speed and fury. But I kept these thoughts to myself as Karthi reentered the room, her cheeks slightly reddened, and perhaps I could detect a hint of pride in the way she calmly sat back down on the sofa, but otherwise we both kept our thoughts unspoken and continued to have a relaxing day.

Karthi’s odd bathroom behavior stayed on my mind for the rest of the day, and I felt like the reason for it was just out of reach, like my mind was in a fog and the answer was just on the other side of the dim haze, currently unreachable but growing ever more clear as the hours passed. We went to bed, where I tossed and turned for most of the night, and finally I snapped awake at 3 am and it all made sense to me. Unable to wait until a better hour of the morning, I shook my darling wife awake and then asked her, “Karthi…..are you jealous of my coworker Raisha’s large bladder?”

For a second I thought Karthi was going to go off on me, for having woken her up in the middle of the night and then followed that up by bringing up my attractive female coworker, but then Karthi’s features softened as she looked into my eyes and realized how honest of a question it was, and she answered me, “Jealous……..is not the right word. Honey, this is difficult for me to admit, but while waiting for hours without a toilet is painful for me, and having SUCH a full bladder is a real burden, and having to control the unfathomable pressure that bears down on me every second just screaming for release….well, it is not easy, let me say that. I’ve always begrudgingly accepted that this was what I had to do.

And like you know, I am certainly built for the task. My bladder can swell to gigantic proportions, and it will feel like steel down there because it is so hard from being so full. But then….when you talked about Raisha, when you talked so calmly and eagerly about how strong her giant bladder is….it struck a nerve that I didn’t know existed in me. All of a sudden, because her ability impressed you, I think, I felt pride for my bladder capacity. And I am more than a little possessive of you.

So I needed you to see, that as well as you think Raisha and her perfect bladder can hold, I can outdo her. I can be more impressive than her. I feel that…..I MUST have the strongest and the biggest bladder of any woman you know. I need to prove that I am that woman. I don’t expect you to fully understand, and honestly, I’m still trying to work out these feelings myself, but I have this fire deep inside that is burning and telling me that I must be the best for you.” Wordlessly, I reached over and wrapped Karthi in a hard hug, not letting go for minutes, stunned and appreciating her honesty. And to think she was putting herself through this torment due to her feelings for me! When I let her go we were both glowing, despite the ridiculous hour of the morning.

I asked her, “And so, after last weekend and this weekend, do you feel like you’ve proven your point?” Karthi considered this, and then her brow furrowed and she unexpectedly said, “Actually…...no. I don’t. Because I know that next week, you’re going to go back into work, and Raisha will avoid the toilets all day as usual, and you’ll always have that question in your head of whether she can hold it better. Even if you say that you won’t, I know you will. Men can’t help but think of such unsavory things.” Rather than deny what we both knew to be true, I thought for a moment and asked, “So what can we do then, to put your mind at ease?”

Karthi was silent for several minutes, and then she blurted out, “A contest!” Seeing the look of shock on my face, she continued, “It’s the only way to prove for certain who is better. Raisha and I must have a waiting contest. I will not lose, because I must not lose.” I was trying to comprehend what my wife had just suggested, but I surely was not about to turn down such an idea. We discussed it until sunlight began to enter our bedroom window, but by then it was settled – I was to convince Raisha to enter into this contest against my wife Karthi, and they would battle it out until one woman had to quit and take a much needed piss. It was devilishly simple, and yet I found myself wondering if there was any way that Raisha would ever accept such a proposal.

“I accept your proposal,” Raisha said flatly, but full of confidence, barely after I was able to get the words out of my mouth. It was the following Monday, and after a few hours of sweating over my decision to ask such an…..indecent request of my work colleague, I had sidled up to Raisha’s desk after lunch, with no one else in the near vicinity, and popped the question, “Raisha, forgive me in advance, because this is quite a strange request. I can’t help but notice that you rarely seem to, er, use the facilities while at work.

One day, I’d mentioned this to my wife, just from talking, don’t think I was paying more attention to you than I should have! But you see, my wife is the same way, and she’s dreamed up the idea of doing a sort of….well, a competition between the two of you, to see who could hold it longer before one of you has to, you know…….PEE.” My rambling suggestion had not put Raisha off in the slightest, and I was now going weak at the knees, as never in a million years had I thought she would accept the idea with such ease.

I almost gulped, “Um…..are you sure you don’t want to think about it first?” Raisha grinned, but it was not a friendly grin, it was the grin of a lioness hunting her prey and knowing she was about to feast, “There’s nothing to think about, honey. As I’m sure you’ve recognized from sitting across from me this long, I’ve got a bladder that can hold as much as I tell it to, for as long as I tell it to. I don’t think you know just how big it really is. A contest will be no problem. But let’s up the stakes a little, just to make sure your wife goes all out. If I win, I get a date with you. What do you say? Agreeable terms?”

My mouth was so dry I could barely swallow. “Yes, Raisha, I’ll have to confirm with my wife, but she was so adamant about this contest that I can’t imagine her declining.” Somehow, Raisha’s grin widened, the corners of her mouth nearly at her ears. As I went back to my desk, I could feel my heart throbbing in my chest. I didn’t know Raisha had such a sense of competitiveness in her, but she was downright scary in that conversation, brimming with a confidence that bordered on fanaticism. I could see it in her eyes. However kind and sane she had seemed during our time in the office, behind the facade was a woman hell bent on success and urinary superiority, and I was sure she would stop at nothing to keep her bladder shut at all costs.

That night, I explained Raisha’s date idea to my wife, and without batting an eye Karthi accepted. “That bitch!” she grumbled fiercely, contemplating the audacity of Raisha’s suggestion. Both women had displayed such intensity in their manners when it came to this challenge that I was almost uneasy, trying to contemplate just how far both women were prepared to push themselves, as well as the ramifications on the psyche of the one who inevitably lost. It was decided that Raisha would visit our home on Friday. We only had a half day in the office that day, so she could arrive by noon, and then the contest would begin, and both ladies would drink until one of them had to admit defeat and go pee.

Talk of the contest did not dominate my conversations with either woman during the rest of the week, but they both made sure to make snide comments and jabs at the other to me every day, and I felt bad blood hanging in the air even though neither woman had actually met the other. Raisha had started making eye contact with me every time she tipped back her water bottle to take a drink, and on Thursday night, as Karthi and I were in bed, my wife looked me in the eyes and promised me that she would not lose. I could barely concentrate on anything at work Friday morning, and was thankful to leave my desk and head home, even though my heart was beating louder and faster in my chest, because I knew that the moment of truth was now at hand.

At 11:55 am, as Karthi and I were seated in silence in the living room, neither talking, simply considering what was to come, there was a rapt knock on the door. We made eye contact for a moment and I gave my wife a hug and a kiss and whispered “Good luck, you can do it” in her ear, and then I opened the door to find her challenger standing at the ready. Raisha strode into our home, and Karthi got up to greet her, both women refusing to give an inch as they stood across from one another. Both looked stunning in their traditional saris, and again I couldn’t help but stare at Raisha’s larger frame and how perfect her proportions were for giving a bladder sufficient room to stretch and expand. Karthi, of course, was no slouch either, and I knew what she was capable of and just how far she could force her bladder to protrude in her abdomen, but I wondered…...would it be enough to defeat the seemingly unphasable Raisha? She looked like she could comfortably hold liters inside herself.

Nevertheless, that’s what we were all here, and as I shut the door Raisha asked how we were going to begin. Karthi gave a shrug and said coldly, “Whatever you want,”, and in an instant, Raisha’s eyes gleamed. It was the same gleam I had seen in her eyes when I proposed the contest to her in the first place, and I nearly flinched away from it, such was the power in that look. Terrorizing confidence, I thought. “Ok, then in that case, it’s not about what I want. It’s about what HE wants,” Raisha said firmly, pointing at me. I blanched, but she continued to Karthi, “We do whatever your husband wants. Whatever he wants us to drink, we drink. And when you can’t hold it anymore, then the contest is over, and then I’ll be more than happy to set up that date.” Karthi caught my eye briefly, then turned her head back to Raisha and muttered, “Agreed.” And with that, both women turned and looked at me expectantly for instructions.

Hearing this, I was a nervous wreck, but at the same time, I’d visualized a moment like this in my wildest dreams, and before my brain had a chance to think further, I told them both, “Alright ladies. Right now, both of you need to go and pee. Gotta start out even and empty, no advantages!” There was a brief pause and silence when I finished speaking, because I don’t think either woman believed I’d slip so easily into my role as taskmaster. But then Raisha smirked and nodded, “The man wants what the man wants.” And she walked unaccompanied into our hallway, found the bathroom door, and entered. Karthi and I looked at each other, and our eyebrows raised as Raisha’s stream hit the bowl with enough force to carry the sound into the living room.

It only went on for 30 seconds or so, not a record breaking piss, but I felt my palms growing sweaty at the thought that Raisha was already holding a fair amount of pressurized piss inside, and would have had no problem starting the contest with such a disadvantage. Her belief in herself was bordering on the absurd. When she exited the bathroom a minute later and returned to the living room, Karthi went into the bathroom, but she was out barely a minute later. She had already squeezed out everything earlier in the morning, so I’d bet her piss didn’t even last 15 seconds, and I wasn’t able to hear it from the living room like with Raisha’s blasting stream. Raisha couldn’t contain her glee at this, and even when Karthi returned to the living room, my coworker kept her gaze affixed to me.

“Alright, now that you’re both ready to begin, let me get you ladies some drinks!” I announced, making my way into the kitchen. Both women nodded, and my only hope was that a catfight didn’t break out between them for the couple minutes that I was not in the same room as them to act as mediator. Karthi and I had already prepared for this contest the last time we’d done our shopping, buying lots of drinks, but what she didn’t know was that I’d gone back to the store later on my own to get more, just to be safe. I had to carry the first batch of liquid out to the women in two trips, due to how much I’d selected, but my heart was pounding so fast that I couldn’t help myself.

Both women were now seated, Raisha in my chair at the far end of the room, and Karthi on the sofa. In front of both of them, I had placed a large glass of water, and a 1.25 liter carton of black currant juice. Karthi shot me a look of confusion, not remembering buying the juice during our jaunt to the store. Raisha appeared so ready for the start of the contest that she was nearly gleaming. “This will go RIGHT through us!……..One of us, at least…” my coworker said delightfully. Karthi nodded back at her in defiance, and without further ado, both women picked up their carton of black currant juice and began to drink.

For probably 10 seconds there was nothing but the sound of liquid being gulped down, neither woman even wanting to be the first to stop chugging the juice that would soon be posing disastrous consequences for both of their bladders. Eventually Karthi did put down the drink to take a breath, and Raisha soon followed, as if waiting to make sure she beat Karthi by just a second in this first little contest between them. With both women so resolute on starting strong, it was no more than 10 minutes before the giant cartons of black currant juice sat empty. In another 10, both tall glasses of water were also plunked down, empty.

Without missing a beat, I took the empty cartons and glasses away. The cartons were thrown out in the bin, but the glasses were refilled from the tap, and I came back out to the women with yet another tall glass of water for them to drink. I don’t think either was expecting this after the chugging performance they had both put on. Neither woman wanted to show any fear in the face of the other, however, and so within minutes both glasses were chugged down, maybe a mite slower than the last. At that point, I let the women rest. They were both rubbing their midsections a little to cope with all the drinking, as a good 2 liters of fluids were now streaming through them, sat for now in their stomachs, but I knew it would not be long before it would be entering and bloating out their gargantuan bladders. How long they could keep the liquid from exiting would be up to them.

The first few hours passed without incident. Neither woman wanted to fill her stomach with a full meal, but they both snacked on an assortment of breads and nuts to keep their strength up. They already had enough sugar coursing through them for the whole day from the cartons of black currant juice. I insisted on another tall glass of water for each of them as they dined, and neither woman refused this insistence. By 4 pm both women were sitting calmly in the living room. I thought I could detect bulges forming in their abdomens under the saris, but at this point it was tough to be certain. They had drunk a sufficient volume to have a normal woman gagging for the loo, but Raisha and Karthi were not normal women and possessed bladder capacities that were easily extraordinary.

“Are you sure you’re not feeling the pressure?” Karthi prodded the taller woman. Raisha laughed gleefully and flashed her perfect smile, “Karthi, dear, you must know this contest is futile. My bladder is ALWAYS capable of waiting.” It was time for me to jump in. “I was afraid you might say that,” I began, trying to keep my heart rate under control at the thought of what I was about to say, “which is why I think it might be time for some more liquid…” Raisha actually rolled her eyes at me, and then motioned to the empty water glass in front of her.

“Well go on then. Let’s get your wife’s bladder full to bursting so that we can end this,” she said, her tone conveying boredom. “Perhaps some more water can come later,” I replied, now making my way to the fridge once more, “but for now….” I reached in and pulled out two 750 ml cans of beer. “Let’s have you drink one of these!” I finished, striding back into the living room and placing the cans before both women. Karthi immediately shot me a look. We had bought the beer together, but the agreed-upon intent was to use it in the late night, and only if absolutely necessary. Unfortunately for her, I had deemed it necessary now. Raisha looked perturbed, aware that the brand I’d purchased had some diuretic properties that she’d surely feel the effects of. But, seeing that my gaze had not left her, the voluptuous woman smoothed back an errant lock of hair behind her ear, then flashed her winning smile once more and accepted the beverage.

Neither woman seemed interested in a chugging contest at this juncture, but they both worked on the beers at a steady pace and finished them within minutes of each other. My mind’s eye was now going wild, trying to picture with x-ray vision the liquid coursing through their bodies, with both women’s ample bladders now becoming more firm and bloating up under their traditional Indian garments. How long could their composure really last in the face of such an unrelenting supply of liquid? Why, even during Karthi’s big holds that I had witnessed over the years, she had never pushed the fluids like this. I had to trust that her unwavering resolve would hold. The only way the camel Raisha could be beaten was to fill her voluminous reservoir to the max and hope that Karthi could find it within herself to match her.

Another hour passed. Both women had more or less stopped making small talk. Perhaps they were sitting up a little straighter, but neither wanted to show signs that the truckload of liquids they’d been asked to consume were having an effect on their sterling abilities to hold their pee. I knew that under normal circumstances, Karthi would have muttered to me multiple times by now about how full her bladder was getting and how I needed to find her a toilet. But with Raisha seated next to her on our sofa, she kept up her brave face and said nothing.

Raisha, for her part, was doing her best to continue giving off her air of calm, like this contest was completely beneath her, but as she idly shifted her legs, I could tell she was feeling the pee that was slowly inflating her bladder. It was time to make these ladies handle even more pressure. “I think more drinks are in store. What do you say, ladies?” Karthi gave me a grumpy nod. She knew what had to be done, even if her bladder was already complaining at her. Raisha again showed only confidence at my suggestion, boldly stating, “You know, you’ve seen me leave the office on Friday nights to go out drinking with the girls on more than one occasion.

A little beer isn’t a worry for me. I never pee at the bar. So come on, let’s have them and drink up. I think your wife’s about to pop!” I nodded, then made for the fridge and returned in short order. “Since you put it that way…..I was planning on spacing these out a little more, but I don’t want to bore you strong-bladdered ladies, so I suppose you can finish off the 6 pack now.” In my hand was the carton that contained the 4 remaining 750 ml cans of beer from the 6 pack. In truth, I really had only been planning to give 1 more each to the women at this stage, but Raisha’s boastfulness helped change my mind.

All four 750 ml cans of beer were placed on the table, with each woman now required to drink an additional 1.5 liters of beer on top of the heavy amount of liquids they’d already had that afternoon. Their bodies were surely waterlogged by now, and nearly all of this harsh, unforgiving liquid would flow right through them uninterrupted into their cavernous bladders. Karthi gulped, then nodded and gave a soft “Let’s do this” under her breath, though the stare she was giving the cans in front of her was not dissimilar to the look a convict gives to the gallows.

Raisha looked downright miffed, though it was difficult to discern if that was due to the thought of what this additional beer would do to her bladder, or because I had once again refused to let her get the upper hand with her boasting. Karthi shut her eyes for a brief moment, then opened them, grabbed the first can, and began to chug it down. Raisha took a moment to regard me, noting the confident grin on my face and the horny flush of my cheeks, and said flatly, “I told you, beer isn’t a worry to me. My bladder will just hold it.” And then she began to drink as well.

The women snacked a little more in an effort to prevent the alcohol from getting to their heads, but by and large the next 15 minutes was spent either drinking or catching one’s breath. Karthi had chugged down most of the first can almost immediately, but had slowed midway into the second, the oversupply of fluids growing heavy in her stomach. Raisha, on the other hand, was like a machine. She didn’t drink with the initial speed of Karthi, but she was consistently working her way through both cans while refusing to show any sign of weakness. Even when she paused for breath, the air went in and out in steady, even breaths, and her face maintained a look of determination. It was horribly erotic for me to see both women so fiercely dialed in now, the contest taking a turn and becoming more serious now that it was evident that both women possessed giant capacities. Amazingly, even with all that they had drank, neither woman’s composure broke once the beer cans all lay empty on the table.

They stayed seated, though as the minutes dragged by, both women’s posture became ever stiffer. It was clear that their bladders were expanding with reckless abandon, the beer streaming into their bladders just as I had predicted, but neither wanted to be the first to break and show a real, true sign of needing to pee. Frankly I was shocked, as the amount of liquid they’d drank would have made me pee 3 or 4 times over, and yet here they both still sat. If I hadn’t been with them for the whole afternoon and seen the incredible amounts that they’d already pushed past their lips, I wouldn’t be able to tell with certainty that either woman needed a ladies room.

It was like a stalemate, neither woman willing to concede that her bladder required emptying. Only from my years of being with Karthi in such situations could I tell just how hard she was squeezing her muscles to be able to sit normally. A small part of me actually began to fear that neither woman would give in and show a sign of desperation, and would rather burn out their holding muscles and piss themselves right here on the sofa without moving an inch.

As it got to be 6 pm and still neither woman would budge, I decided it was time to make them budge whether they wanted to or not. “Alright girls, let’s get you both up. Since you’re both still not feeling the effects of all those drinks, I thought it might be nice to go for a walk together. What do you think?” Karthi was up quickly, using the suggestion as an excuse to walk around the living room under the pretense of looking out the window to check the weather, whereby also giving her beleaguered holding muscles a very slight break since she could move and tense her legs as much as she needed.

Raisha glared at me with an expression that I could tell was trying not to be too bitter, but failing. And I knew the reason why. Karthi had been clenching harder than Raisha by the end and her posture was much more rigid, and my coworker no doubt felt that it was only a matter of time before Karthi cracked if they’d stayed in their silent battle, seated and trying to show no signs of urgency. By giving Karthi the chance to move her legs without losing this battle of wills, I’d given my wife a way out of the predicament.

And no doubt, Raisha had calmed her bladder as much as possible and found herself in a solid holding position, and the thought of having to jostle her stretched, aching organ with a walk was weighing on her mind. It took a few more moments, but Raisha stood, and as Karthi headed to the door, Raisha hung by me for a moment to whisper, “I know what you’re doing. Clever, but it won’t matter. My bladder is too strong for it to matter.” Then she followed Karthi out the door, and I got a nice view of both women’s behinds in their form-fitting saris as I exited the house last and locked the door behind me.
