The Fear Wettings Anthology; Part 1: The Elevator.

Author: Hypergirl

*000*2022-11-18 04:26

Hello guys! This is my first topic on this site, i am into fear wettings and i’ve had many accidents myself. So well, i decided that i’ll make an Anthology story series which includes fear wettings in different scenarios and with different characters. Hope you like it and would love to hear your feedback so i can create better stories in this series! Enjoy!

———————————————————

Cat moved quickly through the bustling city streets along with her friend. It wasn’t that easy as she was wearing heels. She had a smart outfit on, a gray blazer and a gray skirt, with white panties underneath. She also wore glasses that didn’t make her look like a nerd, it made her look rather beautiful.

Today was a very important day to her, she finally had her job interview at the infamous Armix tower downtown, one of the tallest towers in the world. Although she just graduated, her grades were good enough that she was among the lucky few that got accepted for an interview in that tower.

She finally arrived under the tower and looked upwards towards its peak and smiled. It was enormous.. It was exactly 232 stories tall. A moment later a gentle hand laid on her shoulder which awoke her from her daydream.

“It’s huge Cat! isn’t it? Lucky you, it’s every aspiring person’s dream to work here!” Cat’s friend told her playfully.

“Yesss Annie! I am so excited i just wish i will get accepted!” Cat said worryingly.

“You’ll do great! I believe in you!” Annie said with a grin.

“Thank you Annie! Thank you for coming with me for support! I really needed it.” Cat said.

“Anytime babe! Let’s head inside!” Annie said.

With a nervous sigh, Cat and Annie entered through the huge automatic glass door. The reception area was gigantic and magnificent. They moved forward towards the reception desk to a nice lady who expected them.

“Hello my name is Cat Dean, i was told to come here for my interview!” Cat said nervously.

The receptionist nodded and scrolled through her log book. “Cat.. Cat.. Cat.. AH! There you are. You can proceed through the elevator to the right to the 169th floor. It’s made specifically for the people who applied so it wont be crowded being they are very few!”

“Aww the floor’s too high. Sorry i am just afraid of elevators and tight places. And it’s not like i can go up 169 floors on the stairs.” Cat laughed nervously but only got a shrug from the receptionist.

“Well anyway, thank you! I guess i have no choice.” Cat said with a smile. Then looked at Annie as they both let out a giggle about the naughty floor number. She then took Annie with her and proceeded towards the Elevator but was immediately stopped by the receptionist again.

“Hey i am sorry, your companion cant come up to the interview with you. I am sorry there are strict rules, she could wait here in the lounge for you. Sorry for the inconvenience.” The receptionist said.

“Awww noo!” Cat said with a frown.

“It’s okay Cat you got it! I’ll be waiting for you right here go on go on so you wont be late!” Annie said while gently pushing Cat towards the elevator.

“Wait Annie! You know i am claustrophobic and i hate elevators ughh, besides i think my nerves are getting to me because of the interview and i really feel like i need to pee.. should i find a bathroom first?” Cat said with a frown.

“Nooo Cat! No time for that dont worry it’s not like you will pee yourself in the interview it’s just a feeling! And that elevator is perfectly safe! We’re in the Armix tower the most technologically advanced building in town!” Annie said hurrying Cat to the elevator.

“Awww okay you’re right. I am just so nervous. I need to calm down.” Cat takes a deep breath and exhales slowly. Annie then hugs her as they stand in front of the elevator door waiting for it to arrive.

*DING!*

“Alright that’s my que, i’ll see you in a bit Annie!” Cat said as she entered the elevator nervously and pressed on the 169th floor button and gave out another giggle as she shrugged her shoulders and looked around the elevator.

“Good luck!!!” Annie said as the elevator doors closed.

The elevator began its ascend with only Cat in it. It took a little while until it passed the 100th floor. Cat’s nervousness intensified, and with it her bladder. She squirmed a little bit thinking that it was a bad idea that she didn’t go to the bathroom before riding the elevator.

“Ughh i should have went to the bathroom. That interview really makes me so nervous.” Cat thought to herself.

A few seconds later the elevator arrived at the 152nd floor. It was then that a weird pulsating sonic shockwave hit the elevator with a high boom. The elevator heavily shook and Cat screamed from the sudden turbulence that occurred. The electricity was cut off and the lights turned off, turning the inside of the elevator into pitch black darkness.

Cat began to cry as she hugged the corner of the elevator with her back. She couldn’t see anything and the elevator suddenly stopped. She got terrified out of her mind in that moment and didn’t know what to do.

She immediately started feeling warm liquid flowing slowly down her legs and over her high heels. She felt her panties getting heavy with warm urine as she continued to sporadically and uncontrollably leak her bladder’s content in terror. The sound of dripping urine could be heard as it hit the elevator floor as it was very quiet.

Suddenly, the lights came back on.. but it was flickering with a little bit of electric noise buzzing every few seconds, but Cat could see around her now. She tried to take control of her bladder once more and fortunately held it back successfully.

She immediately looked down at her crotch to find a damp dark patch on her skirt and that she was standing on a puddle of her own making. “Ohh nooo! Oh my god i cant believe this just happened! And i cant believe i just pissed myself!” She started sobbing again and started pressing every elevator button she could see in her panic.

“Please please please! Oh god no! Please work!!” She said while hyperventilating. It was then that the elevator became turbulent again. She instantly put her back to the corner again and held tight on the bars under the mirror.

*WOOOOSHHH*

In a blink the elevator started to rapidly descend in full speed towards the ground floor.

“NOOOOOOO!!!!!” Cat screamed her lungs out as she sunk with the elevator while holding tight on the bars. It felt like she was going down a very fast and a very high roller coaster. But it wasn’t fun at all. Her bladder completely relaxed in her fear! She started completely soaking her panties and skirt as the elevator fell, the urine flow was so intense this time that it splashed loudly on the floor and it was spraying everywhere. The poor girl was terrified, she thought she was about to die.

To her luck, the building was really technologically advanced. A safe emergency brake started to slow the elevator down at the 50th floor. The speed of the fall started to gradually slow down, and by the time it reached 10th floor it descended as it normally would.

Cat had her eyes closed the whole time but when she finally felt the elevator descending normally she opened her eyes and found that it’s going down 9th floor then 8th. She relaxed her grip on the bars and sat on the floor as she tried to catch her breath.

She didn’t realize that she sat on the puddle, the entire elevator floor was one huge urine puddle. She just thought that she was finally safe, she sighed and relaxed. And with the full relaxation of her body, her bladder released the final few sprays of her urine. Adding to the already huge puddle she was sitting in.

*DING*

The elevator door finally opens on the ground floor, a crowd was gathered in front of the elevator but the first one Cat laid her eyes on was her loyal friend Annie who stood there in shock and awe with her mouth slightly opened and beside her was the receptionist with her hands over her mouth.

Cat was confused on why Annie was standing like that rather than coming in and helping her, but it was then that she realized. She looked around her on the floor to find that she was soaked and sitting on a pretty big urine puddle of her own making. She immediately felt so embarrassed, and her face turned tomato red instantly. A handful of people were standing there, seeing how soaked she was by having that huge accident.

She tried to slowly stand up as she sobbed in her embarrassment, but suddenly a comforting hug was wrapped around her. Annie quickly hugged her friend so tightly to comfort her, not caring wether she’ll get wet from the puddle or her soaked friend’s clothes or not. She just cared about making her friend feel better.

“Cat hun, are you okay?” Annie asked softly, still hugging her.

“Ye-yes, Annie. Thank you.. But look at the mess i made.. i am so embarrassed i thought i was going to die.” Cat said as she sobbed but hid her face in her friend’s shoulder.

“It’s okay you’re safe now..” Annie said.

“Well what happened anyway? I dont understand.” Cat asked.

“I dont know either suddenly it just felt like a sonic wave hit the entire building and it originated from above as the people were saying, from the very top floor. All the lights went off for a moment and then started flickering, and then we heard the sound of the elevator coming down, and i was so scared i hoped that you’d have gotten off. But thank god they have this safe brakes thingie. I am so glad you’re safe.” Annie said still comforting her friend.

“Oh well there goes my interview.. i cant go in looking like that!” Cat said with a frown.

“Oh dont worry about it they’ll probably reschedule today’s interviews after that incident!” Annie said reassuringly. Cat then suddenly realized that she accidentally wet her friend’s clothes with her own.

“Oh i.. i am so sorry.. i think i got some on you.. your clothes got wet because of me.” Cat said with a blush.

“Well.. that wouldn’t have happened if you listened to me and went to the bathroom before riding that elevator! Hahaha!” Annie said playfully as she poked Cat so she could try and lighten up the mood for her friend.

They both giggled as they walked past the astonished crowd. It was embarrassing but Cat had her friend with her and she made her feel safe. They reached the receptionist and casually asked for another date for the interview.

- - -

Behind the scene of all this a mysterious man hidden in the crowd with a dark hat that concealed his face and a dark overcoat held a weird looking phone that didn’t seem like any other familiar phone these days. And with it he was filming the incident since the moment the elevator opened. He was on a live feed under an anonymous tag. He shared the entire event live to the world. He was standing there since before even Cat got into the elevator. It was like he knew that this would happen even before it happened and just waited for it.

His live feed was eventually shared all around the social media platforms, and in a glimpse the video was all over the internet. It showed Cat’s accident and how soaked she was when she came out of the elevator and it quickly became a trending video all around the world.

- - - - -

“Holy shit! Who’s the bastard who filmed this! Annie was right I should have went to the freaking bathroom!” Cat said angrily as she threw her phone on her living room couch after watching the trendy video.

Cat became famous in just a single day.. well, infamous in a matter of fact. Millions had watched her embarrassing accident. It must have felt so humiliating.

