No wee for a waitress girl!

Author: huberp76

*000*2019-11-15 13:52

Once in a coffee shop at a shopping mall in our down.

There was a loo in the mall, but not at the shop.

One afternoon I went to a coffee shop, there was only one girl for to work and for service.

She was very busy. As I paid my bill, she was standing near beside me table, her skirt was very short and her slender, nude legs was tight crossed.

I looked at her, she looked back, smiled and said “ sorry but i need to wee so bad, I did not have a chance to go all day “.

I was hard at the moment!

A young, slim, cute girl was needing to wee and she had to hold it, that was more than a dream for me.

I could not get her out of my head, her knotted legs was so total sexy and arousing for me so that I was hard if I only thought at her.

After I finished my shopping tour, about 2,5 hours later,I had to go back to this coffee shop, back to this girl, I wanted to see her again.

It was the same situation as before, her beautiful, naked legs was crossed.

“ You need to wee again?” I asked her.

”Not again, I am still needing to wee, I am still holding it, I did not have time to go, but only 2 more hours and then we are closing then I can finally go “ she answered.

OMG I did nearly cum in my pants. 2,5 hours before she was needing to pee so bad and now she had to hold it for 2 or 3 hours more.

” Can you endure that for so long “ I asked her .

” I don’t know, I am about to burst, but I have to endure it, or should I wee my panties?”she answered.

“A waitress girl has to have a strong Bladder „ she said and smiled.

You can’t imagine how I wanted to take this girl home, full from all the day!!!!!!!!

You can’t imagine what all i wanted to do with her!!!

But i think, that you can imagine what she would not be allowed to do!!?

She told me that she did not pee since she was getting up in the morning.

*003*2019-11-16 11:37

Hi people, hi Red Simpson, thank you for your answer!

What do you think, what kind of profession do you mean where girls have to have a strong bladder?

Where girls have to hold it and can’t go for a really long time?

Can you please write more about it?!

*009*2019-11-16 23:19

I think a street vendor has to have a strong bladder.

Once I was with my friend in the city. It was Valentine’s Day morning. On the corner of a street was a cute girl who was selling flowers.

Late at afternoon , on our way back, she was still standing there.

My friend suddenly asked me „what do you think, where does she go if she need to wee?“

“Nowhere, there is no loo and no park around „ I answered.

“You mean that she did not wee all day? She must need to go like crazy if you are right „ he said.

We was both aroused about this imagination and I told my friend that he should buy flowers and that he should ask her how she was doing with her bodily needs if she was standing here all day long.

He really did that, he did buy flowers and he asked her and she told him that she have to hold it from morning until evening and that she did not had a wee since early morning.

We both was thinking about how full her poor bladder must have been and how bad she must have needed to wee.

In summer there was a boy who did sell ice cream on the street, I think that he also could not piss all day long.

I think that street vendors have to have strong bladders!

*010*2019-11-17 07:55

{{19 hours ago, HoldingPrinces said:

Wow. Nicely written. I also want to be a waitress..

}}

Hi Princes,

I think you would be a good waitress.

You would not go to the loo all day, you would hold it from early morning until late evening.

Your strong bladder could endure that!!!

*011*2019-11-18 22:35

{{On ‎11‎/‎16‎/‎2019 at 5:47 PM, daniel2 said:

Good story so far would like to see how it ends

}}

Thank you, am glad you like my story.

*012*2019-11-19 22:08

No wee for a waitress girl 2

This waitress girl did drive me nearly crazy. I could not get her out of my mind. I had always her great, slim, tight crossed legs in my head.

Some days after my first experience with this girl i went again to this coffee shop, i had to go!

"She" was there, but she was not alone, there was another girl with her for service. Therefor she was not as busy as the first time, she had more time for me to talk, but her dream legs was not crossed.

She did not need to wee and i was disappointed about that. She smiled at me and my hard started to beat faster. I did not really know what i should talk with her, all that what i wanted to know, i could not aske her, so i said " How are you?"

She smiled again and asked " Do you really want to know how i am feeling or do you want to know how my bladder feels?"

It was like she could read my mind. What did she do with me? Why she was doing it? Did she know what she was doing?

At the moment i could not find the right words and so she told me that she is asking that because last time i was so worried about her full bladder and about that, that she had to wee so bad and was forced to hold it for hours longer.

"You did not have to be worried, my bladder can hold a lot of wee for a really long time. Sometimes i am surprised about my self, how long i can hold it. Occasionally i don't even use the loo at the mall after a long holding day, i hold my bursting full bladder until i am at home." she said.

"You like holding it?" I wanted to know. "Does your full bladder turn you on?" I asked.

"No, not really, i don't get aroused from holding, i love to make boys horny, that is arousing me."She said.

"I know it since my school trips, that some boys get really horny if they know that a girl need to wee and can't go, if she have to hold her full bladder for hours and you are one of this boys. I could see it on your bulging pants, as i was needing to pee so bad last time and i can see it now." she said and looked between my thighs.

After she was talking so uninhibited about her body, and the needs of her body. I was more courageous now and said "Yes, you are absolutely right, nothing can make me more horny than a girl bursting to pee and nowhere to go for her for hours.

You can't imagine how much you turned me on last time, your bladder full from the day and you was forced to hold it for hours more.

You was sooooo sexy with your great legs tight crossed from needing to wee so bad, i did nearly cum my pants." i told her.

Now i was no more shy to talk with her about her bladder und her piss urge. This talk did turned me on so much that i would have been able to aske her if she would let me fuck her.

I did not do that, but i asked her if she would hold it for me, at one of her free days.

She was not surprised about that and asked "How long do i have to hold it?"

"So long as you can or better so long until you absolutely can't no more. Show me what your "waitressgirl bladder" can endure. Hold it until your eyes becomes yellow." i said.

She was turned on too from that talk, she smiled and told me that she will do it, because she likes me, she would love to see me horny and she would love to "play" with me and my horniness.

It would be a game that i would love to play with her, but with my rules.

She did know that and said " I know that you want torture torture me, especially my poor bladder, but i am not afraid about it, i let you torture me, i am a little bit maso."

Now i aske you:" What should i do with her?"

"What would you do with her?"

*014*2019-11-20 10:25

{{5 hours ago, wether said:

Some gymnastic excercises (I don't know the English name, unfortunately).

Finally when she can't hold any longer and starts leaking, she must pee into a bottle so you can measure her bladder capacity.

That's what I would do.

}}

Yes, gymnastic experiences are good, experiences where she has to tense her belly muscles so that her swollen bladder gets pressed back in her usual flat tummy and her urge to wee gets stronger.

I would love to press on her bladder.

We know that she has a strong bladder and i hope she has a strong sphincter too, to resist the external pressure.

She should have to go worse than ever before on this day.

Waitress girls can endure a lot if they have to!!!

*016*2019-11-20 12:05

{{54 minutes ago, Luna said:

I would tease her with a vibrator under her clothes while shes works.

Maybe even make her wear a complicated outfit like leotards, overalls or jumpsuits to delay making it to the bathroom if shes so confident.

}}

Yes, she should wear something that makes it impossible for her to take a wee.

Not even she is full to burst, not even if she wants to pee, if she has to pee.

No wee for her, her exaggerated self confidence should be published.

*018*2019-11-20 13:01

{{36 minutes ago, Luna said:

My fravourite combination (One that I do all the time) is to wear boyshorts, tights and a bodysuit with no crotch snap. This means you cant cheat and just pull it aside. Next put on a sports bra, you'll have to pull that over your head before pulling the bodysuit down. As you can see there's so many steps just to get out and pee, hence why I love this combination lol

}}

Great how you make your self to hold it and how you make it nearly impossible for you to pee.

What are you doing if you absolutely can’t hold it any longer?

Pee your self or do you try to keep dry even if it is impossible?

*021*2019-11-23 11:42

{{23 hours ago, Adrian6970wc said:

Thanks for sharing. The thought of a desperate waitress having to hold it is enough to drive anyone crazy.

}}

She should have to hold it until the end of her shift and her shift should last very long!

Thank you for your answer.

How would your favorite waitress girl look and what would she wear? How would she be dressed?

