Becky Wants to Own Her

Author: humbledpride

*000*2022-10-06 03:57

Denise couldn’t believe what she was hearing. It was so unbelievable; she couldn’t help but smile from ear to ear. She also couldn’t help but question it for what seemed like the 50th time. “So, you’re saying if I can last one hour in the wrestling ring with you, you’ll pay me…how much again?”

The woman sitting across from her sighed, stared at her wrist watch, and raised her eyebrows. Unsatisfied with what she saw on the watch, she started tapping her foot.

Denise followed up, realizing how annoying her questioning must be. “Sorry Becky, this is just such a unique opportunity for me.” As she spoke her tone softened, and her eyes naturally drifted towards the ground. “T-this would be such a blessing for me, I guess it’s ju-just too hard to believe. Paying my student loans has been so rou-, so roug-“

As she struggled to force the words out, tears started to form in her eyes. Becky immediately pounced upon seeing them. Rushing to Denise’s side and lifted a reassuring hand to her face, she cooed “There’s no need to cry, I know it’s been tough. That’s why I chose you for this opportunity…” as she said this, she firmly grabbed Denise’s cheek and pulled it towards her “If you can last one hour in the ring with me, I will personally gift you $1.5 million dollars.”

All the tears in Denise’s eyes evaporated, and her face beamed once again. “Got it!” Then she turned away from Becky and faced the assistant who always trailed Becky like a lapdog. “Go ahead and schedule that match, I’ve got prize money ta win!“

The assistant didn’t move an inch. She didn’t work for this idiot. She had some nerve trying to order her around.

Before Denise could sense any hostility, Becky resummoned her attention. “Of course, you’ll receive the money if you win…but if you should fail, you do understand what I want in return, don’t you?”

“uhhhh, yeah……you want, uhhhh…“

“full ownership of your body” as she spoke, Becky wrapped her arms around Denise’s waist, and rested her hands on her plump ass. Denise looked slightly uncomfortable, but before she could offer any resistance Becky continued “Of course, most likely you’ll end up walking away the victor. I mean, you don’t even have to pin me to win, you just need to avoid being pinned. The odds are like, 70% in your favor.”

Like a naïve deer, Denise’s doubts cleared up instantly. That makes perfect sense, I have like a 90% chance of winning!

After receiving confirmation from Becky, her boss, the assistant scheduled the match between the two. “Alright,” she said “all that’s left is to inform the promoters, ensure national television coverage, adequate capacity for maximum profit, waiver agreem…

As the assistant rambled on and on Denise jumped for joy, and sprinted out the room. “I better start training, 6 months isn’t as long as it seems!”

Becky smiled warmly at her and gently cooed “It’s more than enough time for someone like you.”

As Denise shut the door, two tonally different scenes played out. On one side of the door, Denise was punching the air, excited, and already planning how she’d spend her future income. On the other side, Becky collapsed into her chair, and slowly allowed a monstrous giggle to escape her. “Ahhhhh, that’s a rare one right there, normally women that attractive have developed a better self-preservation sense by now”

The assistant took a break from her work and glanced at Becky “You really are sick, you know that? What exactly do you have planned for this poor girl”

Becky sat silently in response to that, basking in her own good fortune, before finally whispering “I’m going to break her” as she spoke, she unzipped her dress and spread her legs apart. She glanced at her poor assistant and allowed herself to sink backwards into her chair.

Her assistant instantly left her computer chair, got on her knees, and crawled to Becky. She recognized the sign that her master was ready to be pleasured. She pridelessly drug her knees through the carpet, feeling the burn with each stride until she mercifully made it to her destination. When did my life come to this she thought as she inched her way to Becky, pulled her hair back, and prepared to spend the rest of the night servicing her. But before she could start, Becky squeezed her thighs together, suffocating her before pushing her back with her left foot.

She began playfully flexing her toes on her assistant’s face, and followed up by massaging her vagina with her other foot. Her assistant yelped, surprised by the sudden attack, and Becky took the opportunity to shove her left foot in her mouth, and began playfully squeezing her tongue with her toes. By now, her right foot had penetrated her assistant’s vagina, and she could feel a trickle of liquid stream down her toes.

With no warning, she yanked her left foot out of her mouth, wrapped both legs around her assistant’s neck, and yanked her until her nose grazed her crotch.

Everything was happening so fast, her assistant was purely disoriented, her body had no way of comprehending what was happening. Completely overwhelmed, she simply gave up and released all control of her fate to Becky. As her arms went limp, and her knees turned to jelly….

SMACK

Becky quickly slammed her thighs together again, and squeezed the assistants head once more.

Woozy, limp, dazed, and quite frankly defeated, the assistant felt a steady stream of pee escape her and stain the carpet. She knew she would be punished for it. All who pee in front of Becky are immediately forced to lap it up in front of her as well. It was practically a rule. But in this moment she didn’t care, the pressure from Becky’s full thighs was restricting blood flow to her brain. She lacked the energy to be anything more than a plaything at the moment.

While she sat there, slowly peeing on herself, Becky continued to apply pressure with her thighs and followed with her foot. She slowly glided her still moist left foot down the spine of her assistant, watching her reflexively squirm from the feeling of her cool, wet toes. Finally she reached her destination, the ass crack. She applied a touch more force into her thigh squeeze, and wedged her left foot between her assistant cheeks. Causing her assistant to erupt.

The assistant yelped, and felt an explosion in her crotch. It felt like bullets of pee were firing out of her, and her body began to instinctively heave from the force. She gasped for air, and choked in however much she could manage between Becky’s thigh. Finally, her convulsions ceased, and all the pee and left her body. She sat there, expecting Becky to release her from the thigh-grip.

But she didn’t. Instead, she cocked her head back and began moaning. Becky’s whole body started twitching, and the assistant realized what was happening far too late. A steady stream of pee erupted from Becky, straight into the assistant’s face. As she peed, she squeezed her thighs together even harder, the force of her quads made the jaw of the assistant submit. As if pleading for mercy, her jaw separated, creating an opening for the full stream of piss from Becky to fly into her mouth.

She got the full salty experience.

She got the full humiliating experience.

Her eyes teared up as she wondered, How did I ever end up here? In the back of her mind, she remembered the super energetic Denise from earlier and thought. Oh yeah, I lost and my body became and plaything.

When Becky finally loosened her thigh grip, the assistant was already half asleep. It really was a shame, all the years they’d spent together and she hadn’t picked any wrestling skills in that time. Normally, she would make anyone who peed on her closet immediately lap it up, but she had a soft spot for her assistant. Instead of waking her up, she simply palmed her head, and forced her face into the wet spot on the carpet. She’d let her off with simply sleeping in her own piss, instead of having to lick it up.

She walked away from the mess she’d just made of her assistant, and took one last affectionate glance at her before squinting her eyes and gleefully whispering…

“Yes, I’m going to break her, just like I did to you.”

###

6 months later – The Day of Denise vs Becky: A Nationally Televised Wrestling Production.

