The girls from the parking lot!

Author: huberp76

*000*2020-04-14 15:20

A short story, or better a experience from one of my friends.

He stopped on a parking lot at a motorway to take a piss.

It was just a small parking lot without toilets, so he went behind some bushes.

At the parking lot was a bus from East Europe, with the bonnet open and with a lot of people around.

He sawed two young, pretty, slim girls on the way to the bushes.

Simply to know what they wanted to do behind.

My friend stopped the girls and asked what was happened and the girls told him that there would be a problem with the engine and that they have to wait here some hours until they send an other bus.

My friend offered to take them to the city.

The girls talked something in their own language and agreed.

One of the girls did wear a super tight jeans and the other a super short skirt.

They were both very sexy and they were sexy dressed, like most of the East Europe girls.

The girl with the short skirt was sitting beside him and showed him a lot of her nude, slim thighs.

After some minutes, the girls started again to talk at their language and then the nudeleged girl told him that they would have a little problem, or maybe a big problem.

She told him that they were on the way behind the bushes, before he stopped them and that they were needing to wee really bad now.

My friend said that they are big, healthy girls and that he is sure, that they can hold it one or two hours longer.

The girl beside him said, that is it what they are doing since yesterday evening-hold it.

They did not wee since 7 pm yesterday at the dinner and now it would be really, really urgently.

It was 1 pm to that time.

To know that both girls did not wee since 18 hours and to imagine how much hot pee they were holding in their young bladders, was total arousing for him.

He loves, like love it too, if girls are holding it extreme long.

He was total aroused from this situation and used his chance, to make a offer to the girls.

He told them, that he absolutely love it, if girls are able to hold their pee for so long and he asked them if they would hold it for some hours longer for him.

He would go with them to a fashion shop to buy something , if they would not wee for some hours longer, he offered.

He did know that girls are ready to do a lot for fancy clothes.

The girls did agree to torture their bladders and to suppress the painful urge, for some fashion.

They went to a shopping mall.

The jeans girl did get new designer jeans and the skirt girl a new skirt, a little bit shorter than the old one. She wanted to show more of her slender, nude legs.

For the jeans girl was it really difficult to try the new jeans, because they were very tight and her belly was swollen from her soccer ball size bladder.

She was not able to close the top button. The second girl was helping her, she did try to press her swollen belly into the jeans.

It was so painful for the girl, to get her bladder pushed so hard, that she was shaking from needing to wee so bad.

The poor girl did moan really loud, she could nearly not endure this torture.

My friend was getting total horny and he was ready for to spend more money for the girls, especially for not letting them wee.

He wanted more from all!

They went to a shop for swimming wear, to buy bikinis for the girls.

In reality he wanted to see more of their bodies, more nude skin and the most important, he wanted to see their swollen bellies and their bulging bladders.

He told me how amazing and how arousing it was to see how big the bladder’s of this girls became, how they were visible bulging out from their thin bellies, over their tiny bikini panties.

It was arousing, to see the young, sexy girls with their mini bikinis and their slim legs, tight crossed.

My friend did take the girls home to his house. They stayed for 3 days, before they went per hitch hiking to the next city.

3 day’s of pee holding and bladder torture for the girls, for some pieces of fashion, but all were happy about it, the girls and my friend.

I think, some of us would be happy too!

*002*2020-04-18 21:19

{{On 4/14/2020 at 9:31 PM, Peefreak said:

Hot story. Mabye you could make another part were they pee?:)

}}

Thank you, i am glad that you like my story.

Where would you like to see them wee? In their panties?

