Student extension

Author: huberp76

*000*2023-08-13 21:47

The parents of a young girl, just a little over 18, has invited a girl student, from another country, to learn a foreign language.

It was a kind of student extension.

The girl did not have a drivers license, therefore she was begging her brother to pick her guests up from the bus terminal.

The bus arrived at 9.30 am. They putted her bags in the cargo pay an went in direction to their home.

The brother had something to procure in the city and wanted to use the opportunity to do that.

As soon as they were in the car, the guest girl asked how long it will last until their home.

”Why are you asking?” wanted the girl know.

” Because i need to wee since sooo long, i am needing to the loo very, very urgently.” she answered and told her that she overslept the last pee break and that she did not wee since she left her home, yesterday evening.

”Oh you poor, how can you bear up that for so long !!? You must be full to burst??!!” asked the other girl.

”Oh yea, my bladder feels like ready to explode.” answered the girl.

The brother could not understand what about the girls talked, but the sister told him that she is needing to wee so bad and that he should drive straight at home.

”She should hold it, she is a big girl ” he answered and went to the city.

“She has not weed since 15 hours, since yesterday at her home.”she said.

”So what, who cares? She is a big girl and old enough to hold it!” replied the boy and went on in direction city.

”You are so evil, can’t you not imagine how bad she is needing to wee, after holding it for so long!?”she said.

Sure he did like to imagine that and he absolutely did love that imagination and the reality that the pretty girl in his car was holding her wee since 15 hours.

His sister did not even know that it was turning him on so much and therefore she asked again if they could not go straight home and not to the city.

He wanted to use the opportunity to spend time with a girl who is desperate to wee and so he said again „ i told you that i think that she is old enough to hold it, or do you think that she will wet her panties, if she has to wait for one more hour?“ he replied and did drive especially slowly and a longer way.

The poor girl was frantic to wee, she had both hands hard pressed between her thighs.

Her skirt was slid up on her thighs and her thighs were nude until to the top.

The „poor“ boy was extreme horny, his eyes were more on the rear mirror, to watch the girl suffer, than at the road.

He did take so much time as any possible for his errands in the city.

The girl was near to tears, about her unbearable urge to wee and her bladder pain.

His sister had noticed that he made her hold and wait deliberately longer than necessary and said that he would be a evil sadist, if he torture her so bad and not let her wee.

The boy did not care about what his sister said, he had a girl in his car who did not wee since 17 hours, he had to use the opportunity to make her hold it longer.

He would not so soon get a similar chance, he had to use it!! He always dreamed about such a situation, to have a bursting full girl trapped, in his car.

It was nearly noon, when they arrived at their parents house.

The girl could no more stand upright, she had her legs tight crossed, as the parents opened the door, to say hello.

“Oh my god, why is she needing to wee so bad?“ asked the mother.

“ Because she did not have a chance to go to the toilet since she left her home, yesterday evening. She did not wee since 17 hours.“ answered the girl.

“And why did you not stop for her, to let her wee somewhere?

I did not even hear about, that someone is able to hold it for so long, that must hurt her so much. Bring her to the toilet, before her bladder burst!“ said the mother.

“A bladder can‘t burst, she would have weed herself long before.“ said the boy and went to his room for to masturbate.

He though at the girls bursting full bladder and how hard she pressed her slit together, to keep her panties dry for so long.

As the girl came back, she said that she would be sorry for acting like a little girl, but she never before in her life had to wee so bad, then just before.

