Holding Secrets (Wednesday)

Author: Hotdogking42

*000*2025-05-18 01:19

Please note, this is only my second story on this site, so I haven't got much experience writing anything horny. But, I came up with this idea last night, and thought it could be a fun idea to write. Not to mention the fact that there is a shocking lack of Wednesday omorashi on this site. Please note, I don't know how old people are when they leave school in America, but here in Ireland we typically finish when we're 18. So, the characters will be 18 in this fic, don't worry. Enjoy.

Enid had a problem. And that problem was that she had a crush, and a big one at that. But, it wasn't on some boy in her class, or one she saw walking down the halls. This one was on a girl. And not just any girl. Of all the people Enid Sinclair could've gotten a crush on, it had to be on her roommate, Wednesday Addams. The girl never smiled, unless it was at something violent, she was allergic to colours, at least according to her, and she hated hugs. How could anyone possibly hate hugs!? (Author's note, I'm with Wednesday on this one. Not a hugger.) But still, their friendship worked, which is why they were still roommates, even at the end of their time in Nevermore. With the end of the year approaching, Enid figured that all she needed to do to handle this unrequited crush is make it through graduation, then avoid speaking to Wednesday for a bit until those feelings have past. Simple right? Well, on this particular day, that wouldn't be the case.

It began with a note she found in her locker. At first, she thought it was a love letter, so she opened it eagerly, hoping it was a confession from Wednesday. It wasn't. All it said was, You like Wednesday Addams. Enid's heart began to race. At first, she panicked, thinking Wednesday had figured her out. But, then she realised that this wasn't Wednesday's handwriting. She felt slightly relieved that Wednesday hadn't found her out, but that still left the concern about this letter. Who had sent it? How did they know about her crush? Ultimately, she decided to take this as a harmless prank, and carry on with her day. How very wrong she was.

The next day, she found another note in her locker, along with a picture. Think this is a joke? I have proof. The picture was of Enid and Wednesday, with Enid looking very obviously infatuated with the girl standing next to her. Enid swallowed worriedly. Well shit, this meant that whoever sent this did know. Deciding to engage with this mysterious person, she pulled a piece of paper from her notebook and scribbled, "What do you want from me?" onto it, before leaving it in the same spot the notes she found were left. Then, she went about her day, with the worry about the letter nagging in the back of her mind.

It was the next day when she finally heard back from this person. I want you to hold your pee for 24 hours, said the note. If you pee yourself before then, I'll know. If you fail, I'll tell Addams about your little crush on her. She'll even see the picture. Enid looked around, trying to see if she could spot anyone staring at her particularly strongly, but no one caught her eye. The whole thing befuddled her. This blackmailer wanted her to not use the toilet for 24 hours? For what reason? To torture her probably. Still, it seemed like this person was serious. And Enid absolutely did NOT want Wednesday to find out about her feelings for her. So, she sighed, stuck the note into her pocket, and resolved to do as her blackmailer said.

###

The first hour wasn't too bad. Sure, she had to go a little bit, but she was a werewolf for crying out loud. She could handle something as mundane as holding her pee. "But have you ever held it for 24 hours?" asked a small voice in her head. "Shut up," she replied to it. "I can handle it." Still, the thought of going to the toilet felt a bit enticing in that moment. She shook her head violently. Now was not the time to be thinking about that. She was supposed to hold it! She glanced around to make sure no one was paying attention to her, then went back to focusing on class.

Hour 4:

She was starting to feel a constant weight in her bladder, but it was still pretty mild, and easy enough to ignore while she was surrounded by her friends. She laughed along with people's jokes, ignoring the slight discomfort it caused, and was able to keep her composure around Wednesday. For the most part anyway. She did feel the usual yearning in her chest whenever she looked at the seer, but she pushed it down like she always did. Now was not the time to be thinking about her roommate like that. She had to focus on the task at hand. Hold her pee, or Wednesday finds out.

Hour 7:

Things started getting unpleasant around this time. She started shifting more and more in her seat, and grabbing her crotch when she thought no one was looking. She crossed and uncrossed her legs under the table, while trying to stay subtle about it. Not only to avoid attracting attention, but to also make sure she didn't give her blackmailer the satisfaction of seeing her potty dance like a little girl. However, someone did notice her struggle. Wednesday kept glancing over at her, at first with curiosity, then with suspicion. Enid tried hard not to look at her, but she could feel her dark eyes on her, and it made her face feel warm.

Hour 10:

By this time, she was hurting. The pressure from her bladder was constant, a dense heaviness in her belly that refused to be ignored. Every step she took added extra pressure to her bladder, and she had to fight with everything she had not to clasp her crotch tightly and dance in place. Walking past the toilets was particularly agonising. She couldn't remember the last time she had to pee this badly. Her belly had begun to stretch to accommodate all of the liquids being added to her bladder. Her skirt felt tight against her bladder, and she had to keep her jacket closed despite the heat in an effort to try to hide the bulge. "14 hours to go," she muttered to herself. "I don't know if I can make it!"

Hour 14:

By this point, she was counting every second until the moment she could finally pee. She couldn't sit still anymore, and paced around her dorm room like a caged animal, he thighs clenched with every step. Her pyjama shorts pressed into her bloated bladder, and she kept fidgeting, trying to adjust the waistband without being obvious about it. But Wednesday noticed. Because of course she did, Wednesday notices everything. "Well, not everything," said a voice in her head. "Is something the matter?" Wednesday asked, looking at her from her typewriter. Enid panicked slightly as she struggled to think of a lie. "Oh, uh, I'm just nervous," she said quickly. "Full moon nerves, you know." Wednesday's eyes narrowed suspiciously. "Enid, it's not even close to the full moon," she replied. Well shit. Enid didn't even think of a reply. She just returned to her bed and found the most comfortable sitting position to help with her hold.

Hour 17:

Enid was on edge at this point. Every step felt like fire in her bladder, so much so that she remained confined to her bed. In a desperate effort to keep it contained, she jammed a pillow between her thighs while she pretended to scroll through her phone, but it didn't help. She was bursting to pee. Absolutely, hopelessly full. She felt her bladder contract and she had to resist the urge to cry out as she clamped her hands down on her crotch as tightly as she could. She'd thought that Wednesday would be asleep right now.

She thought wrong. "Ok, there's something going on," she commented. Thinking quickly, Enid lied about finding out a k-pop band she liked was coming to |America soon. It was clear that Wednesday didn't believe her, but she didn't press the matter. Sighing with relief, but the wrong kind, Enid went back to holding. By now, he thighs were shaking from the effort, and she feared she'd pee the bed if she removed her hands from her crotch at all. She checked the clock on her phone. 2:00. 7 hours to go. She might be able to do this.

Hour 23:

She couldn't do this. By this point, all dignity was gone. She hadn't gotten any sleep at all, her body too focused on her need to pee. She lay in her bed, tossing and turning, her legs tangled in a tight knot, hands glued to her crotch in a desperate effort to keep the dam from breaking. But oh boy it was close to doing so. By now, a very visible bulge had formed on her belly. It felt so sensitive, like of a fly landed on it, she'd burst. But, she had less then an hour to go, so, she struggled to her feet, ignoring the immense pain it caused, and began to slowly hobble her way towards the bathroom.

But before she could get very far, she heard a voice call out from behind her. "Alright, that's enough." Enid nearly leaked she was so startled by Wednesday's voice. Spinning around, she could see her roommate standing there, a look of immense suspicion and... was that concern on her face? "Who's doing this to you?" Wednesday asked. Enid was so surprised by the question that she could only stutter. "I can tell that you haven't been to the bathroom since yesterday morning," Wednesday went on. "And that's not something you'd put yourself through just for fun. Someone is making you do this, and I want to know who, and why?"

Enid tried to think of an excuse, but all she had on her mind was pee, the constant fullness in her bladder, and how close she was to getting relief. So, instead of an excuse, she blurted out, "Because I like you!" Now it was Wednesday's turn to be surprised. "Someone found out I like you, so they threatened to tell you unless I didn't pee for 24 hours. I don't know who it is or why they did it. But now they've won. So just go ahead and reject me so I can finally go pee!" To Enid's surprise, Wednesday walked over to her and picked her up, bridal style. "I'm taking you to the bathroom," she told her. "So just focus on holding it." Enid nodded, and redirected her efforts to the ocean of piss inside her body.

As Wednesday ran through the corridors to the nearest toilet, she said, "By the way, this bitch hasn't won." Enid looked at her with confusion. "Because it's basically been 24 hours since you found that note, your about to pee in a toilet, and.... your feelings aren't one sided." Wednesday said that last part very quietly, but Enid could hear it load and clear. She'd have celebrated or kissed her, or both, if she wasn't so focused on holding it in. At this moment, Wednesday reached the girls toilet. She put Enid down gently, and Enid rushed inside, ripping her pyjamas off and sitting down on the toilet.

A firehose erupted out of her the moment her ass fell on the toilet. Enid let out a long, almost orgasmic sigh of relief as 24 hours of pee flooded out of her. She just kept going and going, not even bothered by the fact that she left the stall door open and Wednesday could see the whole thing. As she let loose this torrent, the rest of what happened finally caught up with her. "Wait!" she gasped, still peeing freely. "You like me back?" Wednesday nodded, surprisingly going slightly pink. "I'll admit my feelings for you are more than just platonic," she replied. "And this sight certainly doesn't help." Enid then realised that Wednesday could see her peeing, which was still going full force, and she covered herself up a bit.

After nearly 2 minutes, Enid's stream finally came to an end. Her knees felt so weak after that that she could barely stand up. So, Wednesday helped her to her feet, and Enid pulled her pyjamas back up. Then, Wednesday led her back to their dorm. Luckily, it was a Saturday, so they didn't have to worry about being late for anything. As Wednesday led Enid back to their room, she turned to her and said, "Let me promise you something Enid. I will find out who did this to you, and I will make them suffer for it." Enid smiled tiredly at her roommate and new girlfriend, and leaned into her. For once, Wednesday didn't object. "I know you will," she responded. "Thank you."

Well, I hope you enjoyed that. If enough people want to see it, I'll write a part 2 where Wednesday gets revenge on the person who put her love through that hell. But, I'll wait and see what everyone thinks first. Because If this gets no traction I won't bother. Coming up with sexy things like this is hard for me, which is why I don't do it very often.

*001*2025-06-01 21:36

Bumping this up because it took nearly two fucking weeks for this to finally be approved, and I really want people to read it. Note to self: wait until I'm a higher tier before posting my next story. Sorry about this.

*003*2025-06-05 23:46

Part 2!

It had been nearly 2 weeks since Enid's 24 hour hold. Enid tried her hardest to forget it, except for the moment when she finally got together with Wednesday Addams, the love of her life. But while she tried to forget it, Wednesday couldn't. Someone had deliberately tried to hurt her Enid, and Wednesday couldn't stand for it. So, she spent the next few weeks investigating. She dug through Enid's rubbish until she found the threatening notes given to her by her blackmailer. After analysing them thoroughly, she managed to figure out that it was a woman's handwriting. Now, all she had to do is match the handwriting with someone else's, and she had her culprit.

This turned out to be easier said than done. First, she had to actually find samples of handwriting from every woman in Nevermore who knew Enid well enough to know which locker was hers. She narrowed it down to the women in her class, and spent the next few days matching the writing on the letters with the notes that her female classmates took down in class. Soon enough, she was able to narrow it down further, to 4 different people. Now that she had that, all she needed to do was figure out which of the 4 left the note. And she had just the plan for that too.

At her next lunchbreak, she sat with Enid in the courtyard. She looked around, and noticed all 4 suspects were in her line of sight. Grinning to herself, she leaned over to Enid and whispered, "I need you to pretend to be desperate to pee for a few seconds." Enid looked at her quizzically. "What? Why?" she asked. "Just humour me," Wednesday replied. "I'm experimenting with something." Enid shrugged, then did as Wednesday asked. As Enid fake potty danced in her seat, Wednesday subtly glanced around the courtyard at her 4 suspects. She spotted one of them, a Siren named Celeste Argyle, staring at Enid intently. "Got you," said Wednesday to herself, before informing Enid that she can stop pretending.

###

That evening, Wednesday managed to corner Celeste by the fountain. Luckily for her, the two of them were alone. Wednesday approached her with a knife concealed in her sleeve, ready to be unsheathed and placed against the siren's throat at a moment's notice. Once Wednesday was certain no one was there to overhear, she stepped in front of Celeste with a look of distain on her face. "You look like someone who can hold in a secret," she commented. Celeste looked at her with confusion. "Excuse me?" she replied. "I know you were the one to blackmail Enid into not going to the bathroom for a whole day," Wednesday continued. Celeste giggled at that. "So what if I am?" she asked. "You have no proof."

Wednesday smirked at this. "That's where you would be wrong," Wednesday replied, pulling out the blackmail, as well as one of Celeste's school notes. "Your handwriting matches this note to a tee. Not to mention I caught you staring at my girlfriend when I had her fake needing to pee in the courtyard earlier." Celeste looked impressed, but also visibly nervous. "What are you going to do?" she asked. "Tattle?" If Wednesday was capable of laughter, she would've done so. "Oh, no," she said instead. "Tattling is for cowards who don't have the guts to get the job done themselves. I have a much more fitting punishment in mind."

At this, Wednesday stepped forward and produced her knife. "You are going to go through the day Enid went through," she told Celeste. "I will make you contain your urine for 24 hours, just like Enid had to. If you refuse, or go to the bathroom before the time is up, I will know. I know what fake desperation looks like. If you do either of those things, I will use this knife to cut out your voice box, removing your siren's song for good." Celeste looked visibly frightened by this, and backed away, clutching her throat as she did. "Y-You wouldn't," she said, her voice quivering. "You're bluffing."

Wednesday looked at her with a raised eyebrow. "Am I?" she asked. "Do you want to test that?" She stepped forward knife raised. "Remember, I was expelled from my last school because I fed a boy's testicles to piranhas after he bullied my brother, so don't test me." Celeste nodded fearfully, agreeing to her terms. "Good," said Wednesday, not lowering the knife. "Now, go over to the fountain. I want to see you take some huge gulps from it." Celeste hesitated for a moment, to which Wednesday stepped closer with her knife. Celeste squeaked with fear and all but ran over to the fountain and began drinking furiously from it.

Once Wednesday was satisfied, she ordered her to stop. "Now, we'll meet back here at this time tomorrow, and I'll deem if you've been punished enough for what you did to my Enid," she told her. "Just remember, if you empty your bladder, and it's not by accident..." she trailed off, sliding her knife lightly over her own neck to make her point. Celeste nodded, too afraid to speak. Then, Wednesday finally lowered her knife. "Tell anyone about this, and your voice is forfeit," she threatened. "Celeste nodded again, then ran off back to her dorm. Wednesday grinned at her handiwork, then headed back to her own dorm, where her Enid was waiting.

###

The next morning, in her first class of the day, Wednesday looked around for Celeste. She spotted her in the corner of the room, visibly uncomfortable. She kept rocking slightly in her seat, twisting her legs a bit, and wincing in pain every few seconds. Wednesday shot a glance at the girl's legs, and noticed that she kept subtly grabbing herself every few seconds, when she was sure no one was looking. Wednesday couldn't help but smirk at her own handiwork. Of course, Celeste's day was just getting started.

As soon as class ended, Wednesday lied to Enid about needing to use the toilet, then followed after Celeste. Sure enough, the girl was visibly struggling to hold her waters. Wednesday walked close to her, but not too close that she'd notice her presence. Then, she reached out and quickly swiped Celeste's water bottle. She subtly opened it, then slipped two powerful diuretics inside the water, before slipping it back inside the bag. Then, she returned to Enid, like nothing was different.

The next time she saw Celeste was lunch. She looked noticeably desperate to pee, about where Enid was at hour 20, even though it had only been 13. Celeste was rocking back and forth in her chair, her hands tucked between her legs, which were double crossed and shaking. But, she noticed Wednesday looking at her and quickly shifted to a normal pose. This was clearly a mistake, as she suddenly looked very uncomfortable, and looked like she really needed to put her hands back between her legs. But Wednesday wouldn't let her. She continued to stare at her, and Celeste continued to act natural, waiting for Wednesday to look away. But eventually, her urges get the better of her, and she's forced to start potty dancing again, much to Wednesday's amusement.

The next 3 classes were clearly agony for the siren. She could no longer sit still, and had to dance around in her seat, gripping herself as tightly as she could to stay dry. She no longer cared if Wednesday saw her or not. By the end of the 3rd class, she ran up to Wednesday, with tears in her eyes. "Could I s-speak with you p-p-privately for a m-moment?" she asked, her voice quivering with desperation. "You may," Wednesday replied, before giving Enid a quick kiss on the cheek and following the siren out of the room to a more private location.

Once they were alone, Celeste began potty dancing like a little girl. "Ok, you've made your point, now please just let me pee, I'm dying here!" she begged. Wednesday gave her an amused grin, then checked her watch. "You still have another 5 hours left," she replied. "Enid made it to 24, therefore you will have to too." She grabbed the collar of the girl's uniform and glared at her. "You will not be finished until you have experienced everything Enid did and then some!" she threatened quietly. Then, she let her go and returned to Enid.

Soon enough, the 24 hour mark hit, and Wednesday made her way back down to the fountain where she first confronted Celeste. Celeste was waiting for her, and it seemed like she was struggling to remain standing. She looked like she wanted nothing more than to writhe on the floor in agony as she clutched herself, or to sit on a toilet and finally let it all out. As soon as she saw Wednesday, she hobbled over to her. "P-P-P-Please l-l-let m-me p-p-pee," she begged, her voice shaking so badly she could barely get her words out. "I-I-I'm d-dying h-h-here. I-I-I've b-b-been h-holding it f-f-for s-so l-long. I-I can't t-t-t-take it anymore!" At those last words, she fell to her knees and desperately grabbed her crotch like her life depended on it, which it kind of did.

Wednesday regarded her with a remorseless, pitiless expression. "Now, do you know the pain that you put Enid through?" she asked. Celeste nodded, too desperate to speak. "So, you understand why I punished you like this?" she asked. Celeste nodded again. "Do you agree that you deserved this?" "YES!" Celeste screamed. "JUST PLEASE LET ME PEE!" Wednesday grinned with satisfaction. "Alright then," she said. "You may."

Gasping with relief, Celeste shot to her feet and made a mad dash for the toilet. But, her bladder simply couldn't take this movement and finally began to give out. Celeste suddenly froze in place, forced to grasp her crotch again. She double crossed her legs and hopped up and down, trying desperately to keep it all in until she reached the toilet. But her body had had enough. With a gasp of horror, a large jet of wee shot out of her. Celeste bent double and pushed against her vagina as hard as she could to prevent anymore from coming out, but it was no use, the dam had finally broken, and the floodgates opened.

As Wednesday watched, the girl who put her girlfriend through so much pain wet herself like a little girl in public. She smiled with satisfaction as Celeste sank to her knees, sitting in her ever growing puddle, too drained to fight it anymore. Wednesday watched as Celeste peed for over a minute before finally stopping. Then, she began to cry. Wednesday didn't feel any remorse for this girl. "That was for Enid," was all she said, before she turned away from the pitiful scene, and returned to her room.

Well, I hope that was a good as the first entry. I personally felt that that was a satisfying outcome to write, and I hope you thought so too. Now, currently I don't have anymore ideas for this series, but if you want to read more from this, and have some ideas you want to share, feel free to let me know. Thanks for reading.

*007*2025-06-10 23:52

{{3 hours ago, OmoJack said:

Ah I thought this story would have a wet Wednesday in it… shucks.

}}

It might at some point. If Part 2 ever gets approved.

*009*2025-06-14 21:42

Part 2 has finally been approved, though you'll have to scroll back up a bit to read it. If anyone has any ideas for a part three, feel free to share them

*012*2025-06-22 00:55

After some thought, Part 3 has finally come to me! Here's hoping it doesn't take the modifiers 4 counts of ever to approve it. (No offense to the modifiers you're doing an amazing job!)

Revenge.

This had become a cycle of revenge. Enid had humiliated Celeste in the last Poe Cup, so she tried to humiliate her back by either having her piss herself in public or the Addams creep find out about her feelings and leave her. Only for Addams to find out anyway and figure out that it was Celeste who blackmailed Enid into holding it that long, and forced her to do the same. Luckily for Celeste, she was able to get away from the scene and clean herself up, so no one knew about the incident. When she confronted Wednesday about why she didn't tell the whole school about her accident, Wednesday simply replied, "Enid never suffered public humiliation from your actions, just 24 hours of pain. I wanted you to feel exactly what she felt, so humiliating you in public would overdo it. Even if it is exactly what you deserve."

TO say Celeste longed for vengeance would be the understatement of the century. But, she dared not attempt it, out of fear of what Addams would do in retaliation. So, she settled on seething in anger and hatred instead. However, vengeance is a vicious cycle, and all it takes is the feeling of anger or resentment to cause that cycle to roll again. But Celeste will be innocent in this regard. For the punisher had a different strategy in mind than blackmail.

###

Wednesday sat down next to Enid one morning, about a week after she made Celeste piss herself in the dead of night. Enid knew about this of course, and told Wednesday off for doing that. But, she also thanked her for it, which brought the smallest hint of a smile on Wednesday's face. As the couple sat down for breakfast, Wednesday felt someone crash into her. She wheeled around, sending a death glare at the group of girls that passed. But none of them looked at her, as if they didn't realise they nearly knocked her off her seat. Sighing with annoyance, she sat back down and began eating, internally plotting how each girl would suffer horribly.

It was just after the 1st class that Wednesday noticed something was wrong. She could feel her bladder bothering her, but it was different than usual. Normally, when she needed to go, the pressure was more active. This felt more like a dull throb. Curious, Wednesday headed to the bathroom after class and went to relieve herself. But when she sat down, nothing happened. She strained and pushed, but nothing came out. It was as if her bladder had locked down completely. She needed to go, and it was getting bad, but she couldn't release it. It didn't take her long to quickly figure out that someone must've done something to her. And she had a sneaking suspicion on what it was.

Wednesday sat through the next 2 classes in major discomfort. Her bladder kept shooting her warnings that it needed to be emptied, but she physically couldn't do it. Once there was a break between classes, she rushed to the library and began to look up her symptoms. Reading was somewhat tricky, as she had to keep shuffling to find a comfortable position, which her strong need to pee wasn't allowing her, but she was able to find what she wanted to know. According to the book she was reading, this was the result of a potion for dehydration done poorly. It caused the bladder to seize up and refuse to release its contents for 24 hours after it was consumed.

"But I never took a dehydration potion," she muttered to herself, before realising something else. Someone had knocked into her that morning. During this time, they could've easily slipped that potion into her food or drink. At first, her mind jumped to Celeste, but she dismissed the idea. Celeste wouldn't think of something that clever, she'd just resort to blackmail again. This was no doubt one of her friends, avenging Celeste after Wednesday made her piss herself. "Well, it seems they're trying to make me suffer for that," she said to herself, closing the book. "Well, they're going to have to try harder than that."

###

With her mind made up, Wednesday resorted to trying to live the day as if nothing was wrong. She sat as still as she could during her classes, and pretended like there wasn't the feeling of a lake inside her bladder. Unfortunately, that was easier said than done. Even though she knew that no matter how hard she tried, her bladder couldn't empty until the morning, her body hadn't gotten the memo. It continued to send signals that she was about to piss herself, and made her involuntarily do stuff like squirm, adjust her position, and even grab herself at one point, despite the total pointlessness of it.

Fencing made matters worse. She could barely hold form like this, as she was too busy holding in a lake's worth of piss. Every dodge and strike sent painful signals through her body, while every time she was jabbed, which got more common as the hour progressed, made her desire to pee dance like a child increase dramatically. By the end of the session, her legs were shaking from the strain. But, when she was questioned about this, she lied quickly and said that she didn't get much sleep the night before, and was rather tired. Her teammates seemed to buy that, but she could tell that Enid didn't believe her.

The rest of the day was agony. After the fencing session, her bladder sent her signals of pressure every time she took a step. She had to stop at several points and cross her legs just to ease it off a bit. In class, she made sure to sit at the back, where she could squirm slightly to stave off the unbearable pressure, while also avoiding drawing attention to herself. While she suffered, she also began plotting her own revenge against the person who did this to her. They were going to get a special kind of hellish treatment.

Soon enough, classes were over, and it was time for dinner. Wednesday ate slowly, and avoided drinking anything unless someone pointed out that she wasn't. She was so distracted by her full bladder, that she failed to notice Enid looking at her with concern. Enid knew exactly what Wednesday was going through, having undergone it herself recently. So, when dinner was finished, Enid abruptly stood up. "Sorry guys, me and Wednesday have to go. Date plans." Then, she took Wednesday's hand and dragged her away, careful not to jostle her too much.

"What are you doing?" Wednesday asked, clearly struggling to keep her voice even. "I know what you're doing," said Enid. "You're holding your pee for a long time aren't you? Well, I'm not going to let you suffer like this. SO, just tell me what blackmail they have on you, and then you can go and stop struggling like this!" Wednesday had to laugh slightly at this. "If it was that easy, I would've done that already," she told her girlfriend. Then, she explained to her what was done to her. Enid was horrified at the thought of not being able to pee for 24 hours. "So, you have no choice but to hold it until the morning?" she asked, her voice full of empathy. Wednesday could only nod. Now that they were alone, Wednesday finally dropped the façade of composure and began to openly grab herself.

Enid brought Wednesday back to their room. Once inside, she made absolutely certain that no one could see in it, so Wednesday could have her privacy. "You can do this Wednesday," she told her. "I believe in you!" Wednesday couldn't help but chuckle humourlessly at this. "Well, it's not like I have much of a choice," she replied. "But I do appreciate it."

So, the next few hours were pure torture for Wednesday. Unlike when Enid was forced to endure this, where she had to try everything in her power to keep her pee contained, there was nothing Wednesday could do to let her pee out other than wait. So wait, she did. She tried everything to keep her mind off the pain. She tried writing, but couldn't think of anything that wasn't her full bladder, and had to stop typing at several points to grab herself with both hands just to ease the burden somewhat. She tried going to sleep, but the fullness prevented that entirely. She even tried pacing, but that caused her bladder to slosh around, which only hurt her even more. By this time, it had begun to bulge out slightly, making her even more uncomfortable.

Eventually, she settled with lying on her bed and waiting the remaining few hours out before she was allowed to pee again by the potion. Throughout all of this, Enid never stopped trying to support her. She would read over Wednesday's latest manuscript and remind her of what she was writing about, she walked by her side while Wednesday paced to help her stay up should she need to, and she even played calming music and sound effects, none of which had anything to do with water, to help her fall asleep. Despite her rough exterior, Wednesday found herself appreciating Enid's company and help, as useless as it was.

Eventually, finally, morning came. With 5 minutes to go until the curse wore off, Wednesday climbed slowly and painfully out of the dorm and began to hobble to the nearest bathroom. Enid walked with her, making sure she was ok. 3 Minutes to go, they arrive at the toilets. Wednesday hobbled into the nearest stall and sits on the toilet. The second the curse wore off, a powerful jet of piss shot out of her, making her feel a borderline orgasmic sense of relief. Enid could hear what sounded like Niagara falls coming from the cubicle as Wednesday moaned with relief. She peed for almost 2 minutes, non stop, which made Enid feel quite flustered. At last, the sound stopped, and Wednesday emerged from the cubicle after flushing.

"When I find out who did this to me," she muttered. "They will pay most dearly." "Is that such a good idea?" Enid asked. "I mean, if you get revenge, the none of them might do it to you again, which will just repeat the cycle over and over until we graduate. Do you think you can handle something like that?" Wednesday shrugged. "I guess we'll see how pissed off I am when I figure out who did that," she replied. Enid laughed at that. "Hehe, pissed off," she giggled. Wednesday rolled her eyes, before taking her girlfriend's hand. "I must thank you for your attempts at aiding me by the way," she said as she led the way out of the bathroom. "Oh, it was my pleasure," Enid replied.

Well, that probably wasn't as good as my previous 2. But, I'm writing this at 2 in the morning, and I'm still coming down from some sedatives I was under, so please cut me some slack. But, what do you think? Should I make a part 4? And if so, should it be Wednesday getting revenge on whoever did that to her, or do you have other ideas in mind? Please let me know, as I'm having a lot of fun with this!

*013*2025-06-27 10:47

It's been updated again! Like I said, if you have any ideas for a part 4, do let me know!

