Dreamy Jacuzzi

Author: HissGenerator

*000*2022-07-04 10:23

I just wrote this short story on the fly.

###

Dreamy Jacuzzi

She found herself slowly drifting away, in the creeping blanket of darkness, found beneath closed eyelids; and just at the cusp of nothingness, a tiny wiggle nods to what’s left of her awareness. She almost is convinced it didn’t occur for real, that it was the beginning of some dream—but then it wiggles again, and she perceives it coming from the outside, not from her mind, but from below her stomach.

There it is again, her eyebrows wrinkle over shut eyes as her lower abdomen tingles, its ringing traveling down into her vagina. She realizes she in fact did not go before bed, her pee pressing into her sphincter, and her taint grows warm underneath its surface.

Her pelvis jerks, twitching when she clenches away her urge to pee.

She tries to go back to sleep.

Then, again, as she veers off the edge of consciousness, another wiggle flickers in her mind; and again she’s unable to determine whether it’s a dream or if it’s real. This time believing it’s a dream.

Unaware she tapped into an odd lucid-like state, where she feels aware of the fact she’s dreaming and can control it as she sees fit.

Then, suddenly, again her mind is wiggled: an emanating warmth sitting in the depths of her vagina. She’s not sure what could be so warm and familiar yet so unknown to her at the same time. She prods her fingers over the outskirt crevices between her outer lips and thigh inseams. They consequently grow tender, just like the warmth that wiggled her mind.

And then, again, her mind is flooded with warm wiggles, and in her dream state felt a rush of warmth sing out from her pelvic lips.

However, unbeknownst to her, in reality, she’s entirely loosened her sphincter to a full bladder of piss.

She sleeps in bed without the need for panties — for her, panties make her sleeping experience uncomfortable; always wedging into her vagina and butt whenever she tosses and turns in bed — and hardly even uses her blanket when sleeping.

Her petite, bare-shaven lips were pressed into her light-blue bedsheet when the first few drops of her liquid yellow began dribbling out from between her folded crotch, darkening a dribble-worthy node of dark-blue between her tender upper inseams.

After about five seconds, another few drops oozed out and quickly developed into a light-yellow trickle, delicately pooling around the skin surrounding her tender lips and upper thigh inseams.

And as with all soft brooks, hers began to swiftly strengthen thereafter, the pool around her silently growing, darkening, deepening, seeping upwards and towards her lower abdomen, past her hood and pubic bone, and warming her smooth pale bare-shaven pubic area, and eventually forming a dark-blue pooling moat escaping laterally out from below her love-handles.

And whilst her lips cozily pressed into her bedsheet released her hot liquid, she shifting her right thigh, initially its front skin laying flat and pressing into the gradually-soaking bedsheets, is moved closer to her right lower waist. Upon doing so, she elevates her gushing lips out of the pool it had been steadily and gently growing, and above the shallow waters it has been forming, revealing the audible strength of her urination: softly hissing out of its tender opening and its hot stream burbling its waters into the hot pool of dark-blue below her.

Her streaming burbles become deeper as the pool grows, thus far throughly soaking the sheets past her lower abdomen and now creeping up her upper abdomen, trickling to below her moderately-sized breasts and softly channeling in between them.

Finally her hissing lips dissipate, and the burbling fizzles out as her bladder fully spreads all of its hot gold beneath her front torso, pelvis and legs.

Back to her dream state, she sees herself relaxing in a jacuzzi, enjoying the heat-intensive waters stroking her breasts and massaging her waist, and easing the rest of her body from tension.

She lays her head back against the jacuzzi walls and softly smiles with satisfaction.

*002*2022-07-06 02:14

{{10 hours ago, orangelion said:

This story is short, but very descriptive! I wonder what her reaction will be when she wakes up?

}}

Haha, I didn’t even consider. I’m not too good with reactions, so I guess I’ll let your imagination fill in the blanks.

