The love island!

Author: huberp76

*000*2024-02-26 07:27

There is a island with no industry, no factories and no farming.

There are only hotels and bungalows for tourists to make holiday on that island. The people there offer the best service you can ever imagine.

They offer the best hotels, the best food, the best drinks and in the price included are the best boys and girls for love and for sex.

Girls for boys, girls for girls, boys for girls, boys for boys and girls and boys for couples.

You can choose at the booking dada, the kind of hotel room or the kind of house and on the other hand you can choose your servant - girl or boy- for your duration of stay. That means gender, age, of course over 18, and the body type from skinny to curvy and from little to tall. Then you get pictures per mail of many persons for your choosing.

All that island is like an exclusive all inclusive resort with hundreds of service girls and boys who are all very sexy dressed and they are showing all very much naked skin.

Furthermore of your private servant you are permitted to use all the other services boys and girls, who are all around in this resort for your lust and for to have sex with them.

They look like Asian, they are very pretty, very slim, totally smooth and they are absolutely devote. They are born and trained to serve and they love to serve and to offer their bodies. All of them loves their job and their life and they are proud about their image to be the best and the most tendered lovers in the world. As well girls and as well boys love that.

Peter heard about this island from friends, but he had never been there before.

It was very expensive, but he was so curious that he booked for 2 weeks a hotel room and a very pretty, super slim servant girl. He was very excited and full of expectations many days before.

Peter arrived with a luxury boat late morning, nearly noon at the island. He was absolutely impressed, it was like a film of a fairy tale.

A wonderful beach with bars, many different swimming pools, many restaurants and coffee shops and so many pretty girls and boys for entertainment and for service.

They were all dressed in the same color. The girls did wear depending of their job, ultra short skits, mini dresses, denim short shorts or sexy tiny bikinis. The boys did wear either micro shorts or extra small swim trunks. Some of the boys did wear mini skirts the same as the girls did wear.

They were all so extreme pretty, extreme sexy and absolutely friendly. When ever Peter looked at one of them, equal boy or girl, they were smiling like the sun was shining. Peter is bi and he did not even know where he should look at first, at the boys or at the girls.

It was already a little bit after noon, as one of this sexy, super cute boys guided Peter to his room. The room was very luxurious and for his surprise was his personal servant girl already there.

She went to him, kissed him with soft, wet lips on his cheeks and said “ I am your “Jeany in the bottle “, i try to satisfy all your wishes for the next 2 weeks.”

The girl was more prettier than at the picture. Her face was great and her body was gorgeous, she was like she was made just for him.

They did spend a wonderful afternoon at the beach, they went for a good dinner at evening and Peter had his best sex he ever had at that night.

After they had a long shower together, they went to sleep and slept until the morning.

”May i please wee ??!” whispered the girl as soon as Peter waked up.

”Why are you asking?” asked the boy back . “Sorry for asking, i know that i shouldn’t do that.”said the girl.

”You don’t have to be sorry, i just wanted to know why you asking for a wee?”wanted Peter know.

”Oh i see you don’t know our rules. Me and my body is yours for 2 weeks. You owns my body and you control my bodily needs. I have not the right to relive my self without your permission. I have not even the right to ask for the first 24 hours.” answered the girl.

” You didn’t wee since already 24 hours? That can not be, you have been at the toilet yesterday before sleeping.” said Peter.

”I have been at the toilet, but just for to brush my teeth and not for to wee. I did not wee since yesterday morning.” replied the girl.

”Didn’t you need to go before sleeping last night?” asked Peter with a trembling voice.

”Sure that i was needing to go, but you did not let me, i am not allowed to ask for the first 24 hours.”answered the girl.

“I didn’t let you wee ?” asked Peter bewildered.

”You did not let me, because you did not say especially that i would be allowed to wee before sleeping. You did pee before you went to the bed and you did know that i have not weed all day long, i did drink as much as you, so you have known that i would need to go as well, but you did not say that i should go, therefore i thought you would not let me, because you like it to make me go to bed with my bladder full from the day.

There are many boys and guys who like that, who like it to make us girls hold our wee for long periods of time and who like it if we girls have a very full bladder in our bellies.

Now you know our rules.” said the girl.

”I am allowed to ask the first time for a wee after one entire day, but you don’t have to let me go, you can deny me to wee, you can make me hold. My body is yours, you decide when and what i eat and what i drink and you decide when i wee and how long i have to hold it.”continued the girl.

”How long can i make you hold? How long are you able to hold it?” wanted the boy know.

”As long as you like it! We are good trained to control our bodily needs. Our bladders can get pretty big if they have to.”answered the girl.

Peter could not believe what he heard. He lays in bed with one of the most beautiful girls in the world and she told him that she would hold her wee inside her gorgeous body as long as he give her permission to let it out.

Nothing was more arousing for Peter than a girl who is needing to wee but don’t go, or can’t go, nothing makes him more horny, than a girl who is holding her wee back in her bursting full bladder until she can’t anymore.

This 2 weeks will become 2 weeks in paradise for him!!!

*003*2024-02-28 14:51

Peter was a little bit overextended with that situation, he didn’t really know what he should do.

That girl was so tender and so lovely, he couldn’t do her harm and he didn’t want to do her harm, but on the other hand he was so horny about the knowledge that the girl did not wee since yesterday morning and that she will have to hold it until he give her permission to go.

It was like a dream comers true for him, a dream that he dreamed since he can remember.

”She asked me for permission to wee, she told me that she had not weed since yesterday morning. She is still waiting for my answer.” thought the boy to himself.

”She knows now that i know that she was needing to go since already before we went to sleep, she knows that i know that she didn’t wee since 24 hours but on the other hand she said that i don’t have to let her go, she said that she is good trained and that she will be able to hold it longer. But how much longer? Will she ask me again? How are her rules? How long do she have to wait until she would be allowed to ask again for permission?” thought Peter further.

”I think we should go for a breakfast.” said the boy, kissed her and did get out of the bed.

They went together to the bathroom for a shower and for brushing their teeth. Peter took his morning pee before leaving, but the girl did leave without a wee.

Peter did not say explicit that she should pee and therefore she had to hold it. Peter already knew the rules and he did love that rules.

She dressed herself, no bra, little panties and ultra short mini skirt.

”There are more breakfast restaurants. What kind of breakfast do you want? American, Asian, English or Vienna?” asked the girl.

”You can choose it for us.” answered Peter.

After a copious breakfast, they went back to their rooms for changing to their swimming clothes.

The girl did wear a super tiny bikini panty and although her bladder was already visible in her sexy, flat belly, did Peter not tell her to go for a wee and the girl didn’t ask for to wee.

They went to the beach and stopped at the beach bar. “What do you want to drink?” asked Peter.

”You have to decide for me, i have to drink what you order.” answered the girl.

”Oh no, i don’t want that, you can choose for yourself.” replied Peter.

Because of the special reason, the girl offered just a small drink with minimal alcohol.

Peter could see that as well the girls as the boys are dressed very, very sexy. He noticed that they did wear partly the same clothes, but in different colors.

He got told from the girl that is for to be able to different the personally servants.The personally servants are taboo for the other guests, but all the other girls and boys are free for everyone.

After they finished their drinks they went to one of the large sun loungers and lay down.

It was already after 10 am and the girl didn’t wee since 26 hours at that time.

She did suppress her urge without to show any signs of her need. She was very tender to Peter, she kissed him, leaked with her wet tongue over his skin and caressed his body with her soft, small hands.

After a while passed a boy, he was so pretty and cute that Peter could no other than to look at him and to smile.

The boy smiled back and came to the lounger. “Are you the first time at our island?” he asked.

”Yes, it is my first time. answered Peter. “I hope you enjoy it.” said the boy. “May i sit down?” he continued.

”Yes it is my first time and yes you can sit down.” replied Peter.

The boy lays down and started to caress Peter’s body, especially his thighs.

It was so unreal for Peter to lie with a girl and a boy at once on a bed and get kissed and get caressed from both and that all in front of many other people.

Nobody did care about that. It was usually at that island, the other guests did get coddled at the same way.

The boy was as cute as the girl and he was tender like usually girls are. He was slim and smooth like a girl, the difference was that the girl had breasts and the boy had a penis.

”Are you made to hold it?” asked the boy the girl. He asked her in English, because it is another rule that they are not allowed to talk in their own language in front of guests.

”I don’t know whether, he did not say that i am not allowed, he knows that i would need to go, he just don’t say that i can go..” answered the girl.

Peter could not clearly understand, or just couldn’t believe their dialogue between them and therefore he asked ”What was the boy asking you?”

”Oh nothing really important, he just wanted to know if you make me hold my wee.” answered the girl. “ Why he asked you something like that.” wanted Peter know.

“Because he looked at my belly and he could see how full and how big my bladder already became.” said the girl totally calm.

Then she said “ Many guests know the rule that we are not allowed to relieve ourselves and they come especially for that reason to make us hold and to see us suffer to hold a very, very full bladder. Boy have to hold it as well sometimes very long, but how i already told you, we are good trained and we can endure a lot.”

Peter could no more hide his big hard penis in his small swimming trunk.

”The boy had noticed that and asked “ does it turning you on so much that she is needing to wee so bad and that her poor bladder is so much overfilled?”

He pushed the waistband of Peter’s trunk down and took his bone hard penis in his warm hand.

”If you like this so much, then we shouldn’t let her wee for much longer!” said the boy, smiled and kissed Peter warm and tender.

The girl was not angry about it, she was still calm, she did learn to serve, she was trained to enjoy the guests and to make them happy no matter what it takes.

*005*2024-03-04 08:33

Peter could not believe what happens at the moment, not even in his hottest and widest dreams he could imagine something like that.

He was getting kissed from a beautiful girl which was holding her wee since the day and the night before in her bladder and his penis was in the hand of one of the most beautiful boys he had ever seen in his whole life.

He could feel the young, smooth skin from both on all parts of his body, he had to be careful not to cum too early, because he wanted to stay horny for much longer to enjoy this situation.

Aroused and horny as hell asked Peter silently “ How long can we make her hold? What do you think, how much longer will she be able to hold it?”

”I don’t know it exactly, but i am sure still a long time, i think we don’t let her go today and then we will see what will happen .”answered the boy.

“That will be absolutely impossible, she can never bear up until tomorrow, she told me that she has not weed since yesterday morning.” said Peter.

”She will be able to endure that, you will see that she can.”said the boy.

“What is about you?” wanted Peter know. “Can you drink what you want and pee whenever you want?” asked Peter.

The boy told him that the rules for the boys and for the girls are the same.

There is just a difference between personal servant and free service girls and boys.

The personal servants are owned by the guest and customers, they have no rights, not even the right to relieve oneself.

Many guests , especially guys know about this rules and love it to make our girls hold their urine for long periods of time, because they love girls full to burst and desperate to pee.

On the other hand there are females who like it to torture us boys and don’t let us pee for hours on end.

They say that it is absolutely unfair in your culture and in your society that women and girls have to hold it but boys and men can go and therefore they want to see how boys act when they are needing to pee very bad but are not allowed to go.

“Some of the ladies can be very evil to us boys. They fill up our boy bladders until we nearly burst. Some of the men like that as well.”he said.

”If you walk around and look, then you can see many of us who are made to hold, you can visibly see how their bladders bulging out. The bigger their bladder the longer they had to hold, the more urgently and more badly they are needing to pee.” said the boy.

”And what is about you? Is your bladder big and strong? Are you good in holding?” asked Peter.

”We are all good and strong, we are all good trained, but yes i can be very good if i have to be!”answered the boy.

”Would you like to overfill my bladder to see me suffer?” asked the boy.

”Oh yes, i would love that!” answered Peter.

Peter was lying with his head on the girl’s belly. No pillow could be better than the girls full bladder. He could feel the fullness and he could feel how the girl tensed all her muscles to keep her wee inside her when he rolled his head on it.

”Should i come to your room after dinner and should i stay overnight? “ asked the boy.

”We could have a great night in a threesome! Your servant girl will be very, very full to that time and i would not pee until then to bring you my bladder very full as well.” said the boy and smiled.

*006*2024-03-05 21:30

Peter was still lying with his head on the girl’s belly especially there where her overfilled bladder was bulging out of her usually flat abdomen.

Her bladder was like a softball and for Peter was it the best and sexiest pillow what he could imagine. On and off he moved his head and pressed harder on her bladder to make her strong urge even stronger.

”Uhhh fhhhh ohhhh ahahhhh.” moaned the girl with a silent voice, when Peter pressed to hard, but the girl was letting him do it, or better she had to let him do it.

Unbelievable what a discipline and what a bladder control that girl had. She didn’t wee since more than 27 hours, her poor bladder was so full and was getting tortured, squeezed, pressed and pushed so hard, but she did not leak even one drop. Her little bikini panty was still dry between her wonderful slim thighs over her sweet wet slit.

Just as unbelievable was the offer of the boy. Peter was bi, he spent already some nights with boys, but never before a night with a boy and a girl together in only one bed. Into the bargain with such a dream couple.

”May i please go now? But you didn’t give me an answer of my question, should i come in your room after dinner?” asked the boy.

” Sure you may go and yes i would love that so much if you spent the night with us.” answered Peter.

”When did you have your last pee?” wanted Peter know and pressed deep and hard in the boys lower abdomen.

The boy tensed all his muscles to hold his urine back in his young body.

”Not after my morning pee and i will not go until we meet. I promised you that i’ll bring you my bladder very full for the night .” replied the boy smiled and went away.

The girl started to be very tender to Peter and Peter responded her tenderness.

They kissed, he caressed her smooth, young body. He stopped at her swollen belly and asked “ do you need to wee very urgently?”

She told him that she would be not allowed to talk about her bodily needs, except he give her explicit permission.

Sure that Peter gave her permission, because he wanted to talk with her about her needs and about her full bladder.

” I would already need to wee very urgently, i had to go pretty bad as we went to sleep last night.”answered the girl.

”And how will you stand it until tomorrow?” asked Peter.

”I don’t know, but i have to endure it, i have to hold it, if you don’t let me go.” replied the girl and was rubbing her body against Peter’s body and kissed him again very tender.

He slid her panty between her thighs aside and pushed one finger deep inside her.

It was so unusually for Peter, that he did that in front of other people and that he did not care a little bit about others and that the others didn’t care about him and about what he was doing.

That was another rule of the love island that nobody did care about what others were doing.

Peter wanted to go for a drink to the beach bar with his girl and he wanted to see if there will be other girls and boys with swollen bellies and crossed legs.

*009*2024-03-12 13:32

{{On 3/5/2024 at 11:12 PM, KerriDID said:

Hi, this is the very first comment I have ever left on one of your stories

You are perhaps my favorite omo author ever, I cannot get enough of your writing. I made an account just to tell you this

I have only one complaint, you are never strict enough with a boy's bladder! Please fill this boy up so full, I would appreciate it so much. I think as he goes about his day, maybe he meets a lot of guests who give him too many drinks! He should regret promising Peter that he would hold it until they met! A girl's bladder must fill endlessly, but I think a boy has extra room in his penis to hold his piss, and the expectation should be higher

I'm joking about a complaint, of course, I love every story you post. But please torture a boy worse than I've read before, I would love to read it in your writing style

}}

{{On 3/5/2024 at 11:12 PM, KerriDID said:

Hi, this is the very first comment I have ever left on one of your stories

You are perhaps my favorite omo author ever, I cannot get enough of your writing. I made an account just to tell you this

I have only one complaint, you are never strict enough with a boy's bladder! Please fill this boy up so full, I would appreciate it so much. I think as he goes about his day, maybe he meets a lot of guests who give him too many drinks! He should regret promising Peter that he would hold it until they met! A girl's bladder must fill endlessly, but I think a boy has extra room in his penis to hold his piss, and the expectation should be higher

I'm joking about a complaint, of course, I love every story you post. But please torture a boy worse than I've read before, I would love to read it in your writing style

}}

Hi, thank you very much for your compliment, i feel very honored about it.

I am glad about it that you like my stories and i‘ll try to satisfy your expectations in future as well.

I wrote already some stories where i made boys hold it for extreme long periods of time and where i made them extreme desperate.

Did you read „No pee stop for a hitchhiker boy“ or „The business man and the call boy“?

But you are right, we should make the cute boy on the love island extreme desperate.

He will be not allowed to ask for a toilet, he has to hold it no matter how bad it will get for him.

*011*2024-03-22 23:11

It was so much exciting for Peter to see so many extremely pretty girls and boys at once.

They worked as waiter, as waitress, as bratender, as animator and then there were service girls and boys which were free for all guests for their pleasure and for their special wishes. Above all there were the personal servants.

All of them have great, gorgeous bodies and are dressed so sexy that some guys had troubles to hide their boners.

The guests were mostly single. Male and female mixed, but some more males.

Peter went with his girl to the beach to explore more of the island .He could see that some of the girls and boys, especially the servants, had swollen bellies.

Peter did know why, he did know the reason, he knew that the servants were holding a very full bladder in their bellies and that they were not allowed to go to the toilet.

It was so arousing for Peter to see the contours of the overfilled bladders bulging out of the girls and boys lower abdomen.

„ Since how long are they made to hold ? How bad and how urgently are they needing to go? Is it already painful for them?“ thought Peter to himself and couldn’t get enough to watch their swollen sexy bellies and he did like to imagine how bad they are needing to wee.

The girl had noticed where Peter’s eyes were looking and she did know for some time that desperate girls and boys was turning him on very much.

After a while they stopped at one of the beach bars. Peter ordered a large cocktail for himself and did let the girl choose her own drink. No wonder that she did choose a small drink, because her bladder was already so full and her urge was more than just strong.

The boy from earlier was sitting some chairs away on the bar with an older lady and a large drink in his hand, he cheered to Peter and smiled.

“You like him?“ asked Peter’s servant.“Oh yeah, i like him. He is a handsome boy with a cute face and a great body.“ answered Peter.

In the meantime served a pretty young waitress with a tiny bikini their drinks.

Peter‘s girl was sitting with her wonderful legs tight crossed and with one hand on her nude belly.

She closed her eyes, pressed with her hand slightly on her bladder, massaged it softly and moaned silently.

“Is it that bad, do you need to wee so much urgently?“ asked Peter. „Oh yes, it is very, very bad and it would be extremely urgently for me to wee.”answered the girl. „But i said that just because you asked me, i should not talk about it and it should not be a reason for you to let me go to the toilet. I am not allowed to beg you for that, you know our rules.”she said.

Peter stated again to think about that situation and about the rules. “ She is not allowed to beg for a wee, but what will she do if i don’t invite her to go to the toilet. Girls HAVE to pee sometimes and boys have to do that as well!!

How long will she be able to hold it back and what will she do if i don’t let her go? Will she wee in her bikini panties, or will she wet my bed during the night , or will there be a point where she can’t no more other than to beg me for a wee?” asked Peter himself.

On the way back to their sunlounger looked Peter at the people around him.It was so exciting and arousing for him to see which of the girls or boys were needing to wee and that it was for everyone visible. The bigger the bladder and the more it was bulging out, the worse must have been their urge to wee.

It was interesting as well to see the different types of the sadistic guests who made their servants hold their urine, who didn’t give them permission to go to the toilet, because they like to torture their bladders and they did like to see them desperate.

Peter’s girl was suffering as well about her stretched and overfilled bladder what was visible bulging out of her slim, usually fiat belly, but no wee for her. Peter always dreamed about bulging bladder’s and desperate girls and boys, now was his dream coming true.

They were lying again close together on the sun lounger. Peter could feel the girls body on his body, he caressed her and she kissed him tenderly.

Sometimes he had his hand on her lower abdomen, he wanted to feel the roundness and the firmness of full bladder. He enjoyed that and thought “ how much hot girl wee was that poor thing holding inside there?”

He pushed one or two fingers inside her tight slit between her wonderful thighs, he pressed on finger on her pee hole and thought “ how urgently wants her wee comes out of that little hole!!??”

He could not resist to press on and off softly on her bladder to make her tense all her muscles to keep it in and to hear her moaning from needing to wee so bad.

Late afternoon they went to their room to get dressed for dinner. They went early because the boy wanted to visit them already at 8.

Peter went to the bathroom for to pee before leaving , the girl was waiting outside with tight crossed legs. To hear him pee was extra torture for the girl who had not weed since the morning of the day before.

*013*2024-03-24 23:16

Peter had not closed the bathroom door, he had not pissed as well all day long, therefore he pissed hard and long.

To hear that made the urge for the girl nearly unbearable.

She was still standing with crossed legs when Peter came out. “Would my poor girl need to wee as well?” he asked and smiled.

”Oh yeah, very urgently.” answered the girl. Peter didn’t offer her to go and the girl didn’t beg for it.

They were on the way to the restaurant. The girl was walking so good as possible natural and did try to hide her unnatural need to wee.

She was walking with small steps, with her thighs close together and with light rubbing knees.

”Oh my gosh, you can’t even imagine how sexy you are when you walk like that and when you need to wee so bad.” said the guy.

”I am glad you like it and i am glad that i am able to enjoy you!” answered the girl and kissed him on his cheek.

“That you are turning me on so much with your pee desperation will be not so really good for you, because your visibility need and your moves from needing to wee makes me so horny that i want more of it and that i want to make you hold your wee much longer. I will not get enough from you and from your full bladder.“ said Peter.

“My body is yours, you let him pee or you make him hold. You decide when i am allowed to answer nature’s calls, so are our rules.

Moreover i like it that you like my body and my full bladder. It makes me happy to enjoy you and to make you horny.“ said the pretty girl. Then she stopped, crossed her legs and kissed him with her soft, wet tongue.

Hörer took her firm ass with both hands and pulled her slim body tight against his body.

He pressed his hard penis hard and tight against the bulging bladder of the girl. She was shaking on all her body, she crossed her sexy legs as tight as she could and moaned „oooohhhhh my poor bladder, you torture me so much, i am needing to wee so badly that i nearly can’t stand it.“

She whispered that very calmly, with a soft voice. It was a mix of reality and a way to turn Peter on.

Peter was turned on very much and already very horny, on the other hand he was a little bit afraid about that everybody could see his servants big bulging bladder. It was obvious for everyone that he didn’t let her wee and that he did torture her.

What would happen if someone call him sadist, or if someone rail against him because he obviously torture that poor girl so much. Everybody knows that banned to pee can be a very painful torture.

But at the restaurant he did calm down very quickly, because he could see there many girls and boys with swollen bellies and bulging bladders.

“Unbelievable that so many people loves it to make others hold their urine.” thought Peter to himself. He was like in heaven to see so many full bladders, so many crossed legs, so many rubbing knees and so many desperate girls and boys.

Just some tables away was the cute boy from afternoon. He was sitting with a guy and another boy and had again a large drink in his hand.

The other boy was cute and sexy as well, he must have been the “private boy” of the guy.

After they had finished their dinner, went Peter with his girl to their room.

Peter stripped all his clothes and then he stripped the girl except to her little panties.

He laid her on the large bed and laid beside her. Her bladder was so good visible in her sexy belly. He put his upper thigh on her lower abdomen, with his knee exactly on her bulging bladder.

He pressed softly on her so very, very full bladder and he was rubbing his hard penis on the girl’s naked upper thigh. He had to be careful not to cum to early.

Exactly at 8 pm knocked the boy on the door.

As soon as he was inside, he was bending over and crossed his slender sexy boy legs and said “ Sorry, but i need to pee so bad. They made me drink all day long, first the older lady, then that guy. I am busting since hours, but i promised you to bring you my bladder very full, therefore i have not been at the toilet, i have been holding it for you until now, but may i use your bathroom now please?”

”No! Absolutely no!!” answered Peter.

*014*2024-03-25 21:32

The poor boy was a little bit bewildered and was still standing bended over and had his nude legs tight crossed.

“Sorry that i have been so rude before and thank you very much that you made your bladder so full and that you leave it so very full for our date, but i don’t like to watch you piss, i want to see you hold.

I know that is not fair, but it makes me so horny to see you so very desperate and therefore i don’t let you use my toilet. You should stay both very full and should get even fuller.” said Peter.

”You know that we are not allowed to beg for a pee, even not if it gets very, very urgently and painful. We have to hold it no matter how bad it will get. We are not even allowed to talk about our needs, but your girl told me that you gave us permission to talk about our bodies and about our bodies needs.” said the boy.

”Oh yes, i love to talk with you about your urge to pee and about your bodily needs. But before you should strip your clothes and you should come in our bed.” answered Peter.

The boy did what he was got told, he was now absolutely nude and naked. His body was gorgeous, slim, smooth and good shaped.

Between his hipbones was his bladder clearly visible. It was bulging out from his pubic bone up near to his navel.

”Look how big my bladder became and there is still a lot of my last large drink on the way.” said the boy and massaged his swollen belly.

”You are really very full down there.” said Peter and slid with his hand over his belly to feel the body’s big firm bladder.

Peter was lying between one of the most beautiful girls and of one of the cutest boys he had ever seen. For a bi sexual guy like Peter, was that the most erotic and the most arousing situation what he could imagine.

That both of that young beautiful people had their bladders very, very full and stretched to double size or bigger and that both of them were needing to wee so unbelievably urgently and bad, was more than a dream for a bladder sadist like Peter.

They could not get desperate enough for Peter and their bladders could never get full enough.

Alternate he had his hands on the girl’s and on the boy’s body. He had his fingers around the boy’s penis and then deep in the girl’s tight cunt.

Meanwhile he had the girls panties stripped to see her slit between her sexy thighs and to push easier his fingers inside her.

They were now all three totally naked in the large bed.

Peter pressed softly with his hand on their bladders until they moaned and groaned from needing to pee so bad. Peter’s sadism for their overfilled bladders had no limits, but especially the boy was near to the limit of his endurance. He wanted to pee so much, he was needing to pee since hours and did know very well that he would not get a chance for some hours more.

He was not just handsome and cute, he was very intelligent as well. He wanted to animate Peter to have sex with them, either with him or with the girl, or with both.

He thought that he would let them go to the toilet right after his climax and he told his intention to the girl.

They started to be very tender to him. The boy leaked Peter’s body and kissed him with his soft tongue. The girl sucked his big bone hard penis and then they did it reverse. The boy sucked and the girl leaked and kissed.

Peter was near to cum and therefore he was begging for a little break before he would eject.

” You both are so great, so sexy i feel like i would be in heaven, but we have to stop for some minutes, because i don’t want to cum, i want to stay horny all over the night.” said Peter.

The boy was afraid to hear that and said “ does that mean that you will not let us pee until tomorrow?”

“Yes, i think so, i think that you will have to hold it until minimum tomorrow morning.” answered Peter.

”Did you ever think about how long a girl can last without a wee, how long a girl will be able to suppress her urge? Your girl is good trained, but she has not been at a toilet since yesterday morning, she didn’t wee since 38 hours!! What do you think how much longer she will be able to bear up?”said the boy.

”Many, many times i thought about that, but i don’t know it. Would you tell it me? Would she show me how long a girl can go without a wee!” asked Peter.

The boys bladder was already full to explode from the rest of the large drink at the dinner, he was needing to pee worse than he could ever remember.

He didn’t stop to hope to get permission to pee before sleeping, therefore they started again to animate Peter for sex.

Peter was horny as hell and he wanted to stay horny until he would have sex with both of them, hours later.

”I would love to watch you both fucking.” said Peter. “Fuck her as hard as you can!” said Peter to the boy.

”We can’t fuck anymore with our bladders that full.” answered the boy.

”Sure you can.” replied Peter

*016*2024-03-27 15:23

{{On 3/26/2024 at 3:13 AM, eucoloco said:

And that's awesome. Dreamly really

}}

Thank you, i am glad that you like it!

