The waitress from the park kiosk

Author: huberp76

*000*2022-05-27 21:06

A boy had a date with a girl from his class.

They spent the afternoon together and went after a fast dinner to the cinema.

As they were standing in line for the tickets, the girl had her legs tight crossed.

”Do you need to wee?” asked the boy.

”Yes pretty bad, but don’t worry i am good trained, i can hold it until at home.” she answered.

”That will be longer than 3 hours!” said the boy doubtfully.

”Maybe that it will get bad, but i can endure it!” answered the girl.

He is one of the boys who gets turned on very much if a girl is needing to wee and putting it off. He was aroused from knowing that she would need to go and he wanted to talk about it.

”Why does a girl train herself to hold her wee? What is the reason for it?” he wanted to know.

“I don’t train myself, i get trained from my job.” she said and she told him that she is working for 3 days half time in a coffee shop.

It is just a little coffee shop, a kind of kiosk with a few tables and a little bar in the middle of a large park.

She is waitress and bartender in one person and there is always just one person working at the same shift.

There is no toilet at the coffee shop, neither for guests, nor vor the staff. The guests can use the public toilets near the kiosk, but the waitress can’t leave the kiosk during her shift, she can’t go to the toilet, not even to take a much needed wee.

The waitress has to work all her shift without a single wee.

She told him that they pay a extra good price for this job and for that special situation, because not all girls are able to do that.

They did tell them at the job interview that they can take only girls with a good control of their bodily needs, because there will be no opportunity for a toilet all shift long.

That means no wee from noon until 9 pm, that means that only girls who can endure not to wee for so long, can be taken.

”Oh my God and you can hold it for so long.” asked the boy with a tremulous voice.

He was horny like hell from this dialogue and from the knowledge that his girl was needing to wee and she is willing to hold it for 3 hours longer.

”Yes, me and 2 other girls are able to work the shift without a toilet break. I did not know, i could not even imagine how much i really can endure if i have to. Once it was much longer than only one shift.” the girl told him.

The boy could not get enough, he wanted to hear more from her, from her need to wee and from her bursting full bladder, but now they had the tickets and they had to go in.

(continue)

*001*2022-05-28 13:10

The boy was so horny from this talk and from that situation, he could not concentrate to the film.

Since he could remember it was so exciting for him if a girl was needing to wee but did not go, could not go, or was not allowed to go. It was so arousing for him to know that a girl was holding a very full bladder for a long time, but it was very, very rarely to experience such situations, but now he had a girl beside him who was needing to wee but protracted to go.

She was standing with crossed legs from needing to wee before they went in, she did tell him that she would need to go, she had the opportunity to go to the loo, but she delayed it until at home.

Her urge was strong enough for legs crossing, knee rubbing and for to press her thighs together, but not strong enough for her to piss. She decided to hold it until at home and that would not last a few minutes, or one hour, it will last longer than 3 hours.

He was so impressed from that girl, from her ability to control her bodily needs, to control her bladder and her need to wee, he was impressed from her willpower to bear down her strong urge and to force her bladder to obey.

This girl was simply made for him and for his lust.

He did always dream about to make a strong bladdered girl, with a strong will to hold it, wait and hold until she can’t anymore.

Now he would perhaps get a chance to live his dream.

She told him before they went in that there was a situation where she had to hold it much longer than just a shift from noon until 9 pm and that she did not know before what she really can endure on pee urge and bladder pain, if she has to.

He wanted nothing more than to bring her to her limit, or a little over her limit.

He did dream about to bring her home after the cinema and to fuck her before he would let her piss.

He had to calm down a little before he would cum in his pants.

“How are you?“ he whispered in her ear.

“Thank you, very well. My bladder is growing slowly up to my navel and I would need to wee really bad already, but that will not be a big problem, i got used to have my bladder full.” she answered and kissed him at his cheek.

(continue)

*002*2022-06-01 15:10

After about one hour watching the film, the girl whispered in Peters ear “It’s getting pretty bad.”

”How pad? So bad as you told me that you was holding it longer than one shift?” he wanted to know.

”No not nearly that bad, that was much more worse, that was almost not to bear.” she answered.

Peter was horny like hell, he was no more interested at the film, he wanted to talk with the girl about her need to wee and about the worst she ever needed to go and about experience where she had her bladder full to explode.

”How bad must it get till you wet your panties?” Peter wanted to know.

” What do you think about me? I will never wee my panties!! My bladder and me, we are a good team, we can endure a lot. Didn’t you know, big girls don’t wee their panties.”she said.

This words was a provocation for Peter, it was absolutely a challenge for him to make her hold until her bladder gets hard as a rock, for don’t let her wee as long as she whimper and whine for permission to go. Not even then he would let her go. She said that big girls don’t wee their panties, now she should show him that she is a big girl, her bladder should stretch, he wants to see it bulging out from her usual slim girl belly. He wants to push on it to make her crazy from needing to wee so bad.

It was much different for Peter, he always like it to make girls hold at his dates, he usually don’t give the girls a natural opportunity to go to a toilet, he make them hold their wee for hours without they even know that he do that with a strategic plan and for purpose.

No it was different, he did not have to make the girl hold, the girl did hold it for her own, he could talk with her about her urge and about her full bladder and so he asked her on the way out, after the film was over “Don’t you need the loo before we leave, it will last much longer than one hour until you are at home?”

”You know that i would need it since hours, but i don’t go, i am waiting until at home. Don’t worry about my bladder, i told you that i am accustomed to hold a full bladder.”

What a girl, she should get punished for her haughtiness, though Peter to himself.

After a little walk to the parking lot, Peter started to ask as soon as they were in the car about her experience where she was on her limit of her holding ability.

She corrected him and told that it was not her absolutely limit, it was just very, very urgently and painful too, but she did realize to that time how much she can endure and that she would have been able to endure more if she had to.

She told him that it was just a few weeks ago, she went to her shift to her kiosk. She did not have time for a wee since her morning pee and was needing to go urgently. She did hope that she could go before her shift, to the public toilet not so far from the kiosk, but she was late and she could see that there were already some people waiting for opening and one of the guests walked with her.

She could not say that they should wait because she is needing to wee before she opens.

She did not know what to do, she was needing to wee really bad and she could not imagine that she would be able to hold it back for more than 9 hours, but she had to, there was no other way for her, or would she piss herself if she can’t anymore?

Than she asked Peter “ can you even imagine need to wee so bad, to have the bladder full and to know that you will have no chance to go, how bad it ever will get?”

”No i honestly i can’t. That must have been very hard and painful for you! Or?” Peter answered.

”That must have been torture for you and your bladder! How could you endure that?” Peter asked with an extra hard boner in his pants.

”No other boys at my dates were so much interested and at my pee habits and were so worried on my full bladder, than you.”said the girl and told him that she could not believe it for herself that she bear it so long without a single wee.

As she closed her kiosk went the last guest with her to the bus stop and so she did not even use the public toilet.

Sure she could have use it, but she did not wanted to make him think that she is so weak, that she could not hold her wee until at home.

As she arrived at home it was very, very urgent, but she think that was not really her limit, if she had to, she would have been able to hold it longer, she told Peter.

At that evening, she did not have to much time, after the cinema, she had to get up early next morning and so they did just stay for a half an hour in the car, in front of her house. They kissed and cuddled, he caressed her bare thighs and he could feel with his hand the hardness of her swollen bladder.

Peter wanted to pick her up two days later from her kiosk, with her bladder very full, she wanted to spend the night with him and then she could show him her limit.

She should get crazy from needing to wee, that was it what Peter wanted!!!

*003*2022-06-10 22:23

The girl wanted to leave because she had to get up early in the morning, so she said once before. Peter wanted to stay, he wanted to relish the girls need to wee and he wanted to enjoy in her full bladder.

He kissed that girl, he had his hand on her knee and slid on her bare thigh up to her panties.

It was so exciting for him to feel the smooth skin of her inner thighs and to feel how she tensed something her muscles to hold her urine back in her overfilled bladder.

Peter love the girls when they are desperate to pee, the more they are needing to go, the more sexy they gets for him.

A girls swollen bladder is the greatest sextoy for him and bulging girl bladder between her hipbones is one of the most erotic and arousing things he can imagine.

The girl did not know that Peter wanted torture and overfill her bladder and that he would love it to see her suffer from needing to wee so bad. She noticed indeed that he did talk with her about her pee habits, like no other boy before, but she thought the opposite, she thought that he is worried about her bladder when she is forced to hold it for so long, she thought that he would have pity with her if she is needing to wee but have no chance to go for hours more, she could not know that her bladder could never be full enough and her urge never be strong enough for him.

Some days later, it was Friday, he picked her up from her kiosk.

Except for that the girl would stay overnight at Peters home, they did not have a schedule for the evening.

Peter was so excited, it was so unusual for him to have a date with a girl from which he did know that she did not wee since 10 hours.

As they left the kiosk Peter asked her what she would like to do. Would she like to go to a cinema, for a late dinner, or would she like to do something else.

The girl answered that he should decide for the evening, but first he should bring her somewhere where she can wee, she would need that since hours, she said.

”Oh sorry, i did not think about that you did not have a opportunity to go since noon.” Peter lied. In reality he could not think anything else, than at her full bladder.

”Is it really bad, or could you wait longer, much longer?” he asked.

”It is pretty bad, but you know i always can wait, if i have to. But why should i wait and how long should i wait?” she wanted to know.

“Until tomorrow morning.” was Peters short answer.

”Do you want to kill my bladder, it will explode if i hold it that long.” said the girl.

”No, i don’t want to kill your bladder, but you told me last time that you did hold it from early morning until late evening and that would not have been your limit. Show me your limit, hold it for me until you absolutely can’t anymore. I would love that so much.”said Peter.

”You are like one of the guys at the kiosk. I told you that i wanted to the public toilet after holding it all day and there was this guy who went with me to the bus stop and so i did not go. On the way, he asked me about the length of my shift. He wanted to know since how long i was working today.” said the girl to Peter.

I told him since noon, i did not know why he was asking.

“What are you doing if you need to the loo?” he wanted to know. “Nothing!” i answered.

”What do you mean with nothing.” he asked.

“Nothing means that i can’t go and nothing means that i have to hold it.”i said.

”That means that you did not wee since noon?” he asked.

”No that means that i did not wee since i did get up in the morning.” i told him.

“He could not stop to talk about it and he could not hide that he did love that i was holding my pee back for so long and i think that you love that too. If i am honest i like it also. I like the feeling of my full bladder, i like to hold it back even my urge gets a little bit painful and i like it that that you guys gets horny from my need to wee and from my overfilled bladder.”said the girl.

”That means, that you will hold it for me?” Peter asked.

”I don’t know, but I’ll promise to you that i will not go to the toilet at the restaurant and then we will see what we will do at your home.” she said.

*004*2022-06-26 21:33

In the boys car, on the way to the restaurant the girl whispered “ i need to wee, i would need to wee since hours.”

”I know it and i love it!”answered the boy and could not resist to push the girls short skirt up over her belly and to slide with his hand under the waistband of the girls little panties. He had one finger in the girls wet slit and pressed with his hand softly on her lower abdomen. He could feel the the contours of her firm bladder and how the skin over her bladder is tensed.

So hot, so exciting, so arousing for him to feel her full bladder and to know that the girl would need to wee.

”Sadist!” she said but did let him massage her full bladder.

He for some reason thought about the stranger at the kiosk, who walked with his girlfriend to the bus stop. On one hand it was exciting for him that the stranger guy did get turned on from the piss need of his girl, but on the other hand he was jealous that the guy used his girls full bladder and her desperation to get horny and for his sexual arousing, sure he did dream about a full bladder sex with her.

The boy started to talk about that guy and about the special situation, he wanted to know if the guy was again at the kiosk after that.

The girl told him that he have been there twice, but that they did not talk about pee or pee holding, but that she would be sure that he was turned on from knowing that she did not wee since hours and that her bladder must have been full.

”He did ask me how i was feeling, but i thought that he wanted to know more how my bladder was feeling and how bad i was needing to wee.” the girl said.

”Do you think that he just came to be beside a girl with a full bladder? To you think that he was getting turned on from knowing that you would need to wee and that you could not go, that you was forced to hold it?” he asked.

”I don’t know, maybe he did hope to see me wet my panties.” the girl said.

”Would you like to see me wet my panties?” she asked.

”No not ready, i want to see you hold your wee back with all your power.I want that you let your bladder get full to the absolutely limit, i would like it if you hold it back until you can’t anymore more, not any longer. If you have no other way, no other chance than to wet your panties, if you then do it in your panties, i would like that too!” answered the boy.

” I can’t really understand why you gets satisfied if i have to bear a painful urge to pee and if my bladder hurts from needing to go so unbelievable bad. What exactly turns you on to see me suffer?” the girl wanted to know.

To that time they arrived at the restaurant and the boy told her that he would try to explain it later.

They ordered their dinner and their drinks. The girl had her legs crossed under the table.

The boy did see it and the girl did see that the boy saw it.

”I need to wee so bad, but don’t worry, i don’t go, i promised to you that i would not go.

But that can not be normal, that is crazy and strange, the toilet is right behind me, my bladder is full and big like a soccer ball, i need to wee since hours and i don’t go.” said the girl.

”Stop It, i cum in my pants, if you don’t stop to talk like that! I can’t wait to bring you home.” said the boy.

”What do you think what you are doing with me, full like i am? Sex will no more be possible with that big urine ball in my belly!” said the girl.

*006*2022-07-23 06:52

{{On 7/20/2022 at 2:54 PM, Lala123 said:

Man, this is one of the best stories i have read here, you gotta write another part

}}

Thank you for your compliment. I am glad that you like my story.

What especially would you like to read? Would you like that the girl had to hold her very, very full bladder longer, that she would not be allowed to wee no matter how bad she would need to go?

Did you ever had experience where girls has been desperate but still had to hold it?

Thank you again, it feels good to get a such a good feedback. Best regards!

