The woman interpreter

Author: huberp76

*000*2023-06-30 23:27

Three business man went to a east European country for business.

They were not able to talk the national language of that country and therefore they did need a interpreter.

They contacted a agency and they sent a young women.

She was about 21 and she was very pretty. The guy’s were very happy and satisfied with the choice from the agency.

They started early in the morning and had to go about 3 hours with a microbus.

They had a meeting with someone important men from a large company.

There was a lot of mineral and coffee during the meeting to drink. After the meeting they went directly for a lunch at a restaurant.

The men went one after the other to the toilet, the girl was needing to go as well, but she had to translate, she could not, she had to work.

After a lot of minerals and coffees and so many hours without a wee, she was needing to go pretty bad, but she wanted not be unprofessional, she had to do her job and she had to hold her urine in her already very full bladder.

It was a part of the job and it was seeming that nobody did care or even think that a girl is needing to wee and that a girl needs a pee break after so many hours.

One of the men did think very well about that, that this pretty, sexy girl did not piss since she left her home early in the morning and that her bladder must have been very full after all that time.

He did love it and it was turning him on a lot.

It was about 3 pm as they left and the guy wanted to prevent that the girl did go to the toilet before leaving, he wanted that she had to hold it for 3 more hours until at home.

On the way out, the girl was looking yearning to the ladies and at the same moment as she decided to go, the guy noticed that and did take her by her arm and begged her to translate something for him on the way to the car.

The poor girl was in panic, but was to shy to admit that she is needing to wee.

She set in the car with her bladder very, very full and with a already painful urge to wee and she did know that she would be trapped there for minimum 3 more hours.

The guy did know that as well and was absolutely horny about that.

After 2 hours bladder torture for the girl, they had to stop because of a traffic accident.

„Oh no! „ said the girl.

“Is something wrong? Asked the guy canting.

“Sorry when i talk about that, but i nearly wet my panties, i need to wee so very, very bad.“ she answered.

“Did you not go before leaving?“ asked one of the guys.

“ No i had no time to go all day long, i have not weed since 6 am at home.

I need to pee since long before lunch and now i can’t wait much longer. I don’t know what to do? It hurts so much!“ said the girl.

It was exciting for all the men to see the pretty, young girl sitting with her hands pressed between her thighs.

The desperation lover was absolutely horny about to hear that and to see the girl fight against her strong urge.

For him could have lasted the accident for hours!

„I am sorry that you have to suffer so bad, but i think that you have no other chance than to hold it, but you are a big girl you will be able to keep your panties dry.“ he said with a bulge in his pants.

*002*2023-07-01 10:30

{{3 hours ago, wether said:

There may be bumps on the road ahead. Bumps do not help a full bladder hold all the pee in.

}}

I agree with you, bumps will be good!

If the girls bladder became big, hard and heavy like a bowling ball in her lower abdomen, then will every single bump get to a extra torture for her and for her poor bladder.

Her bladder became very heavy from all the amount of urine she is holding, the gravity makes her bladder move inside her belly and every bump will make her urge stronger and painfuller.

I think that a potholed road after waiting one hour on the motorway would be good for us to hear her moan and whine.

It is like at the Japanese pee holding competitions videos.

They make the girls, who have already swollen, bulging bladders in their bellies, rope skipping to hurt them and to make it more difficult for them to hold it back.

*004*2023-07-01 21:45

After a half hour standing still on the motorway was the poor girl near to tears.

“I am so sorry for being so unprofessional, sorry that i act like a little girl, but i can’t bear that any longer, i need to wee so unbelievable bad and so urgently. I am afraid that i wet my panties and the seat. I think i have to squat beside the car.“ said the girl.

“Don’t you think that you are a little bit to old for that, you are a big girl, you can’t squat in front of all that people. I think you will have to hold it! You have no other opportunity.„ said the desperation fan.

“I am accustomed to put it off and to hold it back sometimes for hours at my job, but i am needing to go since long before noon and now it is late afternoon, i can’t no longer, i HAVE to pee now, it is unbearable, it hurts so much!“said the girl.

“We are really sorry for you, but you have to try your best to hold it, we hope that it will not last much longer.“ said one of the men.

The desperation fan did not hope that, but just at that moment started the cars to move.

A few minutes later they said at the radio that there is another accident in front of them.

The girl cried „i can’t endure it longer, my bladder is about to explode.“

The driver realized that the girl was at her absolutely limit and he wanted prevent a wet car seat, therefore he did leave the motorway at the next exit, before they had to stop again because of the next accident.

The desperation lover was a little bit disappointed about that, he would have loved to spend another hour, or longer with that girl in the car, no matter if she would wet the seat or not.

After the exit was just a little country road with many bumps. That skipping was to much for the poor girls painful overfilled bladder, she could not stand that extra torture and so she cried for to stop and said that her panties were already wet.

The driver could not other than to stop at the next possibility.

The girl was getting out of the bus with one hand pressed between her thighs.

As soon as she was out she started to piss even before she could squat.

She pissed all the minerals, the coffees and the drinks at lunch out of her with high pressure for extreme long.

It was not sure if that business trip was successful for the guy’s, but for the desperation lover was it very successful, he did never before see a girl so frantic to wee, he did never before see a girl fighting so hard against her urge to pee and he did never before see a girl piss so strong and so long.

*005*2023-07-02 10:12

I think that the desperation lover would not have used the next exit to let the girl wee, i think that he would have gone to the next traffic accident at the motorway, to have a reason to see that poor girl suffer for one more hour!?

It would have been so much torture for the girls bladder, but so much pleasure for him!!

What would you have done?

