The Closed Cafe

Author: HeyItsClaire

*000*2021-06-02 23:13

This is my first fiction. It's hard to find content with my favorite tropes so I decided to write them myself. I tried to keep the character's sexes ambiguous so you can imagine them to be whatever you want. I'll most likely continue this at some point.

###

It was 4:30pm on a Thursday and I was sitting in my last class of the day. There was only one problem: my bladder was very full. I never use the bathrooms at school and today was no different. I had about 30 minutes before I could make my usual desperate trek to the cafe across the street to use their bathrooms.

The professor keeps going on about what we're learning that day. My bladder feels like a hard watermelon between my hips. I'm pressing my legs together tightly and softly wiggling. I'm doing everything I can to avoid pressing on my protruding bladder. I have enough control to keep it in for now, but who knows what will happen before class ends.

We now have 5 minutes left in class and my eyes are tearing up in desperation. I'm grinding on my seat sightly, my urethra throbbing with need to release my pee. I think of how lovely a pee at the cafe will feel. The second class ends I will let myself run (or hobble) across the street, enter the bathroom, pull my pants down and have my sweet release. A wave of need washes over me from thinking about releasing my pee into the toilet. I feel another tear well up. I grind into the seat to avoid a flood, biting my lip in desperation.

I notice my friend looking at me from across the room. She has a sympathetic look on her face. She's the one person I can confide in about my daily desperation. She's always there to comfort me and help me get to the bathroom.

Finally the professor announces the end of class and I couldn't be happier. I quickly pack my stuff into my bag while wiggling my legs under my seat. My mind is in a desperate haze and all I can think of is pee.

Once I leave the room I see my friend waiting for me. She runs up to me and we start walking to the cafe.

"I saw you squirming in class more than usual today. It must be pretty bad."

"Yeah, Thursdays are always hard for me because of my later class. I'm really full and I would love a bathroom."

"How much did you drink today?"

My friend is a little odd and asks this question often. I'm not sure why, but I never thought to ask her. Thinking about all the liquids I've drank today makes me pause and cross my legs. I feel my pee right at the tip ready to come out. The taut ball of liquid in my abdomen throbs painfully. I bob up and down, sucking air between my teeth. I really need the bathroom soon. I'm desperate for a pee.

"I had 2 cups of coffee after leaving the house, 2 bottles of water throughout the day, a glass of sweet iced tea at lunch, and another cup of coffee before this class."

"You've told me coffee makes you have to go so much worse. All that water filling up your bladder and the coffee increasing the urgency must be making it hard on your bladder."

"It really is."

We leave the school and I couldn't be happier. The cafe is seen just across the street. All we have to do is use the cross walk and enter the cafe.

While waiting for the light to turn green I can't help but dance a little. I have to go so bad I can taste it. My bladder feels like it's taking over my whole body and filling me with urgent need. I would love to squat right now and let go right on the sidewalk. I imagine the loud hiss as liquid spreads in all directions. All the pressure right at my pee hole quickly fading

I gasp, feeling a drop of pee go into my panties. My hands rush to hold myself, but I don't let them. I instead cross my legs tightly. Don't pee here, don't pee here. Not yet. Just wait a few more minutes.

The light turns green and I slowly run with desperate little steps. I'm trying to go as fast as possible without jolting my bladder. My friend follows next to me, slowly jogging.

"We're almost there, just hold it in for a little longer. You can do it!" She says.

We make it to the door of the cafe. I sigh in relief. I'm almost at a toilet. I pull the handle, it's locked.

"I'm so sorry, I forgot the cafe closes early on Thursdays. I should have reminded you." My friend says.

I can hardly believe it. I have to go so bad and my one chance of relief is gone. I hardly know how to cope. I cross my legs, wiggle, and bob. I really needed that toilet!

"Do you wanna go to my house? The bus leaves in 5 minutes"

I agree without even thinking. I just need the toilet so bad.

We get to the bus stop right on time and walk onto the bus. My friend leads me to the back so I can squirm without being seen. The second I sit down I force my hands away from my crotch and grind into the seat. This seat is the one thing stopping a tidal wave from flooding the whole bus.

"Wow, your bladder is so full." I look at my friend and she's staring at my abdomen. I look down. It really is full. For a second I forget about my desperation to look at my bladder bulge in awe. There's a large dome under the waistband of my jeans, my belt cutting into it harshly. Without second thought, I poke I it.

That was one of the worst mistakes I made that day. My pee rushes right to the tip of my hole. It spurts out like a leaky pipe. I can't pee here on the seat, I need to stop it! I furiously grind into the seat. My hard bladder is on fire. It's begging me to let go. I'm so tempted to give up and flood the bus. Thinking of flooding the bus makes me go even more.

I'm a desperate mess. My hands are fluttering around my crotch, wishing they were between my legs. My legs are crossed tight and my hips are wiggling frantically. I'm closing my pee hole so tight and it's still not enough. I've already wet a little, and another spurt would feel so good. I had so much to drink today, so much coffee. All that coffee is now in my desperate little bladder, on the verge of releasing onto the seat. I let out another spurt.

My friend notices my struggle, and before she can think twice she pushes her hand into my pee hole. I gasp, my body thankful for the pressure. My hips grind into her hand and the urgency subsides. Nope that I'm able to think a little clearer I blush.

"Using a hand helps, you know," she says teasingly.

*003*2021-06-15 20:42

Warning that this chapter has some more sex elements along with the desperation. I know I tried to make the sex more ambiguous last time, but I couldn't help myself this time hehe

###

"Thank you," I whisper. My face is on fire. I continue wiggling and crossing my legs with my friend's hand covering my crotch. With the combined desperation and embarrassment, I can barely think straight.

"Can you make it another 20 minutes?"

"No! I can't make it another second! I'll pee!" The thought of sitting in this bus that long with my full bladder makes an urgent wave go through my body. I press my legs tightly and grind into the hand. I tear up in pain.

"It's getting really hard to hold it. Please don't make me wait that long."

"I don't have control over the bus, you know. You don't have a choice."

But there needs to be another way, I'm desperate! I start thinking. I could get out at the next stop and go outside. I could climb someone's fence and go in their backyard. I could pee right here on the seat. Another small leak comes out at the thought of peeing. I have to dance in my seat to keep the rest in.

"I think I'm gonna go right now."

"You're crazy, you can't do that. Just wait another 15 minutes"

"Please let me go! I need to so- oooh!"

My friend began rubbing circles over my clit with her thumb. The surprise almost made me leak, but the sudden arousal kept everything nice and shut. This might be how I make it.

"Is this ok?" My friend asks.

"Please keep going, I need it." She speeds up ever so slightly. I moan softly, leaning my head back on the seat. It feels really good to be touched like this. I feel shocks of pleasure move throughout my body, especially my bladder. I'm surprised about how good rubbing your clit feels with a full bladder. It's like the one thing that was causing me the most pain is now causing me immense pleasure.

"You want more?"

I nod my head frantically. I really, really want more. She's now covering my pee hole with her 2 middle fingers, circling my clit with her thumb, and exploring my slit with her index finger. I groan. I'm lost in a haze of pleasure.

She moves closer to me, now completely pressed against me. I feel her breath on my shoulder. Her other hand begins touching my breast. My eyes close, mouth agape. Beautiful sensations spread over both the top and bottom halves of my body.

*005*2021-06-19 22:32

{{On 6/16/2021 at 12:34 AM, Somenonymous said:

How do you do that (writing good stories). When I wrote my first story, I looked back at it and thought: this is trash.

Yours is good, how do you do that?

}}

I have a lot of practice writing. I've taught writing to college students so I have a bit of an advantage

