Pressed: An "Ace Attorney" Fan-Fiction

Author: HoneyBeam521

*000*2020-01-28 13:23

A/N: Hey hey, this is my second re-posting from AO3! An "Ace Attorney" fic. One that will have a second chapter at some point. Hope that you enjoy it if you read it!

Phoenix Wright, ace attorney, young, bright-eyed and enthusiastic defender of the unjustly accused, blinked rapidly as several drops of sweat tickled their way down the side of his face.

The flood of perspiration sprung from many sources: Phoenix was up against his old friend and rival, Miles Edgeworth, yet again. He’d made it to the third day of a major murder trial, his last chance at clearing his client’s name, and he hadn’t made the least bit of headway. Worst and most sweat-inducing of all, to even arrive at the scene of his defeat, he was forced to force each rotation of the unoiled pedals of his bike on an unforgivably bright morning in mid-July.

By the time Phoenix arrived in the front lobby of the district courthouse, he was absolutely drenched. His trademark spikes had taken on a significant droop—and that was to say nothing about the rest of his body. He would’ve liked to have taken a look in a mirror, maybe freshened up and tried to do something with his hair. But the bathroom on the floor was blocked off, marked with a hastily-written “Out of Order” sign, so, instead, he settled for spending several minutes mopping his face with a leftover fast food napkin and running his fingers through his flaccid coif.

Phoenix’s associate and favorite Spirit Medium, Maya Fey, spotted him from across the room and approached with a smile, looking fresh and cheerful as ever. Phoenix had begun flapping the sides of his suit jacket to get some airflow over his marshy torso.

“Hiya, Nick!” Phoenix struggled not to glare at his young friend. Maya, perceptive as she was of things that Phoenix could barely guess at, wasn’t always perceptive of the severity of a situation. “Ready to give Edgeworth what-for?”

“Maya,” he said, with as much gravity as he could force into two syllables, “I really don’t know what’s going to happen in there today.” Maya stepped back, eyes wide, and she frankly stared for several seconds before responding.

“W-what? But Nick... you said that you had a sure lead... you said you knew exactly what we were going to bring to court today!” Perhaps he’d been a little too heavy-handed. Phoenix could already hear the tears and lip-trembling creeping into Maya’s voice.

“Look, I know what I said. But I couldn’t get there. The police still had the place staked out last night. The officer at the scene told me they wouldn’t be clearing out until this morning.” Perfect, he’d thought then, and now. Perfect for keeping evidence out of the defense’s hands. They really are in the pocket of the prosecution up there.... “I need to get to that overlook. I know it sounds crazy, but I have a hunch. The sight angles in the key witness’s deposition just don’t line up with a clear view of the murder. But I can’t prove anything until—”

BANG!

An imperious figure in burgundy swept into the lobby at that moment, effectively silencing Phoenix’s explanation. Miles Edgeworth had arrived—if one could call such a bombastic entrance mere “arrival.” The prosecutor had thrown open both of the glass doors, causing them to crash into the walls behind him, and was stampeding across the room with such intensity that his grey fringe flew back over the top of his head.

“Stagno—Gumshoe—in the witness lobby. Now!” He barked as he passed, without lifting his head from the inside of a bulging manila folder. Phoenix and Maya tracked Edgeworth’s progress as he tore by and punctuated his performance with a hearty slam of the hallway door.

“What’s all that about?” Maya wondered. “I mean, he’s already won, hasn’t he?”

“Maya!”

“I’m just saying... it’s not like there’s much more prepping they need to do, is there?” Phoenix shrugged and glanced at his watch.

“Two minutes ‘til. He’s probably just afraid they’ll be late.”

“Wonder what could’ve made Edgeworth almost-late in the first place?” Maya said, tapping her cheek.

Phoenix shrugged again. He couldn’t begin to guess. It wasn’t as though he really knew anything about Miles Edgeworth anymore. Phoenix’s best theories revolved around agonizing over tea choices and the perfect drape of the cravat, but anyone who’d even seen Edgeworth could’ve guessed as much. Maybe it didn’t matter. Communication was a two-way street. If Edgeworth cared at all about reviving their friendship, he could’ve made some effort. He didn’t have to ignore all the friendly greetings and invitations he’d been offered over the past several months....

There was no reason to care anymore, Phoenix decided. He had friends. He didn’t need Edgeworth’s validation. Not in the least.

“Docket number K-12019000567: Mortimer Douglas. All parties please proceed to Courtroom Two.”

The intercom’s voice was of the warm and gentle sort, but it neither warmed nor gentled one excessively sweaty defense attorney.

“I haven’t talked to my client at all!” Phoenix cried, even as his legs began dragging him in the direction of the courtroom. Maya failed to hide a snicker.

“No, no. You were busy, weren’t you? Busy daydreaming about Edgeworth’s morning....” Had she not been almost a foot shorter and considerably smaller than him, Phoenix would have considered a shove in response. He decided instead to walk into the oven of a courtroom with as much dignity as a faintly blushing attorney could muster.

Far from the bull he’d been on entering the courthouse, Edgeworth had receded back into cool precision behind the prosecutor’s desk. At the Judge’s prompting, he primly stated the prosecution’s position, and Phoenix was left staring at a solid block of plausibility that he couldn’t imagine chipping through. A couple of minor witnesses took the stand and were quickly dispatched. Despite inconsistencies in one and outright perjury in the other, Phoenix hadn’t been able to shake the foundation of the prosecution’s argument. He couldn’t even begin to imagine any counterarguments that didn’t hinge on evidence, try as he might.

All was as it always was when he faced off against his childhood friend: A regular shit-show. Just as he’d begun toeing the edge of the Cliff of Despair, Maya interrupted Phoenix’s languishing with the smack of paper to the side of his face.

“Ow!” He protested. He openly glared at her this time. “What was that for?”

“To jog your brain a bit!” Maya cried. “Don’t you think there’s something strange going on here?”

Phoenix began rifling through the facts of the case in his mind. A young woman, Marina Fontes, had been found dead, dashed on some sharp rocks at the bottom of a waterfall. The lone suspect—Phoenix’s client—was her on-again off-again boyfriend, a clueless but earnest young man called Mortimer Douglas. Suspicions abounded among the friends of both parties; most of what was said on the witness stand so far had been less “testimony” and more “gossip.”

There was no way Phoenix could disbelieve his client. Even after he’d heard multiple witnesses state that they’d seen Douglas near the scene and he’d gotten an earful about the character of his client, he believed in him. At the very least, the prosecution no longer had anything particularly convincing to compound their star witness’s account. Everything had come to hinge on the credibility of one Papa Stagno, the man they were waiting to appear in the courtroom; the man claiming to have seen the murder as it happened... and Phoenix was without hard evidence against him. He had a suspicion. He believed that the sight lines Stagno had set up in his deposition didn’t really make sense, but without an accurate diagram or a photograph, he had no way of proving it.

“No, I don’t see anything really ‘strange,’” Phoenix admitted, “other than the police getting in the way, I suppose. I really thought that Gumshoe was through with trying to shackle the defense. But I guess he’s got to do whatever he can to keep his salary above nothing these days, and, besides, we already knew about that. I’ll give you that the last two witnesses—”

“No, not about the case!” Maya scolded. “I was talking about Edgeworth.”

Phoenix shook his head at the abrupt shift in conversation. “What about Edgeworth?”

“Everything!”

“Maya, just spit it out. What are you trying to say?”

“I’m just saying. I’ve seen this sort of thing before,” Maya said, as though she were about to launch into a lecture on the subject of whatever it was she was “seeing.” She scrunched up her face in concentration and narrowed her eyes in the direction of the prosecution. “Yep. No doubt about it. Edgeworth needs the toilet.”

Phoenix couldn’t have been any more grateful that he wasn’t trying to eat or drink anything just then. He definitely would have aspirated something. Probably choked to death. As it was, he only gagged a little on his own saliva.

“Um... excuse me?”

“I think he’s gotta pee. Pretty bad, by the looks of it.”

“Maya!” Phoenix could feel his face prickling unpleasantly at the suggestion. He’d never thought of himself as a prude. That was Edgeworth’s territory. But bringing up something like this in court—! Maya was far more troubled than Phoenix had ever imagined. What’s more, she was lacking something vital. “What evidence could you possibly have to think that?”

Maya glanced across the courtroom, then back at Phoenix with determination on her face. Nobody should have been so determined to prove something so humiliating.

“He’s hardly said anything this whole time. The witnesses have been doing all the talking.”

Phoenix made a dismissive noise. “This is the last day, isn’t it? He’s just throwing every lead he’s got on the stand right now, trying to get someone to support his key witness. He doesn’t need to ask them anything!”

“Whatever. Have you seen his face? He’s been glaring at nothing through the whole cross-examination—”

“Edgeworth’s never not glaring. I really thought you knew that about him by now.” Maya puffed out her cheeks indignantly.

“Well he doesn’t always stand with his legs crossed, does he?!” She shot back, and tilted her head sharply to the right. Phoenix followed the movement with his eyes.

Maya was right: Edgeworth was standing, glaring at the wall, with his right leg pressed hard into his left at the knee. Phoenix felt his stomach lurch. As he watched, the prosecutor shifted his long legs against each other stiffly, as if to cross them fully—at the same time grey eyes lifted to meet blue. Edgeworth’s eyes widened and he immediately snapped back into a pose of strict attention. Was there a bit of a blush on his cheeks...?

No, Phoenix decided as he looked away. Maya was doing just what Edgeworth and his kind did: She strung together a story, hung loosely from bits of unrelated but credible-sounding evidence, and tried to make it read as gospel. Phoenix had been defending for too long to allow himself to be sucked into wild stories anymore. What had he seen, after all? Just an uptight man embarrassed that he’d been caught out of character. Nothing he hadn’t seen before.

“Maya,” Phoenix sighed, crossing his arms. He could feel his sweat-soaked shirt clinging nastily to his chest as he moved. “That’s ridiculous. I’ve never even seen Edgeworth use the bathroom.”

“What, you mean you’ve been waiting for it?” Maya giggled. Phoenix reeled back and proceeded to add another bucket or so of sweat to his already disgusting ensemble.

“What?! N-no! I just mean... I never have. Not when we were kids, not since we met again. He always used to say that he just ‘didn't need to....’” Maya made a feminine sort of fart noise with her mouth.

“That guy was never normal, was he?”

“No, not really.”

“Your Honor!”

A baritone voice—a less-than-pristine baritone voice—rang out through the courtroom. All eyes fell on Edgeworth, who managed to look as put-together as he always did, despite the waver in his tone.

“The prosecution would like to request a short recess in which to prepare its final witness. There wasn’t ample time for the prosecution to gather information from this witness prior to the commencement of proceedings this morning.”

The Judge turned a quizzical look on the prosecutor. “And why is that, Mr. Edgeworth?”

Edgeworth almost didn’t react to the question. Only Phoenix, who had once seen his old friend in the depths, noticed how one of his long white fingers began tapping his arm as he replied.

“The prosecution was unavoidably detained this morning, Your Honor.” The Judge continued to gaze, prompting further explanation. “I... overslept, Your Honor.”

“Hmm,” the bearded gentleman hummed, over the deafening silence of the defense’s collective shock. “Very well. The prosecution’s request is granted. I will allow both parties ten minutes in which to prepare their final arguments.”

Edgeworth made a sweeping gesture with his arm, as if to bow, but seemed to think better of it, and offered a quiet “thank-you, Your Honor” instead. Once he’d retreated back into the prosecution’s chambers, Maya laughed out loud.

“‘Overslept,’ eh? I bet that’s another thing you never knew he could do.” When he didn’t respond, Maya clapped Phoenix on the back. “Earth to Nick! I’m talking to you, you know!”

Phoenix struggled to get his footing back before he replied: “Sorry. I was just thinking. I don’t really want to meet with Mr. Douglas. I mean, I really don’t want to meet with Mr. Douglas. Without the evidence, I’ve got nothing else for him... he’s practically a dead man walking....” He sighed, and put his arms down again. Rivulets of sweat began trickling down inside his sleeves. “I’m going to change. Wait for me outside the courtroom, will you? I’ve got a spare shirt in my basket.”

With that, Phoenix jogged out of the room, giving the defense’s lobby a wide enough berth that he could clearly hear baritone grumblings from inside the prosecution’s. Once he’d navigated through the packed courthouse, tripped over a stray toddler or two and made it outside to retrieve his fresh shirt, five of the recess’ ten minutes had already slipped by. With the bathroom on the main level still closed, there was really no time to get downstairs, clean himself up and change, so Phoenix reluctantly headed back to the hallway in front of Courtroom Two.

There, he found Maya and Dick Gumshoe shooting the breeze. The huge detective waved at Phoenix as he approached, highlighting the fresh sweat and mustard stains on his already filthy trench coat.

“Good to see ya, pal! How’s things?” Phoenix shrugged.

“Getting by, I suppose. What’re you doing out here? Shouldn’t you be helping with the witness interrogation?”

“Ha! Nah, Mr. Edgeworth said I’d just hamper him.” Gumshoe replied, chuckling. “He’s been real nasty today. I wouldn’t get in his way if I was you, pal.”

“Do you know why Mr. Edgeworth was late this morning?” Maya prodded.

“Nah, not really.” The detective looked a little downcast. “I mean, he was down at the precinct pretty late last night. Or really early this morning. Must have been. Every single teabag in the breakroom was gone when I checked in! Anyway, I guess he must have overslept, like he said. You saw him come in at two minutes ‘til! We really had no time to prepare those last witnesses. But Mr. Edgeworth’s not gonna take it easy on you with Stagno, pal!”

“Yeah, I’m sure.” Phoenix suppressed a nervous chuckle before rounding on Maya, “But you’ve got to see what I mean. You really let your imagination run away with you back there.”

“What are you talking about?” She retorted, “He got here with two minutes to spare! You don’t think he missed his chance to—”

“No, Maya. I think he just came in late, was unprepared, and got flustered about it.” It all sounded perfectly logical when he said it out loud. Not that Phoenix liked to find himself debating the alleged bodily functions of Miles Edgeworth. But if Maya was going to be so insistent, it seemed like his duty to prove her wrong. “We’re always cutting it fine, sure, but Edgeworth actually cares about that sort of thing. I think you’ve made something out of nothing here.”

“Didn’t you see him back there?” By this point, Maya had become incredulous to the point of yelling. “I’m still surprised nothing accidental happened.”

Phoenix was on the edge of a biting retort for the ages when the door to the prosecution’s lobby burst open. The person within wrenched the door ajar with such strength that it bounced back against the wall, and a furious puce-hued shape sped from behind it, through the hallway and out the double doors. Phoenix only caught a glance of the prosecutor’s face—flushed, sweating and scowling—before he disappeared into the front lobby.

Before anyone could raise a comment or even begin to laugh, several things happened: A loud exclamation erupted out from just beyond the lobby door, in distinctly Edgeworthian tones. A moment later, the intercom sounded again: “Docket number K-12019000567: Mortimer Douglas. All parties please reconvene in Courtroom Two.” Finally, there was another exclamation, this one clearer, sharper, and extremely German.

As the trio stared, the door to the front lobby opened sedately, and Edgeworth appeared in the threshold. The prosecutor was standing very stiff—more so than usual, even—and colored very red around the cheeks and the ears. He didn’t acknowledge Gumshoe or Maya as he walked inside. Instead, he stood directly in front of Phoenix, in that particular way he had that made him look like he had a pole rammed straight up his spine, and didn’t exactly meet Phoenix’s eyes, opting for the strategy of glaring somewhere in the vicinity of his rival’s forehead.

“There will be nothing but trouble for you if you attempt to question my witness, Wright,” he said lowly. “It would behoove you to allow him to say his piece and accept the consequences.”

Phoenix made a dismissive noise and put his hands on his hips. “You really think I’m going to fall for that, Edgeworth? I’ll question him as much as I need to get to the truth.”

The prosecutor shuddered faintly and stared at Phoenix’s forehead for a heavy, silent moment. He ultimately left the matter at that, turned on his heel, and began to take small steps in the direction of the prosecution’s courtroom door. Gumshoe followed him, chattering happily. Maya cast a meaningful look at Phoenix.

“What?” The defense attorney shot back. He felt his face prickling again under her gaze.

“Oh, nothing,” said Maya airily, “I was just wondering how far you’ll get into the cross-examination before Edgeworth wets himself.”

“Oh my God, Maya,” Phoenix groaned, “Do you really want that? Even if you’re right—”

“—I’m obviously right—”

“—do you really want that to happen?”

Maya shrugged, and thought for a moment. “I don’t know. It’d be pretty funny.”

“Uh-huh.” Phoenix didn’t like to think about it. Not just because it was disgusting and humiliating. Not just because it was, admittedly, a little funny. No, it was because the thought of his old friend, his most pristine, put-together acquaintance, the faultless Demon Prosecutor... the thought of that man being controlled so fully by his bladder was alarmingly hot. And he wasn’t about to let anyone know he thought so. “Look, could you just hold onto my shirt while we’re in there? I’m going to change if we get another recess.”

“Oh, we’ll get another recess,” Maya giggled. “No doubt about it. Did you see the way Edgeworth was walking? I give him ten minutes, tops.” The defense attorney pulled down his jacket and hoped that he wasn’t blushing too noticeably. If worst came to worst, he could always blame it on the heat of the courtroom.

Thankfully, Phoenix didn’t have to reach to look dignified before the court. Not with Edgeworth already there, seething at the empty witness stand. Maya had to clap a hand over her face to keep from bursting out laughing.

“Court is back in session for the trial of Mr. Mortimer Douglas!” During the recess, the Judge had rolled up his voluminous sleeves to his elbows and set up an oscillating fan under his bench, causing the thin material to whip around him like a huge black wind sock. “Is the defense ready?”

“The defense is ready, Your Honor.”

“And the prosecution?”

Edgeworth straightened up, scowled, and nodded silently.

“Very well then! The prosecution may proceed.”

The prosecution proceeded. Haltingly. “The... prosecution... calls its final witness, Mr. Gherard Stagno.”

When summoned, Mr. Stagno approached the witness’ bench. He was a small, stooped man of around eighty, with a deep tan, wispy white hair combed over his head, and a distinct limp, which hampered his progress significantly. It took him a good minute to cross the courtroom, and another to actually take the stand.

“Mr.... Stagno.” Maybe Maya was right. Phoenix hadn’t seen Edgeworth struggle so much with speech since the last time a tremor shook the courtroom. “P-please state your full name and occupation for the record.”

“Ah, buongiorno, mio bel ragazzo!” Stagno turned to the prosecutor with a nearly toothless grin and waved, as if he hadn’t recently been being chewed out by said member of the prosecution. “My name is Gherard Stagno—but all know me as Papa, for I am a papa or grandpapa to so many! I always have them down at the river, my lovely Boccagrande, always entertaining all the Stagninos, swimming and fishing and canoeing. There was a time just a few months ago, at the first of springtime, when we—”

“Witness!” The prosecutor hissed. Edgeworth had skipped several steps of mounting frustration and landed squarely in his deadliest tone. “Please, for God’s sake, stick to the relevant facts.”

“Ah, si, si—you know, my friend, you’d do better with some time by il fiume. Like this, you’re bound to drive yourself to an early grave!”

Edgeworth’s scowl deepened. “Th-that is none of your concern! Give your testimony, Stagno. Now.”

“Very well, very well! You want to know about the murder, yes? Well, it was just about a week ago. Yes, yes... a week ago, when the weather was so very strong. Right at the bank of my lovely river! He was flowing mightily that day.” The old man smiled dreamily. “We’d just had a bit of a ‘downpour,’ as you Americans call it. He, Il Boccagrande, was about as swollen as he could be without bursting out over his banks, no measly trickling down the rocks....”

“Objection!” Edgeworth cried, much to the bewilderment of the judge and the amusement of Maya. The prosecutor hadn’t yet broken his stiff, upright stance, but Phoenix could make out the tremble in Edgeworth’s index finger as he brought his arm back to his side. “The prosecution objects to the witness’ rambling! He must only report on facts that are relevant to the case!”

“Ah, but you see, my most impatient legale, these facts—they are very important,” Stagno replied, wagging a finger in Edgeworth’s direction. “Cruciale, you might say. The river—he isn’t strong enough to carry away a body when he is running low, as he is in this accursed heat!”

The Judge banged his gavel once and turned to the prosecution. “Objection overruled. The prosecution will refrain from interrupting testimony unless absolutely necessary.”

At that point, Maya had to duck under the defense’s table to hide her silent fits of laughter. Phoenix shook his head, but couldn’t exactly broach any argument. Throughout Stagno’s testimony—an especially long-winded testimony, peppered with unfortunate details about the flowing of the river and the pouring of the rain—the prosecutor’s limbs jerked frequently, as if he were struggling not to tie himself into knots. His twitching, once-pale face had come over almost as pink as Phoenix’s tie, and his fingers rapped incessantly on whatever surface they came to rest on. When he thought no one was looking (though Phoenix frequently was,) Edgeworth would snake a hand down his side, over to the front of his thigh, and nearly cross his legs.

Only nearly, though. Never did he actually do anything incriminating. Somehow, the iron will of the prosecutor managed to win out over everything... even when the witness enthusiastically took up the subject of waterfalls. (Not to say that the man was entirely unaffected by the subject of waterfalls. When Stagno began describing the “mighty deluge” of the river, and the way the water “emptied ferociously” into the basin below, Edgeworth’s eyes squeezed shut, and Phoenix was pretty sure he heard a foot stomp somewhere behind the prosecutor’s desk.) There really wasn't any room for doubt anymore. Water-based terms, no matter how evocative, didn't set off the average man that way.

Long after Maya had tapped Phoenix’s watch and shrugged, marking the passage of ten minutes, the testimony ran on. When it was at last time for the cross-examination, Phoenix looked Edgeworth in the eye from across the courtroom. The prosecutor glared his longest, darkest glare. Phoenix smiled. How long could Edgeworth’s iron will hold out? Curious, and amused, and turned on in the most baffling way, the defense attorney resolved at that moment to question Stagno on everything. Detail after detail, nothing would go unexamined. Who knew? Perhaps he’d actually find something to turn the trial around along the way.

“Papa Stagno,” Phoenix began, lingering over each syllable, “you say that the river was ‘swollen’ on the day of the murder. Can you tell us more about that?”

“Si, si! On that day, Il Boccagrande was running high from his mouth to his waterfall. I am surprised, still, that he never overflowed....”

Maya never actually stood up and took her place beside Phoenix on the defense’s stand during the cross-examination. She was absolutely consumed with mirth. Phoenix found a way to needle every detail Stagno had thrown into his testimony, and Edgeworth was powerless to respond. In words, anyway. The twitching at suggestive river-related terms proved that he was still listening, though he had fallen almost entirely silent. The only sounds that came from the prosecution’s side of the room for the entirety of the ordeal were heavy breaths and the quiet click of heeled dress shoes against the marble floor.

Eventually, Phoenix returned to pertinence:

“Can you tell us what exactly you could see of the murder from your vantage point?” He couldn’t say he’d begun to take pity on Edgeworth, exactly... but the trial had to conclude eventually, and all the unnecessary pressing didn’t seem to be getting him anywhere on any front.

“Ah, well, Signor Spinoso... Papa Stagno saw it all!” For the first time, the witness sounded less-than assured. For the hundredth time, Edgeworth glared between the defense and the witness and furtively bit his swollen lip. “He saw this Mortimer—a frightful man!—he saw him toss the young Marina in the water! He saw her carried like so much spazzatura down in the flood, down over the gushing waterfall... he heard her scream, and she disappeared! That’s all there is to it, Signor Spinoso. All of it.”

This was it—precisely the lie he’d been waiting for! Phoenix was quite sure that Stagno couldn’t have seen the bank clearly and a body being carried all the way down the river, not if what he’d glimpsed from afar was true. Stagno was the only man purported to have actually seen Douglas throw Ms. Fontes in the water.... Even without the evidence, he had to try. He had to object, to cast doubt on Stagno at the very least—

“OBJECTION!”

All the eyes in the courtroom turned sharply on the prosecution. (Even Maya’s, though she had to crawl around the corner of the defense’s desk to look.) Phoenix’s own objection died in his throat as he watched.

“Your Honor,” Edgeworth began, voice as taut as a bowstring, “the prosecution... would like... to request... a ten-minute recess.” The Judge raised his eyebrows into his non-existent hairline.

“Mr. Edgeworth! The prosecution has been granted a recess already! What is the meaning of this?" The blank expression that came over Edgeworth’s face nearly had Phoenix laughing, too.

“Er... Your Honor...” Edgeworth began, running a hand through his silvery hair and leaning almost double over the prosecution’s desk, “you must admit that it is extremely warm in this courtroom, and that the... w-witness... is a man of advanced years. No doubt he needs a water break after such... lengthy... t-testimony....”

“Perhaps you’re right... but two recesses seems a little excessive to me!” The Judge proclaimed. “What is the defense’s stance on this matter?”

“Hmm....” Phoenix hummed loudly, and affected his best “thinking” face. He locked eyes with Edgeworth after a good thirty seconds. Somehow, the sheer force of Edgeworth’s gaze hadn't yet set him on fire. “I suppose that the defense has no objections....”

“Very well. Court will reconvene after ten minutes. But neither party is to speak to their clients or witnesses at this time.”

With a sound bang of the gavel, the court dispersed. Maya popped up from behind the defendant’s table and looked out across the courtroom.

“Well, I guess that’s over,” Phoenix mumbled. On the other side of the room, Edgeworth was trying (and failing) to act as if he weren't running for his life as he bolted out the door. Maya doubled over in laughter as soon as he’d escaped. “Can I have my shirt back? I’m going to go downstairs and change.”

“Oh my God, did you see him? I thought he was going to punch the bailiff on his way out!” She cried. Chortling, Maya handed over the fresh shirt. “Oh man. Edgeworth’s never going to live that down.”

Phoenix chuckled his agreement before heading off towards the back stairs with his shirt. He’d discovered them after one of his first trials at this courthouse: His shirt had become soaked with sweat, just like today, and he’d been desperate to change before he left. After about an hour of awkward traipsing around the crowded public toilets on the first floor, Phoenix had wandered down the set of disused stairs and discovered a single-person bathroom on the bottom floor containing an old sink, toilet and urinal. It had been locked when he’d first come upon it, but was opened simply enough with a coin, and had essentially become his ever since. No one else seemed to visit it; Phoenix had even gone so far as to bring in his own cleaning supplies, so neglected was his little corner of the courthouse.

With the nine minutes or so left in the recess, Phoenix took the time to take off his tie, shirt and undershirt, and scrub himself off with a handful of wet paper towels. He’d become absolutely rank during the trial, and definitely couldn’t afford to dry clean two sweat-soaked shirts.

He definitely couldn’t afford the medical bills associated with jumping clear out of his skin, either, so it was fortunate that Phoenix just avoided it when someone began twisting his bathroom’s door handle. Before he could tell whoever it was to move along, that “whoever” began knocking with impatient violence, and forced out some words:

“Nrrrgh.... Open up, please....”

Phoenix recognized that voice and its absurd attempt at composure.

“Uh... Edgeworth?”

“Wright?!” Phoenix could practically hear Edgeworth’s scowl through the door. He did hear a pair of expensive dress shoes tapping frantically against the concrete outside, and a string of German words hissing from between clenched teeth. The door handle began turning frantically again. “Open this damned door!” Phoenix didn’t even try to disguise his shout of laughter.

“Why’s that, O Great Prosecutor?” He asked lightly. “Something you need to say to me?”

“Wright, for God’s sake....”

“What’s that?”

“...It’s... ngh... my affairs are no concern of yours!” Edgeworth shot back. Phoenix laughed again.

“Oh, was that an ‘affair’ of yours? Almost pissing yourself in front of the whole courtroom?” Phoenix chuckled. He may or may not have heard actual growling on the other side of the bathroom door. “Wow. I really didn’t think you could invent pretentious labels for everything....”

“Wright... you will... open the door this instant, or I’ll—I’ll—!”

“You’ll do what, exactly?” Phoenix couldn’t remember the last time he’d been so amused. “Hate to break it to you, but I think I’m the one in a position to bargain here.”

“What the Hell are you rambling about?!”

Phoenix picked up his undershirt, shook it sharply, and pulled it on with thoughtful slowness. “Well... you need me to let you in, don’t you?”

“Nrrrgghhah—!”

“I’ll take that as a yes. Now, I could just let you in... but I think I’d like something from you first.”

“Whatever... it... issss....” Edgeworth’s voice seemed unwilling to remain in its usual measured baritone, and was creeping up into a treble-ish whimper. “No... a thousand times, no... I don’t ‘need’ anything from you!”

“Really? Well I guess you can just find another bathroom, then, can’t you? You’ve got almost seven minutes left....” Phoenix snickered, and waited, listening, as he picked up his fresh shirt. Ginger steps moved a little ways from the door, only a few feet down the hall by the sound of it, and returned again almost immediately. There was a long near-silence, filled with the subtle music of shifting fabric and creaking leather. Just when the defense attorney had begun to wonder if his prosecutorial adversary given up, or even—God forbid—finally wet himself, there was a loud thud on the other side of the door, and Edgeworth spoke again. His voice was low and close, almost sneaking into the room with Phoenix.

“Please... Phoenix, please, I need to... just... please, spare me this humiliation....”

Admittedly, Edgeworth did a good job at appealing to Phoenix’s bleeding heart. But a determined defense attorney, even one like Phoenix Wright, who had effectively taken almost all of his cases pro bono, didn’t give up in the face of a little begging.

“I will, Edgeworth, I will... if you get me another day in the Douglas trial.”

“What?!” The trembling treble had returned with a vengeance. “Th-this... this is extortion!”

“I know. Funny, isn’t it? I’d really thought you’d’ve got something like this over on me long before I could do it to you.”

Another growl ramped up into frantic speech. “I’ll have you held in contempt of court... disbarred—!”

“I’d love to see you explain that to the bar association.” Phoenix grinned at the thought. “‘Oh, but you must remove him from practice at once, Madam President! Mr. Wright got in the way of my affairs....’”

“I swear to God, Wright... if I believed in your... fatuous client’s innocence... I would assist you... but I do not, and I cannot, and... Holy Christ—!”

“Hey, don’t you think you should be nice to me and my client right about now?” Phoenix cut into the hard, wheezing breaths on the other side of the door. “Or don’t you mind ruining that fancy pink suit of yours?”

“You... you... nrrrgh... mein Gott....”

“Come on, Edgeworth. You know you want to! Just one more day. Just a few more hours to find the truth, and the bathroom’s all—”

“Heh.”

If Phoenix had been interviewed just then—though, thankfully, he wasn’t, what with the undone shirt and the slight tumescence in his pants—he would have said that the very last thing he'd expect to hear from Edgeworth was a laugh. Enraged swearing? Yes. Whining and tears? They were a distinct possibility. But laughing? What could possibly induce a man on the verge of total humiliation to laugh?

“Um... Edgeworth?”

“Heh, heh... heh ha ha ha ha!”

Oh, shit. He’s gone insane.

“Ohh, I’ve got you now, Wright!”

“Uhh....” Phoenix didn’t like the sound of that. Nor did he like the sound of metal scraping against the lock of the door. Nor the sound of the spring giving way, nor the bang of his bathroom door against the concrete wall outside, nor, even, the secondary bang when it slammed shut again.

With nowhere else to go—he didn’t really have the nerve to escape into the courthouse with with his shirt still hanging open—Phoenix decided he should just get out of Edgeworth’s way. He dodged right, only to find himself being pushed roughly back to the other side of the room in front of the mirror. Rather than planting himself in front of the urinal (the expected choice, and, therefore, Phoenix thought, the last one Edgeworth would make,) Edgeworth unzipped and ripped his pants down and dropped onto the toilet with his hands over his face.

The defense attorney, meanwhile, stared into the corner of the room and started trying to do up his cuff buttons with limited success. After a good thirty seconds with no sounds at all but Edgeworth’s quiet wheezing, Phoenix snuck a glance over his shoulder. Edgeworth was still sitting there, breathing, and... nothing else.

“Shut up, Wright,” the prosecutor hissed, without looking up.

Phoenix lifted his hands in protest. “I definitely didn’t say anything.”

“Just... nghhhh....” If he’d ever sounded on the verge of tears, it was then. A whine caught in Edgeworth’s throat, and he shook his head in his hands.

Phoenix turned away again and tried to focus on his shirt again. Could he do anything to help? Did he really want to? Well, yes. He always wanted to help his friends when they were really in trouble, regardless of how prickly and pig-headed they could be, but... what could he do, exactly?

When nothing more than a few more barely-audible whimpers had escaped by the time he was finished doing up his shirt, Phoenix turned around and took half a step closer to his broken rival. He’d never seen anything quite as pathetic as this: a grown man crouched low on a dilapidated old toilet, practically sobbing into his hands. It painted a more pitiful picture than any witness on the verge of conviction, than any ramen-deprived Maya—and all this from the Demon, the genius; the man who embodied perfection more than any von Karma ever had. All this from his friend, a man he'd cared about for nearly eighteen years. He had to do something....

“Hey, Miles,” Phoenix began, in his best attempt at a soothing voice, “are you...?”

Without warning, the deluge began. A shaking breath later, Edgeworth’s hands fell from his flushing face, and an obscene groan ripped from his throat. The prosecutor’s iron frame at last began to relax, and he leaned fully against the dusty porcelain tank behind him, head tipped back and mouth slightly open. Thankfully his eyes were still tightly-closed, so he didn’t have to witness Phoenix whipping back around into his corner, trying his hardest to downplay a sudden displacement of blood.

The defense attorney did his best to center himself by doing up his tie, but found it difficult, what with the shaking hands and the sounds of relief flooding his ears. When the sounds, at last, tapered to a trickle, then finally stopped, Phoenix had bungled his Windsor knot about four times and was left staring, wide-eyed, at his own reflection. He heard the toilet flush and five hundred-dollar trousers being zipped up, even steps approaching him, and was pushed firmly out of the way once more as Edgeworth commandeered the sink.

“You are a fool, Wright, thinking that you could extort me,” the prosecutor remarked languidly. “Don’t think that I won’t be reporting you for this.”

Phoenix had given up on his tie. When Edgeworth had pushed him aside, he had, of course, looked at him. He’d looked all the way down his frame, in fact.

“Umm... Edgeworth....”

“To even think that a respectable defense attorney would employ such degenerate tactics!”

“Edgeworth....”

“Perhaps if you’d approached me about your thoughts regarding Mr. Stagno’s deposition with some civility, we might have worked something out. But I’m afraid we’ve come too far for that. This case will be closed today, and you will—”

“Edgeworth!”

“What?” The prosecutor snapped, looking at Phoenix at last. Phoenix was making a vague pointing gesture that did, eventually, draw Edgeworth’s gaze downward, in the direction of his legs. His eyes widened, his face blanched, and a hand convulsively raked through his grey hair, all as realization dawned.

There was an obvious wet spot on the front of his trousers. Not a small one, either, but a great, dark stain that emanated radially from a point near his inseam and snaked all the way down to his mid-thigh. Suddenly, the Genius Prosecutor was on the verge of collapse again.

“So,” Phoenix grinned, “how about that extra day?”

###

Phoenix made it back into the steaming courtroom with about ten seconds to spare. His tie was barely tied, and his hair nowhere near its usual spikiness, but he’d made it. The Judge looked around the assembly in bemusement.

“Has anybody seen the prosecution?”

“Yes, Your Honor,” Phoenix supplied. “Mr. Edgeworth took ill during the recess and was obliged to leave. The defense moves that court be adjourned for today and reconvene tomorrow.”

The Judge shrugged, though his inflated sleeves rendered the gesture almost unnoticeable. “Very well. An extension will be granted for this case due to these unforeseen circumstances. Court will reconvene tomorrow at 10 AM.”

With a bang of the gavel, an unhappy crowd was dismissed, and an ecstatic Maya began bouncing up and down on the balls of her feet.

“That was amazing, Nick! Looks like you won’t have to hide from Mr. Douglas anymore!” She beamed. “But... what happened to Edgeworth? And your old shirt?”

Phoenix smiled. “Sometime, Maya,” he said sagely, “you’ll find that someone else's needs are greater than yours.”
