Nowhere to go for a street vendor girl.

Author: huberp76

*000*2020-07-06 21:09

My friends sister worked sometimes as street vendor.

She is a student and did earn money for this job , a few times in the year.

My friend knows that i like it if girls are desperate to pee, he knows that I love it if girls have to hold a full bladder for hours.

He told me that his sister is always desperate if he pick her up at the evening to bring her home from her vendor job, because she don’t have a chance to pee all day long.

After holding it since early morning, she always runs to the loo as soon as they were at home at evening, he said.

He did offer to me to pick her up next time to bring her home.

He said that he knows that she would like that, because he knows that she likes me.

“Make her hold, I know that you like that” he said “she will be to shy and to proud to admit that she would need to wee.”

“She will hold it with all her power if you bring her afterwards somewhere where she can’t go, especially if she is with you, she will try to hide her need and she will suppress her urge.”

She would not even admit that she is needing to go, not even if i ask her if she has to go, he knows his sister very well, he said .

He told me that she was the only one who did not go to the bathroom all day, at family outings and that she did tease him if he went twice.

”Make her hold it , torture her, don’t let her pee, as punishment for teasing me and for fun for you ” he said.

He would tell her that he would have no time to pick her up and that i would do that for him.

His sister was a pretty and sexy girl and to know that she would have a bladder full from the day in her bell when i pick her up, at evening, would be more than a dream for me.

(continue)

I

*001*2020-07-07 13:50

Part 2

On this special day, i went at evening to the city where my friends sister worked.I had to drive about 45 minutes to pick her up.

On the way i could see that there were roadworks a opposite roadside and that there would be a traffic jam, on the way home.

As i arrived, she was waiting for me and for someone like me, who love it to see girls holding it, it was clear visible that she was needing to go.

I could see it on her moves, how she was standing and on the way she walked.

Maybe she could hide her need from other peoples, but not from me.

She was really a great girl, tall, very slim and a pretty face.

She did wear a super short cut of jeans with low waist and a shirt.

Her slender legs and her belly were nude, she looked so sexy that a nearly could not speak.

”Hello, nice to see you and thank you for picking me up.“ she said.

I told her that i would love it to do that for her.

I really, really did love it, i had not to lie.

Oh my god, such a pretty girl and she was needing to wee.

On the way to my car, i told her that i would like to stop at a coffee shop, to have more time to spend and to talk with her.

She was really full and she was needing to wee really bad, but she did agree.

First she hoped to get home as soon as possible, to take a much needed pee, but then she thought to herself, that her bladder had to endure one hour more, to take the chance to spend time with me.

She was sitting beside me, rubbed her knees and squeezed her wonderful naked thighs, with her hands.

Not really obvious, but for me clearly , that she did suffer a strong urge.

I loved it and i wanted more of it, i wanted to talk about it.

I looked at her and asked “are you needing to wee?”

She looked back a little bit embarrassed and said “oh no, i am just a little bit died from standing all day long.”

My friend was right, she did not even admit if I ask her directly and so it would not be a risk to stop at a coffee shop, she would be to shy and to proud to go to the toilet.

At the coffee shop, I ordered coffee and a large glass juice with soda.

We were sitting in the garden and i could see how she pressed her thighs together and how restless she was.

Her urge was so strong and maybe so painful, that she was no more able to hide it.

”You are needing to wee pretty bad! Don’t you? i asked.

”Yes, i would need to wee, but i can hold it until home “ she answered.

”Are you sure? It looks really urgently!” i asked again.

”Yes!!! I am sure, i am not a little girl “ she answered a little bit angry.

I love to hear that, i did love that she did drink and hold.

After that talk she could not go, she had to hold it, even she would be full to burst, she would lose her face if she would go now.

I had all the time of the world, we had a good talk and she was needing to wee so bad that she could absolutely not hide it anymore, but she did not go to the toilet!

One and a half hour later we went to the car. She was standing with her great legs tight crossed, until i opened the door.

”You are about to burst, aren’t you?” I asked.

”Yes, I am really full, but don’t worry, i can hold it, it is not even one more hour.” she answered.

”Okay, it is your bladder, but keep my seat dry!” I said and smiled.

She did get more and more restless, she did bend over and squeezed her thighs very hard, she pressed her hands at her crotch.

”Should i stop anywhere?” i asked totally aroused.

I did not really wanted to stop, to let her pee, i wanted more to tease her and i was a little bit afraid that she would piss on my seat.

”Why are you asking me? I told you that i am holding it until home , stop asking me!” she said.

”It is just like it looks like you piss yourself “ i answered.

Some minutes we came to the road works and to the traffic jam.

“Oh my god, how long will that last?” she wanted to know.

”About 30 minutes i think, but it doesn’t matter, i like to spend time with you “ i said.

”Me too, but my bladder will burst, if i can’t go soon “ she said and opened the button of her shorts.

”I am sorry, I should not have drink the coffee and this large mineral.” she said and caressed her bulging bladder.

She opened the second button of her shots, to give her bladder more room.

Her belly was swollen and her bladder was bulging out like crazy.

”Oh my god! How much are you holding down there?” I asked.

”I don’t know, but definitely to much!” she said.

I could not get enough, I wanted more so i asked “ how long are you holding it?”

”Since 7 a m and i am needing to wee since before noon, but that was not the real problem, this coffee and this extra large mineral, what you made me drink on my already full bladder is my problem.

It is torture total for me and my bladder. That hurts so bad that it is hardly to endure.” she said.

”Your belly and your bladder is so amazing! May i touch it?” I asked.

”It looks like you enjoy to see me suffer like this?!” she said.

”Yes, i am sorry but i love it, I love it so much, you can’t not even imagine how sexy you are, desperate like that.

“You look always sexy, but you are much more sexy, if you need to wee like this, do you let me touch your belly?” I was beginning.

”Yes, but don’t press and push on it! I’ll pee my shorts, if you would do that!” she said.

”You can piss everywhere if you want, in your shorts, on my seat on my hand, but the best would be if you hold it.

You make me total crazy with your bladder so full “ i said and pressed soft on her big, rock hard and totally overfilled bladder.

Min while we had passed the road working part and we was on the country road.

We were both crazy, she from needing to wee and i from hornyness.

I pressed and pushed her bladder, she was shaking from needing to go.

10 minutes later she begged me to stop, because she was start to leaking.

”I can’t anymore, it’s coming out, i absolutely can’t hold it any longer, let me piss somewhere, my bladder hurts so bad, i think it will burst in a few minutes, if you don’t let me go!” she was begging.

I could see a dark and wet patch between her thighs.

I had to stop now, or she really would have pissed herself, but i had to ask her, i wanted to hear it” can’t you really hold it anymore? ,You said that you would be able to hold it until we are at home. I think i should drive you home.”

”Oh no i can’t no more, let me pee, please let me go “ she begged.

She had her hand inside her shorts and pressed one finger hard on her peephole.

I did drive from the country road away in a little wood.

As soon as i stopped, she opened the door, pushed her shorts down and started to piss before she could squat.

She pissed and pissed , it was hissing out from her slit finger thick.

After she was empty, she was standing up, she had no panties under her shorts, her shorts were under her knees and she was totally naked in front of me.

Her slit was still wet from her, strong smelling wee, but i had to fuck her, there was no other way, i simply had to and she did love it too.

After a while, we fucked a second time!

*003*2020-07-13 21:58

{{On 7/7/2020 at 6:52 PM, Lameone24 said:

That was absolutely awesome.

}}

Thank you, i am glad that you like it.

