Continental Road Trip - VERY EARLY DRAFT FOR FEEDBACK PURPOSES ONLY

Author: Hello There

*000*2025-03-16 20:09

Hey all! So I've tangled with writing stories before, and I've even given some desperation descriptions a go. Previously this was only ever personal work, I was just having a bit of fun. But I have decided to give a proper story a go, and a desperation/omorashi themed one at that!

This story I want to be decently long - bordering a novel. It will be a romance story about two people driving from the North of England to Italy (and back) in a campervan. I may change their names in the future, I like the idea of having both main characters have unisex names and having a version with limited descriptions to allow the reader's imagination fill it in with their own desires.

Be advised - this is a very early draft and is by no-means even nearly complete. The story wants for nothing but feedback and will likely not be an overly thrilling read. I'll update this thread as I update the story.

Current features:

- Two main characters introduced - SUBJECT TO CHANGE

- Pretence of story explained - SUBJECT TO CHANGE

- PATIAL desperation scene (IN EXTREMELY DEHIDRATED PISS-ORANGE TEXT)

Enough pretext, let's shove what I have so far onto the photon emitters you call your screen.

Jamie and Miah’s Journey to the South of France - this title is a placeholder

Chapter One – A Hurried Morning

I had known Miah for almost a year now – chatting on-and-off on various social media platforms, sharing memes and talking about just about anything that came up in our feeds that we thought each other would be interested in. We first met at work, a simple 9-5 office job filing records. Miah had worked there for around a year when I started and we immediately understood one another. It was almost as though we were best-friends reunited. She left a few months later to work as a horse-keeper, chasing her dream of owning her own tourism farm. Only Miah never desired for it to be a working farm, but wanted to look after the animals until their natural end. I always admired her for following her dream – it was clear just how passionate she was about it even before she left her 9-5. I was still working at the office, and Miah still asks about everyone there. That’s just her nature, she cares about everyone she has known, and would never forget a face or name.

A week last Tuesday, Miah shared a post with me about a couple who had driven from their home in Dortmund to Morocco in a 1980’s Volkswagen Passat, and then drove back to Germany. It got us talking, or rather typing, about how great it must’ve been for them – all the sights, sounds, people, and especially the food! Then I posed the question – why don’t we do something similar? This wasn’t intended to be a serious suggestion, and Miah knew this, but she then asked the question back, clearly meaning it. 

She knew I had two weeks off coming up with no plans, and Miah can get time off almost whenever she wants it seems. So that was it. We are to go on an adventure of our own, from our homes in -----, UK to Naples, Italy. Hardly as impressive as our inspiration, but we think it’s best to start off simple. Miah and I have plotted a route, accounting for approximately seven hours of shared driving each day, and we are doing this in a Citroën C15 Camper that we had specifically sourced for our journey.

I was looking after the Camper, so it naturally falls to me to drive to Miah’s house to pick her up. It’s 06:48 in the morning, my bags are packed and loaded into the Camper, and I’m sipping my deeply unsatisfying coffee. The prior evening I had failed to consider that by packing the coffee into my duffle bag first, I was ensuring that I would only be able to have the decaffeinated coffee from my kitchen cupboards in the morning.

I take a final sip of disappointment, walk it to the kitchen, pour it down the sink, sponge the cup down, turn the TV off and leave the house desperate for a proper brew. I walk up the street to where I had to park the Camper last night – parking was always something of a difficulty on my street. It is a warm, claggy July Morning after a long evening of rain. The clouds hang low and at best trap, and at worst add, to the humidity. As I enter the Camper, my remembering of the vehicle’s distinct lack of air-conditioning only serves to add to my disappointment – a feeling that, despite its best efforts, failed to take away my excitement for the fortnight ahead.

Chapter Two – Miah, the Van and I

I start the engine, and it trembles and rattles into a sort of life. If the van makes it to Naples it’ll be impressive, if it makes it back home it’ll be nothing short of a miracle. Still, it’s the best we could find given our limited budget and deadline. I turn the blowers to full, in denial that it’ll only serve to charge hot, humid air into my half-awake face. I can relate to the engine’s reluctance this morning, the motor needing for refined petroleum and me needing for coffee – proper coffee. I am to meet Miah by her house – a 28 minute drive away – in 15 minutes. So I have two choices – drive straight to Miah and be late, or go to a drive-through, get us both a coffee, and be late. The decision is an obvious one. I message Miah to let her know I’m running behind and to ask her what she wants to drink, hoping that she will have replied by the time I get to the café.

I hear my phone ping as I pull into the drive-through. I get to the ordering-booth and order myself a large Mocha. I check my phone to see that Miah has indeed replied, to say that my message woke her up and that she would be so very, very grateful if I were to get her an excessively large Mocha. After working together for a few months you’d think that we’d have realised we get the same coffee. £13.60 later, I have a moment of pondering how two brews can cost so much. The moment I am passed two Mochas, I realise how two brews can cost so much. They are huge – my own a large and Miah’s an aptly named “mega-size”. This must be an American establishment, and this should more than make up for any lack of coffee in the morning.

I very tentatively drive to Miah’s house, concerned that I may spill two pints and a half of coffee all over our new home. I drive onto her street, not entirely sure which house is hers. As I park up, half mounted on the pavement of the significantly narrow street, I see a door swing open, seemingly untamed by any person. Then I see Miah hurry out of the door, an olive-green suit case and brown back pack both in hand. She is wearing dark brown leggings, an interesting choice for the heat and humidity, and a loose, flowy white t-shirt. 

There has clearly been an attempt at bringing her hair under control, but not a very thorough one. Instead, Miah’s long, beautifully brunette waves were shooting off in different directions from her head to her shoulders, and just a little below. Her face looked tired, halfway between lumber and life and Miah’s round brown eyes were mostly open, except for the occasional mostly synchronised blink. She gently twitched her small perky nose and gave a faint smile as we made eye contact.

“Hey” Miah says through the open window of the van, in a deep, morning voice.

“Hey” I return “Howd’you sleep?”

“Not… not good”

“Well, sniff this” – I pass Miah her excessively large Mocha.

“Oh, oh yes” She slightly nods.

Miah places her bags down onto the floor of the Camper from the rear door, walks around to the passenger door and slumps herself into the seat. She is visibly grateful for the coffee, and drinks it at quite a rate. Though I’m hardly one to judge – I’ve almost finished mine already. I put the van back into gear and set off gingerly. We approach the end of her street and as I look from side-to-side to check for traffic, I can’t help but notice Miah’s discomfort. She’s clearly not had a pleasant morning.

“At least you can sleep in the van for a while” I reassure her.

“That I can. But first… coffee”.

After only five minutes or so, we’ve both finished our drinks. I already feel as though I could use a rest-stop to relieve my bladder, but I just put that down to the nerves and excitement. We continue driving in silence, it’s obvious that Miah needs quiet to wake up in her own time. As soon as we make it into the countryside, Miah falls asleep, her breathing a soft whisper by my side. I drive intentionally gently so as to not wake her. She looks surprisingly comfortable to say she’s in the front of the smallest campervan either of us have seen. I feel I could do with another coffee, so I pull into the next café carpark that we come across. I park up so smoothly that Miah is still asleep – something I must admit I am quite proud of. I softly close my door behind me and make my way over to the café. I order myself an Espresso and make my way over to the bathrooms to relieve myself. By the time I come back out, my drink is ready. I take it to the van and set-off once again.

Chapter Three – As yet un-named (and unfinished)

Miah stirs slightly and looks over at me, then looks down at my Espresso.

“Oh, brewed without me I see” She gently says, almost whispering and clearly just awoken.

“A… yes, well, I though you’d value the sleep more”

“You thought correct, my dear friend”

A few seconds later, Miah stirs again and her legs twitch slightly. As we continue driving, Miah’s stirring and twitching continues progressively, each movement slightly more distinct that the last.

“Jamie… I have an admission to make” Miah’s voice sounds both ashamed and friendly.

“A bad one?” I jest

“Hmm, a terrible one. I… I forgot to empty my infamously small bladder before we…” Miah seemed suddenly interrupted by something briefly and then continued in a distinctly more serious tone “before we set off”

“Ah. Well then that’s just not on Miah”

“I know, but do you think you could forgive me, and pull up into the next services we come accross?”

“Well, I don’t know about that Miah. I just don’t see how any of this is my fault”

“I know, but… … it’s really quite urgent actually.” Miah’s tone quickly shifts more serious “Can we stop with the banter and find a bog?”

“Banter? What banter?”

“Very funny you nob”

“Fine. I shall pause our progress at the next suitable location for bladder relief”

“Wow. Thanks Jamie”

Miah’s movements are quite pronounced now, and her thighs are tensing and untensing whenever they are not shaking. We continue driving along, looking for somewhere for Miah to relieve herself. After a while, Miah tugs at her seatbelt to move it away from her bladder. She continues to hold it off from her body, her legs moving from side-to-side and up and down in an almost rhythmic pattern. She suddenly winces and her eyes narrow. Her legs come tightly together and she lifts herself slightly out of her seat. She settles back down and looks at down at her legs. For the first time in a while she sits still, until a few seconds pass and she quickly goes back to bouncing her legs around, her tight leggings clinging onto her skin in the humid air. Miah knows there’s nothing either of us can do.

The time is now 08:56 – approaching an hour and a half since we set off from Miah’s house. Miah’s movements are becoming frantic before she lifts herself out of her seat and pulls the front of her leggings up seemingly as tight as she could in the confined space. I imagine how the centre seem of her leggings must be pressing into her, helping to psychologically stem the increasingly intense pressure from within. I can’t help but feel excited, but also bad for her. Part of me would love to just continue driving until Miah could hold it no more, though I could never justify prioritising my own pleasure over Miah’s struggle. I try to make conversation in an effort to help pass the time for Miah.

“So how’s it going at the farm?” I enquire

“It… it’s going… good”

“It must be nice to be working outside”

“J… just a bit. It’s m… much nicer than being locked away with thousands of files”

I let out a small, intentional chuckle “Any new fun stories?”

“Ey… ah… erm… well, someone called Georgie…” Miah then whispers under her breath “of all the times to be telling this story” and continues “She pissed herself the other day. I… I hope I don’t follow”

“Pissed herself? How?”

“W… well… there are no toile… … toi… hm… near the horses. She was tending t… to Freddie and d… dancing around. Freddie lea… leaned into her and pressed her bladd… bl… bladder, and… an… yeah” Miah was tensing and shuffling with each pause in her speech.

“Freddie’s a horse I assume”

“Mmm-hm”

“Ooof… Hoof, I suppose”

Miah’s not amused.

