One escort girl for 2 boys!!

Author: huberp76

*000*2023-06-26 19:02

2 boys love girls desperate to pee.

Since they can remember they get turned on very much about girls who are needing to wee, but did not go, could not go, or were not allowed to go.

They had some experiences in the school were girls were desperate, because they did not get permission to go to the toilet and they had some experiences were they made girls wait and hold, but the chances were very rare.

They decided to finde a girl who was ready to hold it for them and maybe she let them torture her full bladder.

If they would not find a maso girl, they would have been ready to pay for that.

They did read at a special page at the internet „young escort girl comply and satisfy all wishes, even they are especially.“

That sounds good, they thought, but pee holding and bladder torture maybe a bit to much special?

She looked very nice and cute at the fotos and therefore they decided to try it and wrote that they are 2 boys and they would like to rent her for one evening and one night.

The girl was private, she had no agency and she was young in one’s job, but she agreed although it was her first time with 2 boys.

They met for a dinner at a Italien restaurant.

The girl looked great and very sexy in her super short dress.

She was very slim and had pretty slender, naked legs.

They had a good Italian food and they did care that the girl was getting enough to drink and they did try to prevent that she did use the toilet at the restaurant.

She was a student and just some months over 18 and absolutely new in that „job“.

She told them that it was not easy for her to decide to make escort and sometimes a little more, but she is needing the money very urgently.

The boys were as well just a little bit over 18 and were still living at their parents house, therefore they had to take a hotel for the night.

As they arrived in the hotel room, they were all three a little bit nervous and had to calm down.

The boys have never been before with a girl in a hotel and the girl „did it“ never before with 2 boys.

They started to touch and to caress each other, they kissed and stripped slowly their clothes.

The girl had a great, slim very good shaped body.

The boys were young, slim and sporty and were good looking as well.

3 young very sexy naked bodies on the way to one double bed.

”Sorry but i need to the toilet before, i had to many drinks and i was a bit nervous.” Said the girl.

The two boys were hard at the moment and one of them asked “ is it very urgently, or can you wait?”

”It is urgently, but i can wait, but why should i wait?” Asked the girl.

”Because we love it so much if a girl is needing to go, but don’t go! We get turned on so much if a girl suppress her urge and hold it back very long.”Answered the boy.

”I am needing to wee since before we started with the dinner, but i did not want to be unprofessional, i did not want to leave you alone at the table, therefore i did not go to the toilet and wanted to wait until we are at the hotel. But if you like that so much, i don’t go now.” Said the girl.

The boys were glad about it and they went all three to the large double bed and were lying down.

The boys had to be careful not to seem to brutal and to perverse and had to be careful not to destroy the good mood.

”How long do you want that i wait?” Wanted the girl know.

”You wrote at your page, that you satisfy special wishes and we think that pee holding is something special.” Said the boy.

”We pay a good extra money if you hold it for us, if you make your bladder very, very full and if you let us massage your full bladder.” Said the other boy.

”That sounds really crazy, but you 2 are cute and nice and i need the money. I’ll do it for you!! How much money to i get and how long do i have to hold it?” She wanted to know.

Money was not a problem, because one of the boys parents were rich, so could be the offer for the girl good and satisfying, but how long she would have to hold it, she wanted to know.

”As long as absolutely possible, maybe until tomorrow morning.” Said one of the boys.

”Until tomorrow!!!??? You 2 are absolutely crazy.” Said the girl.

“Oh yea, we are crazy about you and your full bladder!” Said the boy.

They caressed the girl with 4 hands, they kneaded her firm breasts, they licked her smooth skin, pushed their fingers in her slit and pressed and pushed in the girls abdomen until she was moaning from needing to wee.

One after the other pushed his penis in the “girlcunt “but they did try not to cum, because they wanted to stay horny all night long.

The girls need became more and more worse and her bladder became more and more visible in her very flat belly.

The boys pressed and pushed on the girls swollen, bulging bladder until she crossed her legs very tight and until was moaning and groaning from needing to wee so bad.

The boys did love it and could not get enough from torturing her poor bladder and pressed harder and harder in and on the girls abdomen.

”Boys, more i can’t stand, that is the limit of my endurance. If you press that hard it feels like my bladder will burst and explode!!” Said the girl and was shaky her body from the effort to hold her wee back inside her.

“Girl, you are so gorgeous, you drive us absolutely crazy, you can’t even imagine how much you turn us on. To do that with a girl what we are doing now with you, is where from we are dreaming since we can remember.” Said one boy.

” You say that you can’t stand more pressure, but i am sure that you can bear up to hold it much longer, i think we should give you a rest period, or better a rest period for your bladder, we should sleep for about 3 or 4 hours and then we should start again with our sexy game.”Said the other boy.

”To sleep for some hours will be a really good idea, but i must necessarily piss before! I can’t sleep with my bladder that full.” Answered the girl and caressed her belly swollen from her so much overfilled bladder.

”Oh no, you will not go to the toilet now, you will wait until early morning.” Said both boys at the same time and made her a offer to pay a extra bonus for sleeping full.

The girl was needing to wee very bad, her bladder was visible pregnant and hard, but she could not resist, the bonus was to attractive, she did not go to the toilet and she did not pee, she did suffer for the boys and for their pleasure.

The boys did take the girl between them , their bodies were lying like a sandwich, hard pressed together to each other.

The boys could not resist to press “unintended “ in the girls belly to make her moan and to hear her moan.

They “had” to use the situation to have a pretty girl between them, who is needing to wee since hours and to have the opportunity and the chance to torture her and her bladder.

Some hours later they waked up , it was about 4am and the girl wanted to get out of the bed, but they did not let her.

She told them that she has to pee so badly that she can’t take it anymore, she said that she has reached her physical limit and that she would wet the bed if they don’t let her go.

The boys had still not enough, they wanted more and offered her a super bonus for one more hour holding and for “playing “ with her and her sexy overfilled pee ball.

”Try to hold it in as best you can, just for one more hour.” Said the boy.

”I have to pee so badly, it hurts so much.” Said the girl, but she could again not resist about the bonus.

One more hour the boys “played “ with the girl, they pressed and pushed on her belly and tortured her poor, bursting full bladder.

The girl was now at her absolutely limit and how promised, they did let her to the loo and she did let them watch pissing.

It was hissing very loud, it was literally bursting out of her for an unbelievable long time.

After she did her so much needed wee, they went back in the bed and fucked like crazy until the morning.

The girl told them that she never before in her whole life was needing to wee so bad and so painful then before.

The boys told her that they never before saw a girl who was needing to wee so bad and so urgently and that they never before were so aroused and so horny.

At the morning they did leave the hotel together, all 3 were satisfied and happy and all 3 agreed that they will meet again.

I think the girl agreed for another reason than the boys.

*001*2023-06-29 13:40

Did someone of you had a similar experience, a experience where a girl was payed for holding?

