The Onenightgirl

Author: huberp76

*000*2023-07-03 18:57

Late afternoon was a young man in a coffee shop at a shopping mall.

At the next table to him was a girl sitting . She was alone at her table.She was dressed very sexy and did show a lot of her young, smooth skin.

She was exactly the type of girl what he liked, young, just a little over 18, very slim and boyish.

She was a little bit slutty too, but that was pretty good as well for that reason he wanted to use her.

He smiled at her and she smiled back, that was enough for him that he started to talk with her.

The young man had his own business, a large house and adequate money.

He invited her for a dinner and for to stay overnight for one night.

The girl did not need a long time to think about it, she agreed and did know very well what he wanted to do with her. Probably she wanted to do the same with him.

After dinner they went to his house and spent a nice evening, with cocktails, videos.

They stripped each other to nearly naked and were lying on the sofa.

They touched each other at all parts of their bodies, they caressed each other and kissed until they were horny enough to go to the sleeping room.

After they fucked extensive, they slept the night through.

Next morning he did get up early to make breakfast in his super modern kitchen.

They were sitting opposite of each other and were totally naked.

The sight of her super slim, well shaped body, of her firm small breasts and her shaved young cunt, made him horny and made him want to her fuck.

„We should get back to the the sleeping room.“ he said.

“Yes we should that, but before show me your toilet.“ answered the girl.

“Have you not been at the toilet since you are here?“ asked the guy with a trembling voice.

“No i have not been, i was needing to go before sleeping, but i didn’t go.“said the girl.

“Absolutely great!“ said the guy. „What is great? What do you mean with great?“ asked the girl.

“It is great that you did not pee for so long, i love it so much and it turns me on so much when girls hold a full bladder for a really long time .“ answered the guy.

„When have you weed the last time?“ he wanted to know.

“Before i left my home yesterday, it was about 3pm.“ she replied.

“Oh my god, it is 9 am now, you have not pissed since 18 hours, you drive me crazy girl, you can’t go now to the toilet, you can’t wee before we have sex with your full bladder, you HAVE to hold for me!“ said the guy totally aroused.

His penis was hard and was standing up to his navel.

„I see that you like it that my bladder is overfilled.“ she said and pointed to his boner.

“Okay i don’t go to the loo, i am holding it for you.“ said the girl and smiled.

Some minutes later they were in the bed again. He „played „ with her and with her gorgeous, sexy, skinny body.

The contours of her bladder were already visible bulging out from her thin belly.

He caressed her, he leaked over her smooth skin and he kissed her bladder bulge and pressed his lips hard on it until she was moaning.

On one hand he wanted to fuck her at the moment, but on the other hand he wanted to make her hold longer and to fill her bladder fuller.

One hour later said the girl „ i think that coffee and the orange juice at breakfast was not so good for me full bladder.“ and caressed her swollen belly.

The guy could not resist and started to massage her belly.

“I‘ll wet your bed if you squeeze my bladder.“ she said and was still smiling.

A little later she said „I HAVE to go now, let me out.“

“Oh no, you will not go!!!“ he said and started to fuck her hard and long.

After that full bladder fuck, it was sure that she was not only a onenightgirl!!

