The shopping trip!

Author: huberp76

*000*2024-06-11 10:27

A boy met a friend with the friends girlfriend for a shopping trip.

It was early afternoon as they were waiting for the bus.

The girl did wear just a shirt and a short skirt, her sexy legs were naked and tight crossed while they were waiting.

”Is she needing to to wee?” he asked his friend silently.

”Oh yes she is needing to wee since already before noon.” answered the guy calmly.

”We should bring her to a toilet before she wet her panties.” said the friend.

”Don’t worry about her, she has a strong bladder and she is good trained to hold it, she can wait until we are at home at evening.” answered the boy.

” But i don’t understand, why didn’t she already wee when she is needing to go since hours?” asked the friend aroused about that circumstance.

”The answer is very simple, i don’t let her!!

I love it when we are out and her bladder is very full, i love it when she is needing to wee very badly.

She gets for me so sexy when she is desperate to pee. It turns me on so much to see her cross her legs and to see her fight against her raising urge.”answered the boy.

”That is amazing that she can bear up until evening, that is nearly unbelievable that she can endure it not to wee for so much longer, can she really stand it?” asked the friend.

”She can and she has to!!

And then when we are at home, i don’t let her to the toilet before we have a long, heavy sex.

You can’t imagine how she gets wild when she is needing to wee so bad and when she gets fucked so hard with an overfilled bladder in her stomach.”said the guy.

”I like to imagine that and i would love to have a girl like her.” said the friend.

”Can we stay a little longer in the city, can we have a dinner together?” he asked.

”I know very well why you ask me that, you want to see her longer suffer.I see you like girls desperate as well.” answered the guy.

”Oh yes i love them very, very much!!! Doesn’t she have a twin sister?” asked the friend and smiled.

