The School Project!

Author: huberp76

*000*2024-07-16 20:10

A boy and a girl, both over 18, went after school to a coffee shop for to work at a collective school project.

After a while was the girl was getting more and more fluttered. Not really visible, but she crossed her legs, she was rubbing her knees and pressed her thighs hard and tight together.

Nobody would have noticed that normally, but the boy is a specialist for girls who are needing to wee.

Nothing can turn him more on than a girl who is desperate to pee.

He was pretty sure that the girl was needing to wee very urgently, but he wanted to hear it from her and therefore he asked acting innocent „ is something wrong, don’t you feel well?“

“Everything okay, i am just needing to go to the toilet since hours.”answered the girl.

The boys penis was hard at the moment and he didn’t want that she would go to the loo now, but he wanted to talk with her about it.

”Why don’t you go, if you need to go since so long?” he asked full of lust.

”I never go at school and usually i am already at home at that time.” she replied.

”You don’t go to the loo all day long? Your bladder must be pretty large and very strong to endure that !” said the boy already very horny.

”I trained myself for a good bladder discipline and i am already very good in pee holding, but let us stop to talk about my bladder, let us work for our project.” said the girl.

”One more question, you are needing to go already very bad, there is a toilet, why don’t you still not use it?” asked the boy.

” My bladder tortures me already really bad, but i always hold it until i am at home and if it lasts today a little longer, will it be a good training for me. My bladder has to obey, i am the Boss!” replied the girl.

”It seems that my bladder is more important for you than our work.” continued the girl.

”Maybe we should make another project about your bladder, that would be much more interesting for me.” said the boy.

The boy wanted to extend the “working time, working time = holding time “ more and more.

He wanted to see her suffer, he wanted to see her press her hand between her thighs and to bite her lips from needing to wee, that was it what she already did.

One hour later said the girl that they will HAVE to go now.

”You mean that you”YOU have to go” now!!

Have you really not been at the loo for the entire day?” asked the boy.

”Not since 7 am.” answered the girl.

”Okay, then let us stop for today before you are doing it in your panties, but therefore we work tomorrow longer!! And then i invite you to the cinema after work.”said the boy.

It was very clearly for the girl what the boy wanted to do with her and so she said : “ You mean we work tomorrow here in the coffee shop after school and then we go to the cinema and i don’t go to the loo before.

Will that be your project about my bladder? Do you want to make an endurance test?” asked the girl.

