The Fear Wettings Anthology; Part 3: The Monster.

Author: Hypergirl

*000*2022-12-03 01:06

Hey guys this is the third story in my series. It’s much shorter and more to the point than previous ones! Enjoy!

———————————————————

Caitlyn was collecting her things, preparing to leave the bar she was spending the night at with her friends.

“Hey are you sure you don’t want me to walk you home, Caitlyn?” Her friend asked.

“Oh noo! I am totally fine don’t worry about me! My apartment is near i’ll be there in a flash.” Caitlyn said.

“Well you had much to drink, and besides there are rumors that a monster lurks in the dark alleyways after midnight and preys on solo venturers. And it’s half an hour past midnight now. I just wanted to keep you company and make sure you’re safe.” Her friend said putting a hand on her shoulder.

“Ohhh it’s probably just a hoax, i don’t believe any of that none sense! Monsters don’t exist!” Caitlyn said waving her hands dismissively.

“Yeah you might be right.” Her friend said nodding.

“Alright excuse me now i am gonna run! I really need to pee too i drank too much! I can’t believe the bar’s bathroom is under maintenance at a time like this!” Caitlyn said with disappointment in her eyes.

“Alright take care, Caitlyn. And just text me when you get home.” Her friend said worryingly.

Caitlyn then rushed out of the bar door and began walking towards her home. She was wearing pretty tight short denim shorts, a white blouse and white sneakers.

She started shuffling towards an alleyway that she’s supposed to go through to reach her apartment at the other side of the street.

It was pretty dark and she instantly remembered her friend’s words. She looked around carefully but there was nothing.

“Pfftt.. what am i doing! There certainly isn’t a monster lurking around here.” Caitlyn said sarcastically and started moving slowly through the dark alleyway.

Suddenly she saw the manhole in the middle of the alleyway slowly opening. She stopped her advance feeling goosebumps all around her body. Her bladder seemed to have ached harder for a release in her nervousness. She immediately grabbed her crotch.

“Uhh.. probably someone doing maintenance in the sewers.” She said dismissively in order to calm herself down. With a hand over her crotch she started to resume her advance slowly walking close by the opened manhole. She peeked inside but it was dark and she couldn’t see anything.

As she finally seemed to relax and shake her head denyingly while proceeding through the alleyway, a giant hairy hand with black claws emerged from the manhole immediately grabbing her leg.

She started screaming in her shock and what scared her even more is when she looked down at her feet and realized what’s holding her down. A giant ambiguous hairy clawed hand.

Without any warning her bladder began leaking its contents into her shorts. She started uncontrollably wetting her denim shorts in her fear. A small wet dark patch started expanding on the front then quickly expanded around her butt.

She screamed some more as the urine stream grew stronger and it started leaking from both sides of her legs; Flowing down her bare legs and onto the monster’s hairy hand.

The monster didn’t budge and kept holding her legs pinning her down. She looked around quickly and reached for a broken pipe on the wall. She grabbed it and started hitting the monster’s hand while screaming.

The monster finally let go, and as soon as it did Caitlyn trampled on the ground. She immediately looked behind her to find the monster somehow squeezing out of the manhole like a cat. She was mesmerized and couldn’t move a muscle in her fear.

The monster finally came out. It was gigantic standing tall and wide over poor Caitlyn. Its entire body was covered with thick gray hair. Only a pair of red eyes appeared in that mess of a hair. Its dark claws growing longer and longer as it growled at Caitlyn. Somehow something this big as this monster could fit through something as small as a manhole.

Caitlyn couldn’t hold her bladder anymore in her terror, profusely pissing the remainder of her urine in her shorts and all over the ground beneath her creating a puddle that expanded to the monster’s hairy feet.

As soon as the monster looked down at Caitlyn’s puddle touching its feet Caitlyn made a run for it. She crawled backwards quickly and somehow stood up and gained her balance running outside of the alleyway and screaming for help.

She heard distant sirens and started screaming for them to stop. “HELP PLEASE!! SOMEONE HELP ME PLEASE!!”

The police car pulled over and saw Caitlyn running out of the dark alleyway with urine soaked shorts and a urine trail behind her as she screamed and cried.

They quickly pulled her behind them and looked towards the dark alleyway.

“What’s wrong? What are you running from?” The policeman asked.

“A.. a.. a monster!” Caitlyn said between her sobs. Both police officers looked at each other and laughed.

“A monster you say?” One policeman said sarcastically.

“What’s the situation.” A voice over the radio said.

“Uhh not much, we found a girl running soaked in her own urine saying that she was chased by.. a monster ha.” The policeman said.

“Oh it’s one of those days ha.” The voice over the radio said.

“Yup she’s probably drunk, we’ll have a look and then get her back home.” The policeman said then pointed a gun towards the alleyway as he walked slowly inside looking around with his partner.

There was nothing. No sign of anything around. They pulled Caitlyn with them to have a look. She found nothing and even the manhole was closed.

“See anything here that says monster?” The policeman asked.

“Wha..what.. that can’t be! I swear there was a monster here! It was hairy and had these terrible eyes and giant claws!” Caitlyn said in her disbelief.

“Ehh.. you probably had too much to drink tonight. It’s obvious from that wet patch on your shorts.. seems like you already expelled that liquid.” The policeman said as he looked down at Caitlyn’s wet shorts.

Caitlyn was embarrassed and immediately covered her shorts with her hands. Was she actually really hallucinating?

The policemen took her to the police car and put her in the backseat to give her a ride home.

“I.. i am sorry i made your seat wet..” Caitlyn blushingly said.

“Eh it’s fine, you’re not the first. This seat had seen a fair share of wet pants. Mostly drunk people like yourself and other people who are too afraid when they get arrested that they just piss themselves.” The police officer said.

Caitlyn then looked one last time at the alleyway to confirm that there was nothing as they drove off to her house. And there really wasn’t. She believed that these were hallucinations after what her friend had said. She drank too much after all and it was probably the after effects.

‘I am home and you wont believe what just happened to me! I totally just soaked myself in fear! I think your story got to me and i imagined a monster grabbing me in an alleyway. You wont believe it but two officers found me and escorted me home. I sat in my wet shorts the whole ride it was really embarrassing!’ Caitlyn texted her friend and then went for a hot shower to relax.

- - -

Two men were standing in what seemed like a futuristic office. They both wore black fedoras and black coats. One of them was bald and he seemed disappointed.

“Could you explain why didn’t you record the incident at the alleyway near the bar Mr. Rashi?” The bald man asked.

“Well.. i am afraid it didn’t appear on the timeline i am following, Mr. Omo.” Mr. Rashi said.

“Elaborate.” Mr. Omo sharply said.

“It seems like when Amy came out of the backrooms she unknowingly created multiple anomalies, being the sole survivor of the backrooms the realities couldn’t apprehend it. Multiple rifts started to appear all around the globe unleashing different backrooms entities into the world. Thus the monster in the alleyway case.” Mr. Rashi explained.

“Hmmm i see.” Mr. Omo said while nodding.

“I believe that we will have much more random fear wetting incidents right now that deviates from the original timeline. This will make our work much harder. I no longer have an established solid map of the original timeline.. there are a lot of deviations happening even right now.” Mr. Rashi said.

“Fine. Come Mr. Rashi. There is much work to be done.” Mr. Omo said as both men leave the office in a haste.

- - -

*002*2022-12-03 20:13

{{10 hours ago, DerekOmoso said:

Oooh!!!! That was blast to read!!!

I really enjoyed the description of the monster and the ominous cliffhanger ending!!!!

Bravo!!! It was a blast!!!

}}

Thank you so much! Hope you enjoy what’s coming next

*004*2022-12-03 21:57

Thank you so much ^_^

