The soccer game!

Author: huberp76

*000*2024-08-13 08:57

Peter went with his girlfriend and with two of his friends to a soccer game to another city.

They had to go about 2 hours with the car to get there.

The boys were already in the car when they picked up the girl from her work.

Before she was getting in, she whispered something in Peter’s ear, the other boys couldn’t hear it.

They were all very young to that time , just a little bit over 18.

When they were close to the city, Peter stopped at the road and the boys pissed beside the car.

”It is better to piss there because of the toilet problems in the stadium.” said Peter.

As they were back in the car said the girl “that is not fair, i would need to do that as well.”

” You are a girl!” was the short answer of Peter.

What does it mean?

Does it mean that girls don’t need to wee?

That girls have to hold it?

That good girls don’t pee?

Does it mean that girls have to wait until they get a chance to wee, no matter how long it will take and how bad they would need to do it?

Nobody did say anything about it, but the boys did know that the girl had a full bladder and that she was needing to wee.

A little later they were sitting in the stadium. There were some guys who sold snacks and drinks.

They did drink and eat and nobody left the seat for the entire time, not even the girl.

On the way back, Peter stopped as soon as they were out of the down and the boys pissed again.

„That is absolutely not fair, you know very well that i need to the toilet so very urgently and you stop somewhere where i can’t go.“ said the girl to Peter.

„You are a girl, you can hold it! answered Peter.

The girl was sitting with her legs tight crossed. The boys did know that she was needing to wee since hours and that her bladder must have been full to burst, but nobody was talking about it.

Peter brought his friend to his home. He was getting out with him because he had something in the blood.

“Your girl is great and strong!!

She is needing to wee since so many hours, but she is still holding it. She is great and amazing.“ said Peter’s friend.

“ Yes she is really great and strong!

I made her strong, i trained her to hold it, because i love it if girls hold their wee for extreme long, i love it if they have a very full bladder and i love it to have sex with them if they are full to burst and desperate to pee.

And i think that she is extrem full now and that she is needing to wee extreme urgently.

She was begging me before she was getting in the car, to stop for her, to letting her wee somewhere before we go to the stadium, because she was so busy that she had no chance to go to the toilet at her work.

She didn’t wee since 7 am!!“ I can’t wait to come home and to have sex with her.“ said Peter.

“Oh my god, it is 10 pm, she had not pissed since 15 hours, her poor bladder must be near to explode!!! It must be big and hard as a bowling ball!!!answered the friend, visibly horny.

“It seems that you like girls desperate as well.“ said Peter.

“I think every boys loves girls desperate to piss!!!“ replied the boy.

*002*2024-08-19 15:20

Next day called Peter’s friend and asked him if he had a good sex yesterday with his overfilled girlfriend.

“Oh yes it was great !!

As soon as we were at home she wanted to the loo. She was standing in front of the door with tight crossed legs but i didn’t let go inside.

I brought her to the sleeping room, stripped her clothes and laid her on my bed.

Her bladder was already stretched to the size of a big ball and was visible in her sexy, flat, shaped belly.

I fucked her very hard and on and off i pressed very hard on her swollen bladder, to torture it extra from outside and to make her need to piss even worse, it can never be worse enough for me.

Each time i pressed she tensed all her muscles with all her power as hard as she could, to keep her wee inside her and i could feel how she clenched and squeezed my penis with her tight pussy.

It was really, really great!!

I watched her piss after about one hour of hard fucking, it was great as well!

Unbelievable how much that girl pissed with high pressure and unbelievable how much she was holding in her bladder after holding it back for over 16 hours.” told him Peter.

”How that is so hot!

Enviable, you said you made her strong and you trained her to hold it!! How did you do that??” wanted the friend know.

”Very simple, i didn’t let her to the loo when she wanted to go. I tried to prevent her to go. Step by step longer and longer.

First when she wanted to go i told her that she should wait for a better opportunity.

Or i asked if that is really necessary, if she could not wait and hold it until we are at home.

Bit by bit she did know that she would get a good sex each time she obeyed and didn’t go.

She did know that she made me horny with her full bladder and her good holding performance and she did know that she was getting much joy with my horniness.

She did learn that way to hold her wee for hours longer and she did learn to deal with a full bladder.

I extended her holding time more and more and didn’t let her go for longer and longer periods of time.

Sometimes when she wanted to the bathroom in the morning I didn’t let her, i was holding the door shut and didn’t let her in.

I teased her and said” oh no, my girl will not go to the loo, she will not wee that morning.

My girl is a big girl and big girls can hold it and my girl is a good girl as well and good girls don’t pee.

We are at home at afternoon and then you can ask again, but until then you will be my big good girl.

When we were out at the evening, needless to say, that she wanted to the toilet before sleeping, but on and off i didn’t let her go and said that she should hold it back until to the morning for a good early morning sex!

Sometimes she did it although she didn’t wee for many hours before and her bladder was already pretty full.

Now you know what it means to train her bladder.” answered Peter

” By now i think that she likes that “game “ until a definite limit. Sometimes i like to go over that limits.

I think that she would have a chance to use the toilet very well before she was leaving the office, before she was getting in my car for to go to the soccer game, but she wanted to make me horny, maybe you guys as well.

She did talk about her need to pee and about her full bladder, but she didn’t go, she had the chance during the game but she didn’t use it!!

Why??? She did want to demonstrate her her strong bladder and her good holding performance.

She did want to make you boys horny for purpose, she wanted to make you think on her full bladder and about that she is needing to piss since hours and that she is still holding it back.

She knows very well that boys gets turned on about girls who are needing to wee and about girls who are full to burst.

She is a dirty little pee holding slut, she loves to make us boys horny with her overfilled piss bladder and therefore i punish her sometimes and make her hold it over the limit of her endurance, i don’t let her piss although it is nearly unbearable for her. I torture her bladder, i push and press on it until she gets nearly crazy from needing to piss so bad, but i think she is needing that sometimes!!??”continued Peter.

