No wee for a Girl on a Bus Trip

Author: huberp76

*000*2018-12-17 22:08

I try to write my first Story her on OmoOrg. First of all excuse my bad englisch, i´ll try my best.

Since i can remember i get aroused from a full Bladder and from Pee holding, especially long term Holdings.

I always did like it to fill my own Bladder to the bursting point and i love it if a Girl or a Boy ( i am bi ) is desperate to pee and forced to hold it, the longer the more it turns me on. Only to know that someone did not have a chance to pee for a long time and nowhere to go for Hours, is total arousing for me.

A short Experience from my Youth.

My Friend, he was some Years older than me, his Girlfriend, she was a cute, sexy Girl and me, we made a Day Trip by Bus. Late at the Afternoon we made our last Pee Stop before we went back to our Town.

The Girl wanted to get out of the Bus but my Friend took her Hand and said "You not ! You can wait!" She looked at him and said " i am waiting for so long, i need to go".

Final he said " You are a big Girl, you can hold it". She did stay in the Bus although she did know that she could not go for more than 3 Hours.

She was sitting opposite me, she did wear a very short skirt so that i could see her nude Thighs sometimes up to her Panty.

I was total aroused to see her slender, naked Legs, to know that she did need to wee really bad and still had to wait for some Hours more.

I did remember that my Friend made her drink all Day long and she did not even wee one single time. All i could think was how full her Bladder must be, how bad she must have to go, will she endure it for so long till we arrive. There was no other Way for her, she had to endure it!

My Friends Car was on the same Parking Lot where the Bus stopped, we had to go just a few Minutes. The Girl did stand with her wonderful Legs tight crossed till my Friend opened the Tor of his Car. She bended over and said " I am afraid that my Bladder will burst if don't pee in the next Minutes" I was near to cum my Pants.

Next Day my Friend told me that he did take her to his Home, they went straight to his Sleeping Room, her Bladder was full with hot Pee from more than 15 Hours and he still did not let her to the Loo to take a much needed Wee.

He "played" with her overfilled Bladder, pressed and pushed on it and made her wait and hold for Hours more.

I think that a overfilled Bladder is the most arousing Sex Toy ever.

*004*2018-12-21 22:15

{{On 12/19/2018 at 6:32 PM, wedgeantilles said:

Interesting story, but I am curious: Why do you type most nouns with a capital letter?

Engilsh isn't my native tongue (which is quite obvious probably), but your English is way too good to make mistakes like that. That's why my guess is that it's deliberate. I am curious - why is that?

Personally I am not troubled about that (in German those words would be spelled with a capital letter), but I guess it is kind of annoying for native speaker?

}}

Sorry i‘ll try to make it better.

*006*2018-12-22 11:00

{{On 12/19/2018 at 8:57 PM, randomkath said:

Nice one.

Also, holy hell, Huberp, haven't seen you anywhere since Experience Project went offline.

Have you saved any of you old texts? I remember one with a girl working in the fields, and the group of horny teenage boys who wanted to watch her pee. And then she thwarted the efforts of the would-be voyeurs by being way better at holding it than they thought.

}}

Hi I am glad to see you here and i am glad to hear that you did like my stories.

A short time before EP went offline nearly all my stories (35) got lost.

Some of them are still in my head, because they was really experience . iI‘ll try to write any next year.

Best wishes to you!

*009*2018-12-23 13:21

{{On 12/22/2018 at 1:35 PM, jt101 said:

If it's of any help, I did save some of your stories from EP. Mostly the straight ones (guy-girl). If you do need them, I'll be glad to pass it along to you. It's yours after all.

}}

Hi first of all I am glad to read that you did like my stories.

Than thank you for that,that you offer your help about my old stories, i‘ll come back to your offer.

