European businessman made a Asian escort girl hold her full bladder!

Author: huberp76

*000*2021-05-21 23:41

One European businessman went for business to an Asian country. He had never been before in this country, so he wanted to stay some days more, after his business, for sightseeing.

He rented a escort girl for guiding him and maybe for something more.

As well as me, he did like the petite, slim and smooth Asian girls and he had the same lust as i, to see girls desperate to pee and to make them hold a full bladder, for so long as any possible.

After breakfast, at his first free day, the girl came to the hotel lobby, to meet him.

She was young, slim and pretty, exactly the type of girl he liked.

She did wear a thin, little, short summer dress. She showed a lot of her smooth, naked skin, without to look vulgar.

After some hours sightseeing, they went for lunch. At about 1.30 pm they did leave the restaurant, to continue the tour.

The girl has not been at the toilet during all the time, not even at the restaurant.

He did not know that the girls are ordered from the escort agency, not to leave their costumes during their service.

They are not even allowed to go to the toilet. They have to wait until the get a natural opportunity and then they have to ask for permission.

They are trained to hold their full bladder for hours and they are accustomed to deal with a strong urge to wee.

At the dinner, they spendet already 12 hours together, the man could not stop to think on the girls bladder and about that, that she must need to wee, after don’t go for so long.

After dinner they wanted to go to the center of the city for one drink at a special street bar, before they would go back to the hotel.

For a good money the girl agreed to spend the night with the guy and the rest of the two days that he would stay.

They were ready to leave, as the girl asked for permission to go to the toilet.

The guy tucked her by her hand and said “hold it!”

”But it would be very urgently.” the girl answered.

“I know, but hold it for me.” he said again.

She told him that she would not be allowed to talk about her bodily needs, but she would need to wee since hours and that her bladder would be very full after all the time she is been holding.

Then she asked how much longer she should hold back her pee.

”As long as you can, or better as long until you can’t anymore.” the guy said and made her a good offer for her extra service.

The girl agreed and they did leave the restaurant.

(continue)

*001*2021-05-22 21:10

At the walk to this popular bar the girl did not show any signs of desperation. The guy was excited from this situation and wanted to talk with the girl about pee holding and full girl bladders, so he asked her why she is not allowed to talk about her bodily needs.

She said that it is a part of culture of the country, that girls pampers the man and that especially at services like escort.

They have the order not to leave there clients not even for one minute, they have to be present all the time.

They get definitely told to bear down all their bodily needs until they get a favorable chance to ask for permission to go to the bathroom.

Meanwhile they arrived at the bar, the guy was still aroused from the talk with the girl.

He ordered two drinks and the girl begged „ for me please just a little one. You know the reason why.“

The man smiled and agreed. The girl was standing with her slim, naked legs thigh crossed and thanked.

“Is it bad?“ the man wandet to know.

“Why are you asking?“ asked the girl back.

“Is about you have your beautiful legs so tight crossed.“ the guy said.

That would be absolutely usual for girls in our country, that girls has to cross their legs.There are no public toilets anywhere where we girls can go, we have to hold it sometimes from morning until evening.

If you see girls on a bus station, especially late afternoon, or evening, with crossed legs, than you know why they are doing that. Some of them had not peed since they left their home early at the morning.

“I think that you like to hear that?“ she asked and smiled.

“Don’t ask me why, but i really like it if a girl is desperate to pee and i love it if a girl hold her bladder full, for hours.“ answered the guy.

“One more drink and then we leave and go back to the hotel.“ he said and the girl obeyed and did drink, although she did not wee since nearly 16 hours.

(continue)

*002*2021-05-25 19:43

They did drink the last drink and talked about all sorts of themes, most from girls who was needing to wee, but could not go, or was not allowed to go.

Although the guy tortured her, or better her bladder, she did like him, because he was kindly and tender to her and he was good looking too and he was generous.

After the last drink, they did take a taxi back to the hotel. The man laid his hand on the thigh from the girl, it was so erotic for him to feel the her smooth, silky skin of her thighs and to know that the girl would need to wee since many hours and to know that she has not been at a toilet since she left her home early morning.

As soon as the guy closed the door from the hotel room, he embraced the girl and kissed her. The girl kissed him back at the most tender way that he ever did get kissed.

He could not wait to see the body of this petite girl totally naked and so he started to undress her. Her shoes were already removed, then he stripped her thin summer dress, she did wear only a tiny, white panty.

Her body was so dainty, so petite and she was so pretty, that the guy was absolutely overwhelmed from this young girl.

Now they were both nude, the girl hugged the guy again. She was standing with her pretty legs tight crossed and we all know why she had to cross her legs . She pressed her slim body hard against the man’s body and the guy did take her little, firm ass with both hands and pressed her lower abdomen against his body, in a way that he squeezed her poor bladder until the girl was shivering from needing to wee so bad.

The girl was ready to let him fu.... her and he wanted nothing more than to have sex with this gorgeous girl, but on the other hand he wanted to make her hold her wee longer. Her bladder should get fuller, much fuller, this thing in her belly should get stretched to its absolutely limit, or over the limit.

Her „peeballoon „ was visible bulging out from her slim abdomen, her flat belly was swollen with her overfilled bladder, but all that was not enough for the guy, he wanted more.

He did lead her to the bathroom, they were standing both clasped under the shower and kissed, it was absolutely torture for the girl to hear the sound of the running water, to feel the water on her skin, while she forced her self to hold so much water inside her.It was absolutely torture for her, but she could hold the little hole between her thighs, where her wee wanted to come out for so long and so bad, tight.

She crossed her legs, but she did not pee. On the way back to the sleeping room, they went past the toilet bowl, that was extra torture for her, she was needing to wee so bad, but could not to use it.

The girl was laying on her back, her bladder was bulging out like a little ball between her hipbones, just over her pubic bone.

It was so arousing for the man to see the contours from her bladder and to imagine that she is holding so much hot wee inside.

”You are pretty full down there, aren’t you!?” said the man softly and pressed also softly and tender on the girls bladder.”

” Oh yes, i am so full, fuller than ever before in my life, but please don’t press on it, i can’t endure more pressure, i’ll wee in the bed if you push my bladder.” she said.

”I am surprised , that you don’t ask me for permission to wee and i am really impressed that you are going to bed with me with your bladder that full.” the guy said.

”We have a deal, you pay a good money to me for holding it. You told me to hold it for so long as i absolutely can and i am able to endure it longer, if i have to endure it.I like to hold it and to suffer for you, because i know that you enjoy that and i like to do that for you, because i like you.

The guy kissed the girls bladder bulge, he leaked the smooth, stretched skin over bladder and he pressed his wet lips so hard on her belly until the girl was starting to tremble and moaning from needing to wee so bad.

Then he lifted his head, looked at her eyes and said “you are amazing girl, i love you.”

He wanted to fu.... her so much and so bad, but he did not do it. He did , what he wanted to do since he can remember, he always wanted to make a girl hold her wee until she absolutely can’t hold it anymore and so he switched out the lights.

The guy was staying horny and the girl was staying full.

The girl did know the reason very well why he was doing that, she did know that he would let her wee after sex, but his goal was to make her hold it until tomorrow morning., or longer.

She kissed him and said “good night “, then she turned her body on her left side. He was laying behind her and he pressed his body hard against hers. His stiff cock was at her buttocks and his right hand exactly at her swollen bladder.

They could both not fall asleep, the girl’s bladder was to full and her urge was to strong for her to sleep, and the guy could not sleep because he was feeling her swollen, firm bladder with his hand and he did know how urgently she would need to go and he did know that she did not wee since nearly 17 hours.

After a while, they calmed down and slept.

(continue)

*004*2021-06-03 05:42

{{On 5/29/2021 at 9:46 AM, sissy baz said:

I hope she wets all over him in the night.

}}

Would you like it that she would not be able to hold all night long and that she would wee all that hot pee, what she was holding for so, in her bursting bladder over him.

*005*2021-06-09 20:17

Early in the morning the girl waked up and could not sleep anymore. Her urge was to strong and her bladder was to full, but the guy was still sleeping and she could not wake him up.

One hour she did suffer in silence with her beautiful legs tight crossed, before the man opened his eyes.

“Good morning master.“ she whispered tender. „How are you?“ asked her the guy.

“Thank you, i am feeling good, except that i really, really, really need to go to the loo.“ she answered.

“I know it and i really, really, really love it.“ he said and proposed to go for a breakfast.

He pushed the blanket aside to see the naked body of the pretty girl. He could see that she had her slim legs tight crossed and he could see the contours from her bladder bulging out from her abdomen.

He did look at her crossed legs and asked „is it that bad?“

„Oh yes, it is.” she said, smiled and grimaced her face from needing to wee so bad.

The guy laid one hand on her lower abdomen, exactly on her swollen bladder and said “you are amazing girl, you are holding the pee from more than 24 hours inside there , you are doing it so good, i absolutely love it!”

He pressed softly on her belly and could feel how hard her bladder has become.

”Oh no, please don’t push on it, i can’t endure any more pressure.” she pegged.

He did caress the smooth, stretched skin over her overfilled peeball and asked “ what are we doing today, do you have a schedule after breakfast?”

To let the girl take a much needed wee, was not included in this schedule and nobody did talk about it, it was like she was not allowed to wee, not allowed to go to the toilet.

Service girls has no rights in her country, not even to wee, they have to suppress their bodily needs until they gets allowed to go to the loo.

They did get out of the bed and went together to the bathroom. The girl had her legs tight crossed as she washed her face.

Her bladder was full to burst, she was needing to wee so bad, the toilet bowl was so near, but she did not use it!!

(continue)

*008*2021-06-15 07:36

The girl did not use the loo, she did not even ask if she would get a permission to to pee.

They went back to the sleeping room, the girl did take her little white panties and pulled it slowly up on her slim thighs. She pushed the waistband a little bit down because it pressed to hard on her swollen bladder.

Suddenly she was bending over and crossed her legs tight. The guy could see a dark yellow spot on her panties between her thighs and he could see how some drops of hot urine was running down on the nude, smooth skin of her sexy legs.

”I am so sorry, but i can’t anymore, i really, really did try my best, but i can’t go to the city full like this, it would be a shame for me and for you too, if i would piss myself down on the street.” the girl said.

The girl did see that the man was a little bit disappointed and she wanted to do all she could do for him and so she told him that she could not walk anymore with so much pressure in her bladder, but she would be able to hold it longer if they would stay here and if she could cross her legs, she asked him if she should do that and if he would like that.

”I would love it!!!!” answered the man and said that he would order a breakfast to the room.

The girl was still standing with her legs crossed, the man went on his knees and redistributed with his hands the wee drops on the skin of her thighs and then he kissed softly her bulging bladder.

Sometimes later they had breakfast, the man offered her a bonus if she would drink two large glasses of orange juice.

The girl did not wee since 26 hours and did drink all that juice, she did like the money and she did like the guy too.

He had a bad conscience and he had pity with the girl, but he was addicted to her bladder and to overfill her bladder.

He wanted to talk about her need, he wanted to hear how bad she was needing to wee.

They were laying in the bed, he putted his hand on her swollen belly and then he said “ girl you doing it so good, it is so amazing how much wee you are holding inside here and how long you are able hold it back , I love it!”

She told him that the girls in her country are all good trained to hold it and that they are used to endure a lot of bladder pain and a lot of bladder torture, because sometimes they have no chance to wee for a really long time.

There are no public toilets where girls could go and it would absolutely not be usual that a girl to ask a man for a loo. It would be like she would animate him to think at her vagina, or to make sex with her.

Girls don’t wee and nobody cares about it if a girl need to wee, nobody cares about that her bladder is sometimes stretched to double size and that her urge to go is already painful.

Girls don’t even ask in the private for a loo, it will be expected that a girl is able to control her bodily needs.

“You make me crazy with your talk, girl.“ the guy said and pressed softly on the girls belly and started to massage her swollen bladder.

“Oh no, please don’t do that! I am good trained, but i have never been so full like now, i did not even think that i would be able to hold my wee for 27 hours and i did not know that needing to wee can get so painful, please don’t push my bladder!“ the girl said.

The guy could not anymore, he was near to cum just from the talk and from to touch the girls bursting bladder, he wanted nothing more than sex with her!

(continue)

*009*2021-06-15 21:46

The guy was so aroused, he was laying beside a beautiful girl, both totally naked, he did know that the girl did not wee since 27 hours, he did know that she was needing to go since yesterday afternoon, she told him how bad she would need to pee and he could see how her bladder is bulging out from her usually super flat belly.

He could feel it with his hand how stretched her skin over her swollen bladder is.

He wanted to wait with sex, he wanted to stay horny for so long as any possible. What will happen if all the orange juice gets in her bladder?

Can her bladder stretch further, can the girl endure more pressure, can she stand more urge, can she endure more bladder pain and is she ready to torture her own bladder so much?

The guy want it all, he could not get enough from it. He wanted to talk with her about girls from her country, from girls who were needing to wee so bad that they not even could think straight, but were although forced to hold it back, because of their community and their culture.

He started to ask, conducted from his horniness “ does it happen that girl piss themselves if they can’t go for really long, if they are not allowed to go, if they are forced to hold it over their limit?”

”Oh no, that will not happen, it would be such a shame for the girl and for all her family. Our girls get trained to suppress their needs from early age, they learned discipline and they did learn to endure pain.

Look at me, my bladder is bulging up until my navel, it is hard as a rock and it feels like it would burst in the next minute in 1000 pieces, i am needing to wee like crazy, but i am still holding it and i still can endure it.” she answered.

“ You can’t imagine how bad i need to go, i could not even imagine that it would be possible to need to go that bad.” She said.

”And you can’t imagine how much i love it and how exciting that is for me.” the man answered and laid his thigh on her swollen belly.

27 hours without a wee, two large orange juice at breakfast and the extra pressure from his knee was nearly to much for her.

She moaned from needing to wee so bad, but that was like a extra turn on for the man, he wanted to fu…. her, he had to fu…. her, there was no other way.

”No, please no, i would love it to do it with you, but i can’t, it is absolutely impossible to open my thighs, i would wet all the bed.” the girl pleaded.

The man told her to stay in the bed, he went to the bathroom and brought two bath towels, he did put it under her little ass, opened her thighs and started to fu…. her.

The strongest and best trained girl can’t endure that, his cock pushed from inside on her bladder and his body weight pressed from outside on her bursting full bladder.

With all her power couldn’t she hold her little pee hole tight. Every time her bladder gets pressed to hard, she was leaking just a little bit.

They fuc….. like crazy! The girl moaned loud from getting her bladder so intense tortured, but from lust too, she did love it to get fuc…. so hard.

She was a really strong girl, she was just leaking a little bit, if she got hard pushed on her poor bladder.

All the room was smelling from the girls urine witch she was holding in for so long, but she did just wet the towels, the bed did stay dry.

After they both climaxed they did stay in the bed for a while, the girl had her legs tight crossed.

They kissed each other tender, the guy leaked nearly every inch of the girls smooth skin, then they went to the bathroom to take a shower.

The girl went bended over with her legs crossed.

As soon as they were in the shower, the man said “let it go girl, let it finally out!”

They were both standing in the shower, he did take her with both hands at her ass and pressed her hard against his body, her bladder was squeezed so hard that she cried “Aaaahhhhh.”

All her slim body was shaking! The man could not get enough from torturing the girls bladder, he pressed her harder and harder against him, until she was starting to wee and she weed and weed and weed.

Amazing how much urine the girl was able to hold inside her slim girl body.

Her belly was no more round and swollen, it was flat and her hipbones light pregnant.

After a shower they went back to the bed to fuc……… a second time.

For reward for all that great hours that the girl presented him, he invited her for a dinner in one of the best restaurants of the city.

It was a great evening, but they were both a little bit sad, because it was their last evening together.

It was not really the last evening, because the man had to come for one year every mont to her country for his business.

He did meet her every time when he was for a few days in her city.

Sometimes the girl did not go to the loo in the morning, she did hold her wee from the evening before until they did meet and then much longer.

She is so good in holding, she is so good trained, would she be able to endure 30 hours with out to pee if she would be allowed to cross her legs very, very tight?

The man did love it to know that she was needing to pee and he did love to torture her bladder.

He did love it when her bladder was full and hard like a bowling ball, but he did love it too when her bladder was like a softball, full but soft, he loved it to push deep in her abdomen, to massage her bladder and he loved it to make her drink very much in a short time to watch her bladder growing out of her belly.

The girls bladder was the best sextoy for him, but he did like it the best, to have sex with her when she was full to burst.

The end.

Maybe I’ll write one more experience sometimes later.

*011*2021-06-18 05:44

{{On 6/16/2021 at 9:28 AM, Somenonymous said:

...

I-

I have no words.

I want to say that this story is amazing, but that's an understatement. This has got to be one of the best, if not the best story I've read on this site. I... want...

...m o r e...

}}

Thank you very, very much for your great compliment!!

I am glad that you like my story. It feels really good to read such a positive feedback and it is a motivation for me to write more of it.

Thank you again.

*013*2021-07-21 04:27

{{11 hours ago, HoldingPrinces said:

A good story from you as usual

}}

Thank you very much. I am glad that you like my story.

*015*2021-08-30 21:53

Some months later after „our“ business man and the escort girl already met some times, after they had fun with each other, they had a little problem for their next date. The girl was ill, she had temperature and she was not able to come to their next date.

She did not want to disappoint the man and offered him a alternative, she offered him a good substitute for her.

They did never talk about that before, the girl told him that she has a twin sister, who looks absolutely the same as she looks and she would gladly spend the day with him.

If he like it, she would even hold her pee for him, she would not use the toilet at their meeting day and she would stay overnight with him if he would like that.

If she wants to pee he should not let her to the toilet, she is good trained and she can endure a lot of pee urge and a lot of bladder torture, she told him and she is a little bit masochistic, she likes pain, especially pain from her overfilled bladder and she likes to get tortured.

She did some peeholding competitions and she did let get her bladder tortured for good money said the girl.

The guy was sad that his little escort girl was ill and that he could not meet her to spend time with her, he really liked her, but on the other hand he was curious at the “peeholding super talent “and could not wait to make her hold and to torture her champion bladder.

He agreed to meet the twin sister and was surprised that she really looked the same, she had the same super slim body and nearly the same face, but her manner, her style and especially her talk was different.

She was a little bit slutty, she was dressed like that and she did talk like that.

Her skirt was so short that her slim legs were naked up nearly to her panties.

Just to see her made a man wish to fuck her.

They spendet the afternoon together, made sightseeing, went to a coffee shop and some more.

Early at evening it was obvious that the girl was needing to wee.She did all that what girls are doing if they need to go and all that what the guy liked.

“Does my little girl need a wee? Does she need a potty ” he asked with sarcasm.

”Yes your little girl is about to piss her panties!” she answered smiled, pressed one hand between her thighs and crossed her legs.

”Your sister told me that you are so good in pee holding and that you can go extremely long without to go. It’s just 7 pm, that is not really long!” the guy said.

”My sister told me not to piss on the day when i meet you and so i did , or better i did not not.

Last time i pissed was yesterday evening, my poor bladder is stretched to double size and it is crying for relief. This silly thing in my belly hurts from being so unnaturally overfilled, but i think that you like that!?!“ answered the girl.

„My sister told me that you would like to see me suffer, you would like to torture me, so do it, torture me, i am yours!

I like it, but i like money too, you have to pay for it, i have my rates“ said the twin.

“Okay, i like this deal, show me your limit, show me what you can endure, show me how good you can control your bladder and how full it can get before you piss yourself.” the man said with a big smile on his lips.

Some hours later they went for a dinner. He asked the girl what she would like to drink and she answered “if you want to get me dry to your hotel, not much. I really, really need to piss, i am holding it since 21 hours!”

”Oh my poor girl is needing to wee so bad, but your sister told me that you won some peeholding competitions and that you are a champion in n holding it. Tell me something about it, how was it? Bad? Much worser than now?“

“It’s bad now, but it can get much worser.

I don’t know if you can imagine how it feels to have the bladder full to burst, not being allowed to piss, but made to drink more and more. They made us girls drink until one after the other from us pissed her panties and our naked legs.

The little slut was sitting opposite o the guy she lifted one leg so that he could see her panty and said “ look my panties are still dry, but i don’t know how long.”

They tortured us a lot, but they did pay good and that girl who could hold it the longest, did get a big bonus.” said the girl.

”That sounds good that you can endure much more.

Can you tell me please more of your competitions, how did they torture you.? What did they do?”asked the guy.

“Sometimes it was getting ready bad, they..."

(continue)

*016*2021-08-31 12:31

{{14 hours ago, huberp76 said:

Some months later after „our“ business man and the escort girl already met some times, after they had fun with each other, they had a little problem for their next date. The girl was ill, she had temperature and she was not able to come to their next date.

She did not want to disappoint the man and offered him a alternative, she offered him a good substitute for her.

They did never talk about that before, the girl told him that she has a twin sister, who looks absolutely the same as she looks and she would gladly spend the day with him.

If he like it, she would even hold her pee for him, she would not use the toilet at their meeting day and she would stay overnight with him if he would like that.

If she wants to pee he should not let her to the toilet, she is good trained and she can endure a lot of pee urge and a lot of bladder torture, she told him and she is a little bit masochistic, she likes pain, especially pain from her overfilled bladder and she likes to get tortured.

She did some peeholding competitions and she did let get her bladder tortured for good money said the girl.

The guy was sad that his little escort girl was ill and that he could not meet her to spend time with her, he really liked her, but on the other hand he was curious at the “peeholding super talent “and could not wait to make her hold and to torture her champion bladder.

He agreed to meet the twin sister and was surprised that she really looked the same, she had the same super slim body and nearly the same face, but her manner, her style and especially her talk was different.

She was a little bit slutty, she was dressed like that and she did talk like that.

Her skirt was so short that her slim legs were naked up nearly to her panties.

Just to see her made a man wish to fuck her.

They spendet the afternoon together, made sightseeing, went to a coffee shop and some more.

Early at evening it was obvious that the girl was needing to wee.She did all that what girls are doing if they need to go and all that what the guy liked.

“Does my little girl need a wee? Does she need a potty ” he asked with sarcasm.

”Yes your little girl is about to piss her panties!” she answered smiled, pressed one hand between her thighs and crossed her legs.

”Your sister told me that you are so good in pee holding and that you can go extremely long without to go. It’s just 7 pm, that is not really long!” the guy said.

”My sister told me not to piss on the day when i meet you and so i did , or better i did not not.

Last time i pissed was yesterday evening, my poor bladder is stretched to double size and it is crying for relief. This silly thing in my belly hurts from being so unnaturally overfilled, but i think that you like that!?!“ answered the girl.

„My sister told me that you would like to see me suffer, you would like to torture me, so do it, torture me, i am yours!

I like it, but i like money too, you have to pay for it, i have my rates“ said the twin.

“Okay, i like this deal, show me your limit, show me what you can endure, show me how good you can control your bladder and how full it can get before you piss yourself.” the man said with a big smile on his lips.

Some hours later they went for a dinner. He asked the girl what she would like to drink and she answered “if you want to get me dry to your hotel, not much. I really, really need to piss, i am holding it since 21 hours!”

”Oh my poor girl is needing to wee so bad, but your sister told me that you won some peeholding competitions and that you are a champion in n holding it. Tell me something about it, how was it? Bad? Much worser than now?“

“It’s bad now, but it can get much worser.

I don’t know if you can imagine how it feels to have the bladder full to burst, not being allowed to piss, but made to drink more and more. They made us girls drink until one after the other from us pissed her panties and our naked legs.

The little slut was sitting opposite o the guy she lifted one leg so that he could see her panty and said “ look my panties are still dry, but i don’t know how long.”

They tortured us a lot, but they did pay good and that girl who could hold it the longest, did get a big bonus.” said the girl.

”That sounds good that you can endure much more.

Can you tell me please more of your competitions, how did they torture you.? What did they do?”asked the guy.

“Sometimes it was getting ready bad, they..."

(continue)

}}

Sometimes it was getting really bad, it was not enough that our overfilled bladders were bulging out from our bellies and they nevertheless made us drink, they let us do exercises where our bladders were extra tortured.

We had to jump, we had to do jump roping and especially bad was, they did lie hard pillows on the floor and we had to lie down on it with our bellies in a way that the pillow pressed hard on our bursting full bladders.

Sometimes they putted a foot on our ass to press us down to put more pressure on our bladders, that was torture pure and the men in the audience did like that, they did like to see us suffer.

“ I don’t know why men love that, why does they get excited when girls have to hold a bursting full bladder in their bellies, why get they aroused when girls are needing to piss so bad, when they are forced to hold it in with all their power?“ asked the twin.

Some of the girls pissed themselves when they got pressed down very hard and some could hold it and did suffer a unbelievable strong and painful piss urge.

The men were horny to watch how we were getting tortured, they all had a bulge in their pants.

They were not allowed to touch our pussy, but they were allowed to feel our swollen bellies and some of the super sadists did use the opportunity to torture us, they pressed hard hard on our bulging bladder, to make our urge unbearable, they wanted to make us piss in our panties, or to see us suffer.

”If i look down on your pants, i can see and i can imagine that you would like to do that as well.” said the girl.

”You world like to see how the desperation and frantic girls cross and uncross their legs, how they bending over, how they squeeze their thighs with their hands and how they push their hands on their cunts, how they massaging their swollen bladders, how they squatting down and how they do everything to be able to hold it longer.” the twin Said.

”Oh yes, i would love to see that and i would like to do it! said the guy, but don’t ask me why, i just know that it is so.”

The man was turned on like hell from hearing the twins experiences, “ and how are you, my dirty, little slutty? Is your bladder already up to your navel, are you needing to piss so really, really bad? What do you think how much longer you are able to hold it, how much longer can you endure it?

How long can you endure it is the wrong question, i should not ask you that, you simply have to endure it for so long as i will allow you to go and that will be a long time, until then you have to hold it although your bladder is about to explode.

Show me your panties, my little girl slutty, are they still dry, or already wet from your smelly girl wee.“ said the guy.

“What do you think about me, i never piss my panties!“ she said and lifted again one leg to give him a few between her thighs and at her xs panties.

„ You little slut should get fucked for hours, for making me horny like that!“ said the man and pressed the fabric of her panties deep in her girl slit.

“If you really want to fuck me, you have to bring me to your hotel, as soon as possible, because i can’t much longer, i have not been at the toilet since more than 22 hours, I’ll piss in bed if we wait any longer and if you fuck me hard.“ said the twin.

„ Don’t forget i am yours, but i have my pay scale and i am expensive.“ said the naughty girl.

“I love if a girl spread her slit to get fucked, but i like it too if a girl squeeze her slit hard together to hold her pee back and i think you will squeeze your slit a long time before you get fucked today. You will be never be full enough for me. Hold it my champion!“ answered the man.

*018*2021-09-04 12:35

“You have no minimal mercy with a girl who needs to pee like crazy!?” said the girl.

”You are right, i really have no mercy with a girl who needs to pee, because a girl desperate to pee is so absolutely sexy and totally arousing for me.

Girls are born to hold their wee, they are trained to hold it, because they can’t squat everywhere, they are able to hold it if they have to and they should hold it until they get a chance, or until they are allowed to wee, because they are girls”answered the man.

The twin did talk twice that her services are expensive, but she never told him a price.

The man did not ask about it because he did know that it would not be really expensive for him, but he wanted to know what kind of services the girl offered and so he asked her.

She told him a list beginning with escort service for hours, for half day, vor a full day, for staying over night, for all kind of sex and sex games and for some special services especially for our business man. She would not to go to the toilet all day long, she would hold her wee back and she would let him her full, swollen bladder torture, she let him push, press and poke on it .She let him massaged her swollen bladder, would let him press deep in her belly and she would let ride him do a “bladder ride “.

All the other offers was common for him, but “bladder riding “ was new and so he asked what it means.

She told him that he could sit on her belly and ride her bulging bladder. She told him that this would be expensive, because it is very painful for her and hurts her a lot.

She told him that this would be now absolutely impossible, , because her bladder is already to full for that she could not endure it anymore.

The two sisters looks totally similar, they have the same sexy body, nearly the same pretty face, but their style and especially their kind to talk is very different.

The twin is like a business women, or better more like a noble whore, she sells her body for a good money, the escort girl is like a lady, she is dressed like a little lady and she talks like a lady.

”A while ago you said to me “ talk me, i am yours” . If you are mine, why do i have to pay for the extras?” asked the man.

The guy made her a all included offer and the girl agreed because it was much higher than she could dream about and so she was very happy about it.

”If you don’t let me go to the toilet here in the restaurant , can we please go to your hotel? It would be much easier for me to hold it longer if i could be alone with you, if i could lie in your bed.” said the twin.

”Is it already so bad, do you really need to wee so bad? tell me how how bad”asked the guy.

”Do you really ask me that? Have you forgotten that i have not been at the toilet since yesterday ?

What would you want to hear? Do you like to hear that i hearing the angels singing from needing to piss so bad, that my bladder is full to burst and up to my navel? That it is painful to hold it back for so long and that my belly hurts from needing to go?

Can you realize just a very little bit how it feels if you are needing to pee in the morning, but you don’t go, you hold it hour for hour all day long, your suppress your urge, but it is getting stronger and worser and you absolutely don’t know when you are finally allowed to go to the toilet, to take a much need piss.” asked the girl.

”Oh no, i did not forget it, i can’t think anything other and i absolutely love it, but why do you think that i would make it easier for you to hold it?

I want to walk with you, i want to see how you move your body, i want to see how you cross your beautiful, sexy legs, how you are rubbing your knees, how you press your thighs together and how you try to hide your desperation from the other peoples.

Last time your sister showed me a fancy street bar, there we will go now.” said the man determined.

“ Sorry master that i talked about my silly, stupid humanly needs, i will never do that again, i will hold back my dirty, stinky urine in my inferior slave body, i will do that even if my bladder will burst!“ said the twin.

After he paid the bill, they did get out and walked in direction street bar. He took her by her hips and pressed her slim body hard against his body and on and off he caressed her firm ass and squeezed it with his hand.

As they arrived he made her sit on a high chair and ordered two drinks, a large one for him and a small for her.

He did not want to make her drink to much, because he did not want to let her pee before sleeping, he wanted to make her hold her full bladder until next morning and with to many drinks she would absolutely not being able to endure that, full as she already was.

The girl did not know that, she hoped to get to the hotel as soon as any possible, to take finally a much needed wee.

She was thankful for the just small drink and did spread her thighs a little so that he could see her little, white panty between her wonderful, smooth thighs. The panty was still dry and the fabric was still pushed a little bit in her slit, so that he could see part of her shaved pussy.

She was such a sexy girl and to know that she was needing to wee so badly, made the guy absolutely horny and hard.

The girl felt a feeling that she never felt before, it was absolutely new for her, it was like she was someone’s girlfriend, like she was the girlfriend from a successful business man, she did like this kind of feeling so much.

After a halfen hours she bended over to him and whispered in his ear „can we please go, i am needing to pee so bad, so really, really, really bad.“

She kissed him on his cheek and looked at him with begging eyes.

She was so near to him, he could feel her breath, he had suddenly a strong desire to kiss her, but he did not.

It was bad, but he thought to himself, she is not a girl to kiss and to love, she is a girl to fuck and a girl for my special desire.

“Okay,“ said the man, let us leave. We take a taxi to the hotel, would that be okay for you?“ he asked.

“Oh yes, that would be great. Thank you very much.” she said and kissed him again with wet lips on his cheek.

They had to wait some minutes at the taxi place until the taxi was arriving.

The girl was standing with her great legs, naked nearly up to her little ass, tight crossed and her thighs pressed together, exactly how the guy loved it.

“Sorry but i need to wee so bad, i can stand straight anymore .“ she said and pressed her body against him.

“You are doing it so great, i love it!“ he answered.

“Thank you she said, you make me feel so happy.” said the girl, laid her hands around the guys neck and kissed him long and tender.

The guy had his eyes closed and did not know, which of the twins he kissed and was happy too.

On the way to the hotel, he had his hand inside of her upper thighs and she leaned with her head on his shoulder. They looked like lovers and for this moments they felt both like lovers, but as soon as they did get out of the car, the girl went back to her level, a specialty to her kind to talk.

”If you don’t let me piss as soon as we are at our room, I’ll piss full in my panties.” she said and was bending over.

”You will neither go to the loo, nor will you piss in your panties. You will and you will have to hold it like a good girl has to hold it! he said.

”You know my conception a girls bladder should be full with hot “ girl wee” and a girls belly should be full with her big, overfilled bladder, her belly should be swollen with her bladder and her bladder should bulging out.

So hold it and stop to wail, you are a girl, you have a strong bladder, , let it get full, overfill it, your bladder can get bigger, much bigger and you can hold it longer, much longer!, no piss for you, you can endure more, much more!!!” said the guy.

(continue)

*020*2021-09-13 14:41

{{5 hours ago, holdit247 said:

Oh. my. word! This gets better and better. My GF hasn't indulged my fetish for 3 months now, I must drop her a hint soon, though this story makes me think I should be giving her instructions

}}

I am glad that you like my story.

Oh yes, you should give your girlfriend instructions. Make her hold it for you, don’t let her go, overfill her bladder and test her endurance.

What kind of instructions would you like to give her? Tell us please some of your imaginations.

Did you ever try to spend a entire day with her and don’t give her her opportunity to pee anywhere?

*022*2021-09-22 13:52

You mean she is only then not allowed to pee if someone could see her?

Your instructions are all exciting and great, i would like to do it all of them.

To make a girl drink at a pub until she is starting to leak, then bring her home (can she endure that without to piss herself?) at home have sex with her bladder full to burst and then measure how much she was able to hold. Absolutely a dream!

Also a dream, make a girl drink 2 liter water before a journey, drive so long until she is starting to leak and then turn around. She has to hold it until at home!

To sit beside her and to watch her holding, absolutely exciting, but can a leaking girl hold it that long without to piss the seat wet?

Padlock, to post the key, no chance for her to piss before the postman bring the key after 24 hours or longer, absolutely great.

2 liter at evening, no wee at night, she is not allowed to pee before work except she has sex with you, with her bladder full to burst, with all the water, all the wee inside her.

Have you done some of this instructions with a girl?

You wrote that you made a lot of girls drink before cinema.

How did you do that? Did you tell the girl to drink 2 pits before leaving and then to drink some more at the cinema?

Did you tell her that she should not use the toilet or she is not allowed to use it?

Did you tell her the reason why she should drink that much, did you tell her that you want to make her desperate?

Could all girls hold it during the cinema and what did you do with them after that?

Please write more about it, maybe some experiences.

I did that too, to make girls drink before cinema and not give them time to go to the loo before.

*023*2021-09-26 08:55

On the way to the hotel entrance, the girl stopped, crossed her legs and bended over.

She had not a wee since more then 24 hours to that time and the drink from the street bar has already arrived her bladder and stretched it in a painful way.

Her need to wee was stronger than a common girl could endure, but not strong enough for our business man.

He looked at her and said “you will not piss your panties now!?”

”No i will not.” answered the twin silently.

”Than stop to act like a little girl and hold it like a big girl should do it!” said the man energetic.

”Sorry, but i soon i can’t anymore, i did not piss since yesterday evening and i am needing to go since i waked up early in the morning and i am still holding it!!!

Every girls are needing to pee sometimes, even the strongest girls MUST go at any time !”she said.

She said it in a way as she wanted to excuse her for that she is nearly at her limit and also in a way that he should not be discontent with her performance.

”Oh yes, you said it, at any time, but not now and you will not piss for much longer!” he replied.

He did take her by her hand and leaded her in the hotel. She walked with her knees rubbing together and tried so good as any possible to hide her painful urge to piss.

As soon as they were in their room, she pressed one hand between her thighs and squatted down.

”Let me to the loo, i am needing it so bad, please let me pee, i have been holding it for so long, I’ll do everything for you what you want, but please let finally piss.” the twin was begging.

”There is only one thing that you can do for me and that is not to pee and there is only one thing that you are not allowed to do and that is to piss.”answered the man.

”Okay, or better for my poor bladder not okay, but I’ll try my very best, you want to see me suffer, you want to torture me, so do it!” said the girl.

”You are such a good girl and you make me so happy.” said the guy and told her that he would make her happy too.

He ordered her to strip her clothes except her little, white panties, she should leave her panties on, so that he could see it if she would leaking just one drop.

He did soothe her and told her that it wii be better for her, if she is would lie in the bed and he said that is it what she told him at the dinner, as she wanted to go straight to the hotel, she said it would be better for her to hold it if she could lie in the bed.

It was so exciting for him to lie beside the girl, to see her swollen belly, to see her bladder bulging out from her flat belly and to know that she did not wee since yesterday.

He started to caress her, he licked and kissed the smooth skin all over her young body.

The girl did calm down a little bit, but she was afraid that he would start to torture her bladder, witch was sticking out so animated of her abdomen and she was not afraid without cause.

The guy laid beside the girl and putted his thigh over the girls belly. He pressed his knee hard on the girls bladder.

The girl was trembling from her need to wee and she said that her bladder will burst if he don’t stop to press and push so hard on it.

The man did not stop, it was like music for his ears, he started to massage her swollen bladder with his hand, he tried to press her bulging bladder back in her abdomen.

It was so painful for the girl, she was holding the urine from 25 hours inside her , she was needing to wee so bad, but instead to let her pee, he tortured her bladder. She could nearly endure it anymore, but the guy did not stop it, he could not get enough from the girls desperation, he pressed harder and harder.

”What did my poor bladder do to you, that you want to kill it, that you torture it so much?” wanted the girl know.

” Oh no, i don’t want to kill you bladder, the opposite, i love your bladder, i love it more and more the bigger it gets.” answered the guy and kissed her lower abdomen. He pressed his lips exactly at her bulging bladder, so hard and deep that the girl started to tremble from needing to wee so bad and from strain to keep her wee inside her and not to wet her little panties.

”Can i take your offer, to ride your bladder?” asked the man libidinous.

”Oh no, absolutely not, that is totally impossible, my bladder would explode if you would sit on it.” said the girl, worried about that the man could do that to her.

He looked at the girls anxious eyes and glided with his hand over the smooth skin of the girls body.

Beginning from her taut breasts over her belly down to her thighs and again back to her belly.

The skin of her abdomen was stretched from her bulging bladder and he could not resist to press on it. The guy was in love with the girls belly and with her bladder.

„You are so full down there, i love it so much. What do you think how much are you holding back ? Did you ever measure how much you are able to hold?“ asked the man.

“I really know that, i told you from my holding competitions the girls there were not allowed to go to the toilet, we had to drink and to stay on the stage. Each of the girls wanted to win, because they did pay a good money to the winner.

The girl did hold it with all their power, they did try to endure the worst bladder pain, but one after the other pissed her little panties.

The girl who could keep her panties the longest dry, who could hold her urine longest, was the winner and had to piss in a measuring cup, in front of the audience.

I won some competitions and the most amount i pisst in a jug was 1.350 ml.” explained the girl.

”Oh, you nearly make me crazy girl! How can such a petite, slim girl hold so much wee inside her? When was your urge stronger, then or now?”he wanted to know.

”I can’t hold so much pee inside me! Look at my belly, my bladder is not only inside my abdomen, it is bulging out to a big part.

To your second question, my urge and my need is nearly the same and you can’t not even imagine how bad and how painful i am needing to piss at the moment.” answered the girl.

He was so horny that he was nearly ejaculated, just from the situation and from rubbing his hard dick at the girls thigh.

He stripped her panties down on her thighs, over her knees and threw it on the floor. He pushed first one and then two fingers deep in the girl. He could feel her firm bladder from inside.

He tortured the girls bladder at the worsted way, he pressed with his fingers from inside and with the other hand from outside.

The girl moaned and squirmed from her frantic need to piss.

He wanted more, he lied his body in a way on the girls body, that his hard dick and his abdomen pressed with all his weight on the girls bladder.

”I’ll push your bladder back in your belly, there where a girls bladder should be.” said the man and was rubbing his body hard on the girls abdomen.

”My bladder will explode, it will burst, if you don’t stop that. Please stop it, that is more than a girl can endure what you are doing to me. That is torture pure!!!” said the girl.

The guy unknotted the girls beautiful legs and started to fuck her. First slowly and gentle and then more and more hard and heavy.

Every time he pushed hard in the girl, he could feel how she squeezed her cun… around his dick.

She was needing all her power to squeeze her peehole shut and at the same way she pressed her slit together.

The girl was getting fucked so hard, she was needing to wee so bad, but she did not let out even one tiny drop of her wee , unbelievable what the girl could endure.

After all they went finally to the bathroom, but he still did not let her wee, it would be bummer, he thought, if she would let all her for so long restrained urine, simply in a toilet bowl.

The girl was waiting with knotted legs until the man took a large measuring jug,

Then she started to piss witch absolutely high pressure. Her pissjet was so strong and wide, that it must have nearly ripped her peehole.

Amazing, she pissed, with a loud hissing sound,1400ml hot, dark golden wee in the jug. To see that great amount of urine and to imagine that she did hold all that in her bladder, was nearly unbelievable and exciting in the same way.

How strong, how bad and how painful, must she have been her urge and her need to pee, with so much inside her!!?

Next morning they fucked again, of course the girl was not allowed to pee before, of course with her full bladder.

The guy said “ i told you yesterday, I’ll make you happy too.” and did give her the double money.

The girl was happy about it and before she did leave she said, if he come next time and he don’t torture her to much, she would try to get 1.5 liter (1.500ml) in her bladder.

Next time, though the guy, would there be a next time with her, what would be with her sister.

Would he like the escort girl, the little lady, or would he like the twin, the hot, little slut, or both?

What would you like, witch of the girls would you take?

