Bursting Burglars

Author: HarryC

*000*2019-05-05 16:39

This is very loosely based on a thing that happened to me and a friend of mine while setting up for someone's surprise birthday party. I've taken a lot of liberties to make it hopefully more interesting. Enjoy!

###

Emily needs a wee. She has to pee right now. She is quivering and sweating with desperation, focusing on nothing other than keeping her painfully full bladder's contents inside her. To make matters worse, she is sat on the toilet, fully clothed, lid down, with Jonny staring right at her.

"Are you ok, Em?" He asks, wondering if she is just nervous or in the same predicament as him. Jonny is in dire need of relief. His bladder is uncomfortably heavy and all he can think about is pushing Emily off the toilet and letting a flood gush out of his penis into the bowl.

"Yeah, I'm fine thanks, Jonny" she lies. "You?"

"Yeah I'm fine too. You sure you're ok? You look kind of like you have to pee."

"Maybe a little, but I can hold it until we get out of here." She lies again. They've been hiding in this bathroom for 2 hours now, waiting for the unexpected homeowner to leave so they can continue with their burglary.

"Are you sure?" Asks Jonny. "There's no problem in going in here, just keep it quiet and don't flush." Jonny resists the urge to grab his cock as his bladder screams and he dribbles a into his black jeans.

"No thank you. I'm a big girl. I can hold it." Emily sticks a hand firmly between her legs, pretending to demonstrate her point but actually glad of the feeling of security the pressure against her peehole gives her.

"Ok, look. What I'm trying to say is I need a wee," Blushes Jonny, "and I'm going to have to go before we leave this bathroom so you're going to have to.." he stops. A spasm hits his bladder, a spurt soaking his underwear.

"Oh my God, did you just pee!?" Emily half mocks, half rages. "Sit on this toilet right now. We can't have you pissing DNA all over this bathroom floor." She stands up against her own bladder's protestations, her prodigious bladder control keeping her knickers dry against all odds.

Emily throws the toilet lid up, grabbing Jonny by the belt and undoing it for him, unaware of the extra pressure she is putting on his bladder and the agony it causes him as he struggles to keep the last tiny bit of control he has.

"Pee!" She orders as she pulls his soaked boxers down from his slowly leaking penis and pushes him down onto the seat.

Jonny's bladder needs no encouragement. An ocean of urine forces its way out of him. He shivers and lets out a low groan as the weight of a whole day's worth of pee vanishes, coursing through his cock with an orgasmic feeling. He is barely aware of the woman in front of him desperately squirming to keep her panties dry.

"Thank you." He stutters. "I needed that. I can't believe I just lost control like a little boy. Sure you can still hold it until we're out of here, big girl?" He winks. Emily's dancing leaves nothing to his imagination.

"At least I'm still dry." She brags. "Can you stand up before I disgrace myself too please?"

Jonny pulls his sodden underwear up, grimacing at the wetness against his genitals.

"Come on, come on." Emily impatiently taps her feet, her urinary sphincter spasming as she tries desperately to stay dry for a few more seconds. Just as Jonny moves out of the way she feels her control go. Her numb, heavy bladder has given up and she panics, pulling her leggings and knickers down before Jonny has even stepped away from the toilet.

"No. Stop!" Jonny commands. "The DNA!"

The shock somehow gets her control back. Her legs shake, her exposed genitals quivering with the herculean effort of keeping back the flood. She spins and sits. Her distended bladder voids without permission, hot urine spraying into the porcelain throne at last. She grins, looking down at her pristine panties. "See, told you I could hold it!"

