A girl was not allowed to pee! Story 3

Author: huberp76

*000*2020-03-20 12:16

Another experience with my friend and “his” girl.

It was the same friend and the same girl as from my story in the shopping mall.

It was Saturday afternoon. I went with my friend and with one of his girl friends to a soccer game.

At the end of the first half time, my friend went for something to drink.

I watched the girl since a while and my trained eyes told me that she was needing to wee .

The moves with her beautiful slim legs, with her knees and her nude thighs was like a magnet for my eyes.

I used the time when my friend went for the drinks, to ask her.

”It looks like you need to pee. Do you?” i asked.

”I am full to burst “ she answered and groaned.

“Does he not let you ?” i asked.

”No he don’t let me. My last wee was yesterday late afternoon and he did not let me go this morning, she complained.

“Oh girl, your bladder must be to explode, after holding it for so long!“ i said.

“Does that not hurt?“ i wanted to know.

“Oh yes, my bladder is about to burst and it is painful, all my belly hurts from needing to wee so bad „ she answered.

“How can you endure, not to wee for so long?“ I asked with a contemptuous smile. I reality i was total aroused and i had a problem to hide my cock in my shorts.

“I don’t know how, but i know that i have to.

I need to wee since i went to sleep yesterday and now i am still holding it, feel how swollen my bladder is.” she said and putted my hand on her belly.

Oh my god, what was she doing to me, she made me nearly cum in my shorts.

She did know it very well, what she was doing, she wanted to make me horny on purpose.

She pressed my hand hard against her bulging bladder and started to tremble.

I pressed first soft and then harder and harder and i think that she did like it.

She did like to get tortured and for me it was obvious that she was a little bit maso.

A few minutes later my friend was coming back and a think that he could see what i did with her or better, what she did with me.

Before he did sit down again, he did give us a large coke.

Then he whispered in my ear “did my little slut complain about that, that she is not allowed to piss?”

”She should get punished for that!

She is not allowed to piss since 24 hours and a large coke would be torture for her bladder and punishing enough. What do you think?” he asked me.

He did say it on purpose so loud that she could hear it.

” Oh no, please don’t make me drink some more, i am frantic to wee, i can’t endure that. Let me wee.” she was was begging.

” Is she really able endure that, holding it for so long and drink some more? I think there will be no girl who can endure it “ I whispered in my friends ear.

”Oh yes, my little slutty can do that, she is really, really good in holding and she is maso, she like it to get tortured.

I am a sadist about bladder torture. I love it to torture her bladder more that she would like to get her bladder tortured.

So it is not a question “ can she endure that, she simply has to!” he answered so loud that she could hear it.

„Oh no, my bladder will burst if i drink that and if i can’t wee.“ she said.

“You should drink and not talk so much„said my friend.

He told me silent, that she is not really interested at soccer, he take her to the games only to make her hold.

He love it to know that she would need to wee so bad and he loves it to make full bladder sex after the game.

On the way back to my friends car, the girl could nearly not walk. Her bladder was so full and so heavy and the pressure in her bladder was so strong, that we had to stop sometimes for her, for to cross her beautiful, nude legs.

This girl was so sexy in her desperation, it was nearly not to endure.

“Is it that what you like? Do you like to see me suffer like that?“she asked.

“Oh yes, we love it, we really, really love it!“ my friend answered and he did answer for me too.

On the way home, she was sitting on the back seat.

I always had to turn around to see her, i was forced to do it from my own hornyness.

To know that she did not wee since 26 hours, to see how she did push her short skirt, with both hands between her thighs, so that her slender thighs was nude, up to her panties. To see that her bladder did become so big, that her slim abdomen was rounded and swollen and to hear her groan, from needing to wee so bad, was nearly to much for me.

For me, she was the sexiest girl in the world, at this moment.

How should my story end?

Should my friend invite me for a drink ?

Should we make her drink more and make her hold, until she do it in her panties?

Should we both make full bladder sex with her?

Should we play with her bladder?

Have you any ideas?

For me, it was the best and hottest soccer game i had ever seen, or better i not seen, because i did not really watch the game.

My eyes was at the belly, on the legs and between the nude thighs from this fantastic, sexy and so bursting full girl.

It was cool and the cool wind was blowing between her thighs up to her panties.

I love it and it is arousing for me if girls have naked legs, even it if cold .

Sometimes I could see goose pimples on the smooth skin of her thighs and i think they were not only from the wind, i think it was because she was needing to wee soooooooo really, really bad.

*003*2020-09-07 20:52

{{On 3/23/2020 at 1:45 PM, HoldingPrinces said:

Good story.. Liked it

}}

I AM GLAD THAT YOU DID LIKE MY STORY!

*004*2021-10-20 21:49

{{On 3/21/2020 at 7:35 PM, Guest Peter-P said:

Magic to imagine this bursting woman...!

}}

Yes magic to imagine to think that she did not wee for 26 hours and that she gets fu..... before she was allowed to wee.

