How long can girls go, not to go?

Author: huberp76

*000*2021-08-25 21:08

How long can a girl go - not to go?

How long can a girl hold her pee, how long can she endure to overfill her bladder, or to get her bladder overfilled, how long can she keep her urine inside her? How long can she suppress her urge and her need to wee? How long can she keep her panties dry?

Questions like this i am asking myself since i can remember.

Whenever i spendet time with a girl which did not use a toilet for a long time, i asked myself “ how full has her bladder to be after holding it for so long and how strong must her urge be?”

Sometimes girls did not use a opportunity to go, not even if they already have not been for hours.

The longer they were holding, the more i wanted to make them hold and to make them desperate. Not give them a chance to go anywhere, if it was procurable not to go for hours.

It was like a addiction, it was so exciting for me to know that a girl did not wee for extreme long, it was exciting to wait what will she do, would she admit that she is needing to wee, would she ask for a loo?

I did love it, if a girl said that it would be time for her to use a toilet, after don’t go for so long, to tell her that she had so many opportunities, but now it is impossible for her to go, now she has to hold it.

Deliberately bring her to a place where she could not go, where she had to hold it and where i wanted to stay with her for so long as possible.

”How long can she go, not to go?” i wanted to know and i was curious what she would do if she reached her limit.

I absolutely love longtime holding.

If a girl tells me at noon that we should try to find a loo for her, because she is nearly doing it in her panties, if she tells me that she had no chance today for her morning wee, then it is like you push a button, i get horny at the moment.

I would not try to find a toilet for her, i would try to make her wait and hold for so long as any possible.

Sorry, but girls who are needing to wee are so exciting and so sexy.

I love it too if a girl don’t pee before sleeping, although she has not been for hours before.

I can’t wait until the morning, not let her out of the bed, don’t let her to the loo, no wee for her before sex we had sex!

I spendet time with girls who did know that some boys gets horny, if they know that a girl would need to wee, but don’t go, if they know that a girl is holding a bursting full bladder in her belly.

They told me that they would need to wee , but did not go. They did not use opportunities, they did hold it for hours longer.They talked about their strong urge and about their bursting full bladder and that they are afraid that they wet their panties if they don’t go very soon.

Some girls did exactly know what they did with a poor boy when they did it and if they talked like this.

Other girls wanted to get made to hold it, they wanted to get tortured, they wanted to get their bladder tortured, pressed and pushed on it and some girls wanted full bladder sex.

