The traffic accident

Author: huberp76

*000*2020-12-18 23:33

Sometimes ago I have been at a business trip.

On the way home there was a traffic accident on the motorway.

The motorway was totally crossed and all cars were standing since nearly 2 hours at the same place.

On the right side there was a noise barrier, a high wall, all along the motorway and exactly there, where i was standing with my car, there was a door in that wall.

During this two hours went some boys and men to this wall and did take a piss.

I was needing to go too, but i have a strong bladder, so i did hold it.

I thought to myself, what are girls doing if they need a wee?

They can’t squat here in view of everyone, they have to hold it, no matter how full they are!

I thought, that it would be interesting how many girls sitting here around in the cars, with a bursting full bladder in their bellies.

Just a few minutes later, opened the back door from the car in front of me.

A young girl, at about 18, did get out of the car and walked to the wall, in direction to the door.

She was bending a little bit over and she did make small steps.

It was visible for all, that she was needing to wee.

She walked to the door and wanted to open it, but for her bad luck, it was closed.

She was standing with her legs crossed and with one hand between her nude thighs.

How bad must have she had needed to wee, to do that in front of so many peoples?

She tried it again, but closed is closed.

She went with rubbing knees back to the car.

We were standing for one more hour at the same place and i always thought at the girl who was sitting in the car in front of me.

I thought, about how full her bladder must have been, I thought how hard she must squeeze her pussy tight, to still hold her wee in and i thought at her panties, if they are dry, or wet.

After one hour, we slowly started to move and the car in front of me did take the first exit to a parking lot and i did follow it. I wanted to go to the toilet too.

I stopped exactly behind the car with the girl, who was needing to wee.

I did stay in the car, because i wanted to wait until she did get out.

She opened the door and did get out very slowly, with one hand between her thighs.

She was standing still for a few seconds, crossed her legs and bending over, she was not able to walk, she could not make even one step.

I was still in my car, as she was starting to piss herself.

She was squatting during she pissed.

I don’t know if she pissed all through and in her panty, or if she did slipped her panties away, but anyway, her panties were wet before she could do that.

She pissed so long and she pissed so much, her bladder must have been really full and stretched and she must have been forced to hold it for really long before she had her personal accident.

The accident on the motorway was leading to the girls accident.

Amazing, she was so strong, she could hold it for so long and then she was not able to hold it just a few minutes longer, from the car to the loo!

She was so near where she she could have take finally her much needed wee.

I would like to have spend the time before with her in the car.

*003*2020-12-19 18:28

{{8 hours ago, HoldingPrinces said:

So sad that as girls we are vulnerable for such unfortunate events. Because we are not lucky as you boys to empty our bladders wherever we want. We are supposed to hold it.

Most probably this girl might have held pee from morning to evening as most girls do, expecting to relieve the bladder after going home. But things go wrong when it unexpectedly become late to go home like this traffic jam. I also have an experience with a friend, who got into real trouble when we couldn't reach home at the expected time.

}}

That is it exactly what boys and men like me want, that you girls can’t empty your bladders everywhere, that you girls have to hold it whereas boys can go.

We boys suppose that you girls are able to do it, because you have no other chance, than to hold it in.

I love it especially if girls with a strong bladder reaches their limit, if a girl is able to hold it extreme long and is forced to hold it much longer.

Like you wrote, maybe the girl on the motorway held her wee since morning, she was needing to go before they left, but she decided to hold it until home, she knows that she has a strong bladder and that she is good in holding and that would not be a big problem for her, but then she had bad luck with the accident and she had to hold it for hours more.

I would love to be with that girl in the car and she told me before leaving that she would need to wee, but she will hold it until home.

Could you tell us please your experience with your friend, where she got in troubles on the way home.

*005*2020-12-19 23:03

{{21 hours ago, bustin2pee said:

That was a lucky sighting for you. Wish I could see something like that! That would make a good story for a comic. May I use it in one of mine in the future?

}}

Yes that was really hot, especially since that time, where the girl went back to the car with her knees rubbing and her hand between her thighs.

To know that she was sitting in the car, with a bladder full to burst and needing to wee really bad, was totally arousing for me.

I could not think anything other than about that girl.

To see her piss herself at the parking lot, was a high light.

It would be great, if you would make a comic story about that!

I wish it for you, that you have sometimes a experience similar like that.

*011*2020-12-23 07:38

{{On 12/21/2020 at 12:19 PM, HoldingPrinces said:

That was a normal school day which we had after-school classes in the evening to which we directly go from school. Usually I never go to school toilets and toilets in the tuition class. So that day when that class ended at late evening, my bladder was very full with all day's urine collected from morning to evening. I had my friend with me who goes home with me, as she was living nearby. Her habits are also somewhat similar to mine as she also never goes to school toilets. But sometimes she considers using the toilets in evening class, if she is too desperate with urine collected from morning. That particular day also both of hadn't peed all day.

When class was over in the late evening, she was very desperate and tried to go to the toilet of that class. But suddenly changed her decision as there was a long queue to the toilet. She said that she will hold till going home. (I was desperate too as I was also holding all day's urine in the bladder. But I was confident that I could hold it till home)

So we got into the bus and it drove without any trouble for some time. Then we were trapped in a huge traffic jam which was not moving at all. We both were desperate to pee and very anxious. However I called my home and informed that we may get late due to traffic and they said that traffic is due to a protest of University students. (usually these protests cause the heaviest traffic as they block the main roads)

My bladder was very full, but I was confident that I could somehow keep control, as I have been in more difficult situations (I have held pee from morning to past midnight. My maximum record is 18 hours) But my friend's situation was different. She was also holding from morning like me and had been at her limit by the time of finishing the class. But she decided to take a chance as she thought she could hold it for about one hour till go home. But for her bad stars, things weren't as expected as our journey to home was taking much more time than it should because of this heavy traffic. But our bladders were more heavier than the traffic.

Her sphincter was not much stronger like mine. She was very scared that she may wet her clothes. She was violently fidgeting to keep her bladder under control. I asked her to however hold her pee, because if she wet we will be in huge humiliation. But she said that she is not sure about holding anymore. I also felt that it's true by looking at her fidgeting. However we stayed in the bus for another 30 minutes where the bus hadn't moved at least one kilometers. Then she suddenly ran out of the bus. I also followed her. She ran towards an old building near the road. Then she went towards its back and squatted behind a wall. Her urine started coming out even before she fully squatted. However she peed a lot, for about one or two minutes. I guarded her. Seeing her peeing increased my desperation too. But I held my bladder under control as I was determined to hold till I'm home.

I wrote it..

}}

Thank you for writing this experience.This is one of my favorite scenarios.

Late at the evening, two girls have a very full bladder, because they have not been to the loo since early morning.

One of the girls wanted to go to the school toilet, against her usual habits, because she was needing to wee so bad, but there was a long line in front of the toilet, so she decided to wait until home.

Although she was needing to wee so bad and although her bladder was at the limit, she went to the bus and forced herself to hold it for about one hour longer until she could wee at home.

This imagination is totally hot for me, but more hot and arousing is the imagination that this journey did last much longer than usual, because of heavy traffic .

The girl was on her limit before they went to the bus, but there was this long queue at the loo, so she decided to hold it, to force her bladder to stretch over its limit.

I think that she thought „one more hour must be able „ , but then the heavy traffic, she could not hold it anymore!

I would love to be in the bus with this two girls!!!

Both girls were desperate and full to burst.

One girl could not hold it any longer, she squatted behind a wall of a old building.

She pissed longer than one minute, the other girl watched her, she was bursting to, but she did not wee, she did hold it, like big girls should do it!

The other girl was YOU, so absolutely great, i admire you for to be so strong and for your ability to hold it!!!

Your bladder must have been bulging out of your belly, you need to wee must have been extreme strong, after holding it for so long, you did watch her, but you did not wee.

What a discipline and what a willpower and what a bladder control, tremendous!!

I think you have been proud of your self!?

Was it arousing for you to see your friend at her limit?

Thank you again for sharing your experienc.

*014*2020-12-31 07:45

{{40 minutes ago, HoldingPrinces said:

Thank you very much for the appreciation my dear. Yes, I don't pee at places that girls aren't supposed to pee. I'm a girl born to hold pee. So I will always hold hold and hold. And yes, I'm proud of myself being a girl who has full control over the bladder

}}

That sounds so absolutely hot “ I am a girl born to hold pee!!”

It is so exciting to imagine that you always hold and hold, even you are holding it already since a long time and you would need to go really bad.( For me really good, because for me is it good, if a girl is needing to wee bad!)

Did you ever loose control? Where is your limit?

*015*2020-12-31 08:06

{{1 hour ago, HoldingPrinces said:

I don't think she could hold anymore if didn't get off the bus. She didn't have any plan when she was getting off the bus. Fortunately there was an old broken building where we got off the bus, that she could cover herself from the road. Otherwise I don't know whether she would pee just besides the road visibly to everyone trapped in the traffic. As she was very very desperate, she would do that too. If so, that's an utter humiliation, and disgrace to our school too because people easily identify our school from the school uniform. If she stayed in the bus without getting off, still she would wet herself, as she didn't have any energy left to hold anymore. If that happened, that's also huge humiliation and disgrace to the school as mentioned above

Thanks.. But although my friend was at her limit at the verge of wetting, I was not at my limit. Though I was very desperate to pee, I could still hold for few more hours if I wanted. That's why I waited till going home, without shamelessly peeing with her.

You're welcome

}}

I think you have needed a lot of willpower to watch your friend pee, needing to wee to, but don’t go.

I love this kind of situations and i love strong girls who are able to control their bladders, even they are very, very full!!!

*023*2021-10-16 21:45

{{On 10/11/2021 at 11:25 PM, Doreen said:

I do the same, I too go for extreme and prolonged holds. Surrender is not an option. Like you said: we girls are supposed to hold it. We might get overwhelmed eventually by the pressure and leak, but we'd never stop squeezing our sphincters. It is the act of holding that counts, the fight against the accident, defying the flood by sheer willpower for as long as possible. Plus it feels good and gives me an ego boost secretly showing off my holding abilities until I burst.

If I fail it is extremely embarrassing, though. Thank goodness I am good at holding. And I'm continually doing my utmost to train and tame my bladder so leaks and accidents become even more rare events.

Doreen

}}

Oh yes Doreen, you girls are supposed to hold it, or like Holding Princes says “she is born to hold it!” and i love it!

You girls can “never “ hold it long enough for me and you can “never “ be full enough.You should use all your body power to squeeze your sphincter and you should use all your will power to endure the painful urge from your bursting full bladder.

I love situations where girls are holding it near to their limit and then because of some circumstances they are forced to hold it longer, much longer, like at a traffic accident. Nowhere to go for the girls, no matter how bad they would need to go.

It’s bad, i know, but it is exciting and arousing for me if boys can go, but girls not, because they can’t squat in front of someone. To know that girls would need to wee as bad as the boys, maybe worser, but they have to hold it for much longer, would be absolutely hot for me.

To imagine, what Holding Princes wrote, that most girls hold their pee from early morning until evening, until they get home. To imagine that they would need to wee very bad on the way home, because they have their bladders already very full with hot urine from all the day when they go to the bus, is very exciting.

The girls are not worried about that because they get used to have a full bladder , they get used to hold it until they are at home, but then they should get in a traffic jam, or traffic accident, then they should have to wait much longer than usual .

The girls should need to wee really, really bad, but nowhere to go. It would be great to see their swollen bellies and to see them fight with all their power to keep their panties and their uniforms dry.

It is like you wrote, “girls are supposed to hold it”, girls are made to hold it, girls are born to hold and i think girls should hold it, because they are girls.

Sometimes it is a little bit unfair because strong girls get punished for to be strong, they have to suffer a hurting urge to urinate and the pain of a bursting full bladder.

Weak girls piss themselves before it gets painful, but i think that strong girls are proud about their ability to hold it, they are proud about their strong bladders and even if they need to pee very, very bad and painful, they are proud to be able to hold it hours longer than boys who piss on the motorway beside the bus!!?

