The business man and the call boy

Author: huberp76

*000*2022-06-20 21:13

A sadistic business man rented a call boy for escort.

For escort and for to torture him. He had a special kind of sadism, he had pleasure for a very full boy bladder and for a boy who is desperate to pee. He did love to make boys hold their urine for hours and for extreme long periods of time.

The boy did not get a real good opportunity to use the toilet. He was needing to pee since a while, but he was waiting for a natural chance to go. In his job he had to be able to wait and to hold it sometimes and so he was common to have his bladder full for hours.

Later at afternoon they wanted to go to another down 2 1/2 hours away.

After lunch the boy wanted to the toilet, but the man told him that there would be no time for that, because they are already late.

The boy obeyed and did not go although he would have needed it pretty bad.

About one hour later in the car, the boys bladder was plump from holding it since early morning and from the drinks at lunch.

He was needing to pee really bad already and so he asked “ could we please stop anywhere for a quick piss?”

”Sure we could, but we don’t, i told you we are late.” answered the guy.

”But it would be very urgently and really necessary.” begged the boy.

“Nothing is necessary, you are old enough to control your bladder, nothing will change, you need to piss now and you will need to piss 2 hours later also. “ said the guy.

“But, but, but..” stammered the boy.

”No but’s, we don’t stop just for to piss for you, hold it.” said the man.

*001*2022-06-21 20:55

One hour later, one hour of suffering for the boy, he said “can you stop please, i need to pee so bad!?”

”I could, but i don’t want to, but can you stop to wail, you are not a little girl, you are a healthy young man, you should be able to hold your piss back.” answered the guy.

”That is not fair, i am needing to pee since hours, i wanted to the toilet before we left, but you did not let me go and now you don’t even stop for me. That is absolutely torture what you are doing to me.” said the boy.

”Hold it, it will only take 1 or maximum 2 hours until we are there and maybe I’ll let you piss then.” said the man.

“I can’t wait that long, it is getting so painful, my bladder became big as a soccer ball and it hurts so much. Let me finally piss please.” the poor boy was begging.

He opened his pants, pushed it down and lifted his shirt, to show his swollen belly to the guy. “Look how big my bladder became and how far it is bulging out, it will burst if you don’t let me piss!” said the boy.

”That is absolutely the wrong way for you, to show me how full your bladder is, i will never have mercy with you and your bladder. To see how full it is, makes me that i want to fill it more and more and to make it bigger and bigger. No stop and no piss for you, you have to hold it!!!” said the guy and pressed hard on the boys bladder.

*003*2022-06-22 09:13

{{6 hours ago, Alex62 said:

This man is evil.

}}

Of course, this man is really evil!

He knows that the boy did not have a opportunity to pee since he left his home.

He made him drink before and touring lunch and then he did not let him go to the toilet before leaving.

Now he don’t stop to let the boy do a much needed pee, although the boy is begging to let him go.

What will the man furthermore do with this poor boy?

How long can he bear that, how much longer can he endure this torture?

Call boy is a hard job, they don’t have many rights, not even about their own body.

They are rented and for that period of time is the customer like a owner and he make the rules.

Bad for the boy if the customer is a sadist, like our guy!

*004*2022-06-25 22:13

“Oh no, don’t poke my bladder, don’t push on it!! I’ll piss my pants if you don’t stop it.” said the boy.

” You want do that, there will be a way where you can’t even do that. Pull your pants down under your knees, show me your bare legs, show me your swollen abdomen and woe betide you piss my seat.” said the man.

”I’ll do that for you, but then you let me pee.” begged the boy.

”Your legs are great, all your body is great, you are absolutely hot, boy!” said the guy as he saw the boy nearly naked.

He could not resist to caress the boys thighs and to press softly on his firm, swollen bladder.

”Why are you doing that with me, why do you torture me so much, why don’t you let me pee? I am needing it so bad, it is so painful to hold it back for so long. Please let me go, I’ll doing it beside the car, but stop and let me go.” the boy was begging.

”You are such a hot and sexy boy and you get even more sexy for me if you need to piss so bad like now. Try your best and hold it for me, it will be good for your wallet.” answered the man.

”And what will happen if my bladder burst?” asked the boy.

*006*2022-10-04 18:37

{{On 10/2/2022 at 4:30 PM, fredomo said:

We want more

}}

I am glad you like it.

*007*2022-10-06 22:11

About 30 minutes later the boy did try it again and begged „it would last just one minute, i do it right beside the car.“

“You will not do it beside the car and you will not do it in the car, you will simply hold it, because i don’t stop and you are to old to piss yourself.“ answered the man.

“Why does it turn you on to make me suffer so bad?“ the boy wanted to know.

“I don’t know why, but it does! „ answered the guy.

“When we arrive at the hotel you can choose what you want to do, you can go to the bathroom as soon as we are in our room, or you can earn a lot more money if you don’t go.“ said the man.

“How much money and how much longer?“ wanted to boy to know.

“We move in our room, you don’t use the toilet. We leave the hotel for a walk in the city and then we will have a dinner. You don’t use the toilet at the restaurant.

After dinner we go back to our hotel room and there you will hold it for me to your absolutely limit, until you absolutely can’t no more.

I pay the double price for the weekend and it’s up to you if you want to do it.“ offered the guy.

“That’s really a good offer and i would like to do it, but i really need to pee already so bad, i need to go since hours and that would mean hours longer, i am afraid that i can not endure that.“ said the boy.

“I think you don’t even know how much you could endure if you just try it.“ said the guy.

“Okay i will try it, i’ll try my best, but let me decide if we are at the hotel.“ answered the boy.

*008*2022-11-11 09:30

The boy was no more begging to stop, he had a new goal now, he wanted to try to hold it for the guy to earn more money.

He was rubbing his still naked knees and not before they arrived at the hotel he pulled up his pants.

As soon as they were at their room the man asked „what will you do now?“

“I need to pee so bad.“ the boy said and was bending over.

“I know that you would need to per, but that was not the answer to my question.“ said the man.

“I need to pee so bad!“ said the boy again „but i don’t go, i hold it back for you, or better, i let you torture me , because that what you are doing to me is already torture for me and for my poor bladder.“ said the boy further.

“That sounds very good for me and it will be good for you as well, at last for your wallet.“answered the man.

The boy told him that it happened sometimes at his job that he had to hold his full bladder for two or three hours before he got a national chance to go to the toilet and that he is accustomed to wait and to hold it, but never before as long as now, he did not even think that he would be able to hold it that long.

He told him further that his urge was growing very fast after lunch as they were in the car, maybe because of all the drinks he had and now his need and urge is very strong but stable.

“ You will not make me drink at the evening? My bladder can not bear much more.“said the boy.

“Not more than necessary.“ answered the man.

They had a shower together, the man controlled that the the boy could not use the opportunity to letting out some urine, his bladder had to stay full.

It was the first time that the man saw the boys young body totally naked.

His body was perfect for the man , exactly how he like the body of a boy, young, slim, well shaped and he loved to see a little bulge in his flat lower abdomen.

He could not resist to touch the bulge and to press softly on it on his swollen bladder „you are pretty full down there, but you will see, you can get much fuller.“ said the man and smiled.

The boy moaned about the extra pressure from the man’s hand and said „ i can’t imagine that i can get much fuller, my bladder had never before been full like that.“ answered the boy.

They did dress for a walk and for dinner.

It was summer, the city was on a lake and the man wanted the dinner at a restaurant at a guest garden on the bank of the lake, so that the boy could wear sexy, short shorts.

He wanted to see the boys legs bare all evening.

One hour later as they had to stop at the traffic lights, the boy crossed his wonderful boy legs and said „ i need to piss soooo bad, so really, really bad “and smiled suffering.

“I know it and i love it! You look’s really cute and sexy if you cross your legs like that.“answered the man and did know very well that the poor boy would not get a chance to take a much needed pee for hours longer.

“Don’t tease me, if i have to suffer so bad.“ said the boy and smiled again.

It seams like it would get a nice evening!??

*012*2023-01-01 22:51

On the way to the restaurant said the boy „sorry sir if i talk so much about peeing, it is not usual to talk with a client so much about my bodily needs, but my bladder and my strong need to pee force me nearly to do it, because i can’t think something else than about to pee.“

I just wanted to ask you „ did you do that with boys before, did you make a boy hold for so long like me once before?“

“ First of all, you don’t have to be sorry, i love it to talk about peeing, especially about your strong urge and your overfilled bladder. It turns me on if you tell me how bad you would need to go and how hard it is for you to hold it back.

Then i think if we talk about things like sex and pissing, you should not call me sir.

Now to your question, yes i made boys hold their pee, but never before for money.“ answered the man.

“I can not understand, why do you like it so much to know that i am needing to pee so bad and to know that my bladder hurts from being so much overfilled ?“ asked the boy.

“ It is not really the pain, or better not just the pain what you have to endure, what turns me on, it is more to know that you would need to pee very urgently, to know that you are holding it back for a very long time and that your bladder is big and very full.

I love to see your moves if you fight against your strong urge.

Your smooth, slim boy legs are absolutely sexy for me, but your great legs gets more sexy for me if you cross them, or if you are rubbing your knees together from needing to pee so very, very bad.

For me you can never hold it long enough, your urge can never get strong enough and your bladder can never be full and stretched enough.

Sure that it will get painful and sure that it will hurt you if you hold it back unnatural extreme long, but i think that a big boy like you should be able to endure some pain.“ answered the man.

“That sounds pretty brutally, but thank you for your honesty.

How much longer do i have to hold it and what do you think how much pain can i bear up asked the boy.

“I don’t know, but let us find together a answer for your question. The evening and the night will be long enough.“answered the guy.

“Let us see, but i can’t imagine that i can bear up much longer. I did not pee all day long.

After lunch as i begged you for a stop, i thought that i was needing to pee very urgently and now so many hours later it is much worse and i still have not peed.“ said the boy.

“Like you said „ let us see „ !

Some hours later, or maybe not until tomorrow morning, you will know what it means needing to piss and how painful it can get not to pee.“said the man and looked full of relish down at the boys naked legs.

*013*2023-01-24 15:26

A little later were the guy with his boy in the restaurant.

How ordered they got a table in a quiet corner, but it was like a derision to the boy, exactly at his perspective was a information sign with a arrow “TOILET “

Maybe inspired from this sign but dead certain from his very full bladder he said “ i need to piss so bad, you can’t even imagine how urgently i would need to go to the toilet.”

”I know it and i love it, i love to know that you would need to go since such a long time and i love it that you don’t go, that you still hold it back although your poor boy bladder must be stretched to a XL size, to the size of a soccer ball.

You are doing it so good, you are doing a real good job!” said the guy.

„ I do my best, but my bladder has to pay for it!“ answered the boy and squeezed his bare thighs with his hands very hard from needing to pee so bad.

He pushed his pant legs from his already short short‘s up and massaged his slim, naked thighs with both hands. “Sorry but i need to piss so really bad.” said the boy and smiled.

” Boy, i already told you that you make a super good job.

You know very well to turn me on, first you tell me that you are needing to piss so bad and then you show me your slim naked thighs up to the top. You should get punished for that, for teasing me.”said the guy.

“ How will you do that, how do you want to punish a poor boy who is needing to pee so bad, what kind of punishment would i have to endure?” asked the boy provocative.

At that moment came the waiter and they had to stop the conversation.

The man could not take his eyes from the boys legs and suddenly he said “ boy your slim, smooth legs are absolutely great, they are more sexy than legs from a girl can be.”

” I am glad that you like my legs. I have i client who likes my legs too, for him i have to be a girl.

If we go for a dinner, i have to be dressed like a girl, with a super short skirt. He wants to see so much as possible from my legs, especially from my thighs. I wear a wig and nobody except him and me know that i am a boy.

At the cinema he likes it to have his hand under my skirt, he like to feel the naked skin of my thighs.” said the sexy, cute escort boy.

”That sounds very hot! You must be a super cute and super sexy girl!!” said the guy with a bulge in his pants from that imagination.

The guy was already so horny, he wanted more from that boy, especially from his awesome body. He did not want to loose time, therefore they went straight after dinner back to the hotel.

As soon as they were in their room the boy crossed his legs and said “ may i piss now?”

“Sure you may, you have been always allowed to go to the toilet, but i would love it if you don’t.” answered the man.

”How long?” wanted the boy know.

”Until tomorrow morning!!?” answered the guy.

”That will be absolutely impossible, i suppress my urge already all day long, my need to pee is painful since hours, i can’t bear up all night.” said the boy a little bit worried.

”You just think that you can’t, but you don’t know it. I think you should try it.” said the guy.

Amazingly the boy agreed. They stripped their clothes and went to the bed.

The man could not get enough from watching the boys wonderful body.

He did caress every inch of the smooth boy skin, especially his slim thighs and his lower abdomen, where his bladder was visible bulging out from his flat belly.

The skin was stretched over the boys pregnant bladder and the bladder felt hard and tight. The guy did love that feeling and said “boy, you are really, really full down there, you do really a good job!”

”You will not do that, i will not bear this ” said the boy.

”What do you mean?” asked the guy.

“You will not press and push my bladder?!! I would not be able to bear that.” said the boy afraid.

”Oh no i will not do that, i just want to feel all the pee what you are holding inside you, i want to feel the urine ball with my hand.” said the man and pressed softly on the boys overfilled bladder.

The boy moaned and groaned from needing to piss so bad, but did let the man do it.

The guy did not want to have hard sex with the boy, he wanted just to be tender to his body, he wanted to caress him and to cuddle with him.

He wanted to feel his slim, young body against his own body and so they switched out the lights for to sleep.

Their bodies were pressed hard together and one hand from the man was at the bladder bulge from the boy.

The man whispered in the boy’s ear “ Maybe i take next time a cute girl to the dinner and to the cinema.”

” I know a very cute one for you.” answered the boy and kissed him on his cheek.

*016*2023-09-26 21:50

They were both totally naked in the bed.

The boy lay on his side, his knees a little bit bent to give his bladder more room in his slim abdomen.

The man lay behind him in the same way, his arm around the boys waist and his hand on his bulging bladder.

”I think that i will not be able to sleep with my bladder that full and such an unbearable urge to pee.” said the boy.

”It will be difficult for me as well, because it is so exciting for me to know that you are needing to go so urgently and so bad and it is so arousing for me to feel your large, firm “pissball “ in your sexy belly, with my hand, but i think that we will be able to sleep. If you sleep you will not feel the urge and the pain of your overfilled bladder.”answered the guy.

”I need to pee so unbelievable bad.” whispered the boy.

”I know it and i love it!” said the man, caressed the boys swollen belly and pressed his hard dick against the boys naked, firm ass.

The guy was rubbing his body against the boys slim body and kissed his shoulder and his neck.

It did take a while until they were sleeping and some hours later, at about 3 am, wanted the boy to the toilet.

”I am sorry, but i can’t no more, i can’t no longer, i have to piss now!” said the boy and wanted to get out of the bed.

”No, don’t go, hold it back as long as you can, or better until you can’t no more . You are doing it so good, try to wait, try to do your best .” was the man begging.

”It is my best, i did not pee since yesterday 7am, that means not since 20 hours. I did not know that someone is able to bear up not to pee for so long, i did not know that i would be able to endure that.

I suppress my urge since yesterday before noon, but now i can’t anymore.” said the boy.

”Would you wet our bed, if you don’t go now?” asked the man.

”No i would not, but i have so much pressure in my bladder, my bladder will burst if i don’t piss now, i must let it out! All my belly hurts from needing to pee so very, very bad.” answered the boy.

”Hold it back, just 4 hours more and then you did not pee only once for one entire day. Your bladder will not burst, it can get bigger, it can stretch to double size or more.

Stay in the bed and hold it!” said the man.

”Do i get a bonus for that?” asked the boy.

”Sure that you will get an extra bonus!” said the guy and pressed his body hard and tight against the boys body.

” That is not normal what we are doing here, i torture myself, i violate and rape my bladder so unnatural long and hard, i force my bladder to contain the urine from a entire day, i force it to stretch it to the size of a pumpkin, just for money and you are ready to pay for to see me suffer and for that, that i am needing to pee so bad , like no boy before.” said the boy, but agreed to try it.

The man was happy about it and enjoyed the boys frantic need to pee and his slim awesome body.

The boy did stay in the bed and did lie on his back. The guy beside him with one thigh on the lower abdomen of the boy. His knee was exactly on the boy’s bladder.

The guy did know now that the boy was ready to hold it back for some hours longer, for a good money and therefore he thought that the boy would stay even he would get tortured a little bit.

The man pressed his knee soft on the boys bladder and started to rub it.

The boy was moaning, he wand and wiggled about that extra pressure from outside.

”That is not fair what you are doing to me, you can’t get enough from torturing me and my poor bladder, it seams that you will make my bladder burst.” said the boy.

”Sorry, you are right, i told you that i can’t get enough. You are so hot and so sexy and you get even more sexy if you cross your wonderful, great legs and if you whine about your need to piss, i simply have to do that!” said the man and pressed his knee extra hard on the boys bladder.

Again they started to try to sleep tight clasped.

The man kissed the boy and licked on the smooth skin of the boy.

The boy loved it and did like that man, although he was getting tortured from him.

On one hand he did like his tenderness and on the other hand he did like his dominance. Maybe he is a little bit a masochist. But sure he did like his money as well.

At 6 am, was the boy at his limit, he had not peed since 23 hours to that time.

He was begging to go to the toilet, he could not bear up one more hour he told the man, but the guy did not let him out of their bed.

”That can’t be possible, that you can’t wait just one more hour. You told me yesterday afternoon that you can’t wait any longer and now you are still holding it so many hours later, it simply must be able for you to hold it back for one more hour. Don’t forget the bonus!” said the man.

The boy turned to his side and pulled his knees up to his chin.

He lay like an egg, he wanted to prevent, that his abdomen skin and muscles would put extra pressure on his bladder.

He did lie one hour moaning and whining with both hands pressed between his thighs, his poor bladder was ready to explode.

After that hour, the man brought him a drink glass and told him to piss in the glass, he could not let him wait any longer.

The boy was standing with tight crossed legs, he was bending over and squeezed his dick with one hand until he was getting the glass in the other hand.

In just a few minutes was the glass full and it was nearly impossible for the boy to stop before the glass did overflow.

His bladder was still extreme full, he was needing all his power to squeeze his sphincter shut.

More than 5 times filled the boy that glass, before his bladder was totally empty. He was holding exactly 1.300 ml.

After a shower they went for a breakfast and then back to their room and back in the bed.

They caressed each other, they were tender to each other, they kissed and the guy was licking the boys inside of his smooth thighs and licked his, now very flat and structured belly, with his wet tongue.

“Next time you will be my sexy girl!

You are such a cute boy, with such a great body. I would love to see your great, sexy legs in a super short skirt, i would love to see your gorgeous thighs naked nearly up to your girl panties.

I want to take you to the cinema, i want to have my hand under your skirt on your bare thighs during we watch the film. I want to take you to a dinner and every body should think that you are my girl.

I think that you will be the sexiest girl for me that i can imagine, but you should know that you are a cute boy who looks like a cute, sexy girl, you can neither use the girls room, nor the boys room, you will have to hold it like a good girl!!!

