The business man and the call boy

Author: huberp76

*000*2022-06-20 21:13

A sadistic business man rented a call boy for escort.

For escort and for to torture him. He had a special kind of sadism, he had pleasure for a very full boy bladder and for a boy who is desperate to pee. He did love to make boys hold their urine for hours and for extreme long periods of time.

The boy did not get a real good opportunity to use the toilet. He was needing to pee since a while, but he was waiting for a natural chance to go. In his job he had to be able to wait and to hold it sometimes and so he was common to have his bladder full for hours.

Later at afternoon they wanted to go to another down 2 1/2 hours away.

After lunch the boy wanted to the toilet, but the man told him that there would be no time for that, because they are already late.

The boy obeyed and did not go although he would have needed it pretty bad.

About one hour later in the car, the boys bladder was plump from holding it since early morning and from the drinks at lunch.

He was needing to pee really bad already and so he asked “ could we please stop anywhere for a quick piss?”

”Sure we could, but we don’t, i told you we are late.” answered the guy.

”But it would be very urgently and really necessary.” begged the boy.

“Nothing is necessary, you are old enough to control your bladder, nothing will change, you need to piss now and you will need to piss 2 hours later also. “ said the guy.

“But, but, but..” stammered the boy.

”No but’s, we don’t stop just for to piss for you, hold it.” said the man.

*001*2022-06-21 20:55

One hour later, one hour of suffering for the boy, he said “can you stop please, i need to pee so bad!?”

”I could, but i don’t want to, but can you stop to wail, you are not a little girl, you are a healthy young man, you should be able to hold your piss back.” answered the guy.

”That is not fair, i am needing to pee since hours, i wanted to the toilet before we left, but you did not let me go and now you don’t even stop for me. That is absolutely torture what you are doing to me.” said the boy.

”Hold it, it will only take 1 or maximum 2 hours until we are there and maybe I’ll let you piss then.” said the man.

“I can’t wait that long, it is getting so painful, my bladder became big as a soccer ball and it hurts so much. Let me finally piss please.” the poor boy was begging.

He opened his pants, pushed it down and lifted his shirt, to show his swollen belly to the guy. “Look how big my bladder became and how far it is bulging out, it will burst if you don’t let me piss!” said the boy.

”That is absolutely the wrong way for you, to show me how full your bladder is, i will never have mercy with you and your bladder. To see how full it is, makes me that i want to fill it more and more and to make it bigger and bigger. No stop and no piss for you, you have to hold it!!!” said the guy and pressed hard on the boys bladder.

*003*2022-06-22 09:13

{{6 hours ago, Alex62 said:

This man is evil.

}}

Of course, this man is really evil!

He knows that the boy did not have a opportunity to pee since he left his home.

He made him drink before and touring lunch and then he did not let him go to the toilet before leaving.

Now he don’t stop to let the boy do a much needed pee, although the boy is begging to let him go.

What will the man furthermore do with this poor boy?

How long can he bear that, how much longer can he endure this torture?

Call boy is a hard job, they don’t have many rights, not even about their own body.

They are rented and for that period of time is the customer like a owner and he make the rules.

Bad for the boy if the customer is a sadist, like our guy!

*004*2022-06-25 22:13

“Oh no, don’t poke my bladder, don’t push on it!! I’ll piss my pants if you don’t stop it.” said the boy.

” You want do that, there will be a way where you can’t even do that. Pull your pants down under your knees, show me your bare legs, show me your swollen abdomen and woe betide you piss my seat.” said the man.

”I’ll do that for you, but then you let me pee.” begged the boy.

”Your legs are great, all your body is great, you are absolutely hot, boy!” said the guy as he saw the boy nearly naked.

He could not resist to caress the boys thighs and to press softly on his firm, swollen bladder.

”Why are you doing that with me, why do you torture me so much, why don’t you let me pee? I am needing it so bad, it is so painful to hold it back for so long. Please let me go, I’ll doing it beside the car, but stop and let me go.” the boy was begging.

”You are such a hot and sexy boy and you get even more sexy for me if you need to piss so bad like now. Try your best and hold it for me, it will be good for your wallet.” answered the man.

”And what will happen if my bladder burst?” asked the boy.

