Boys could pee- sister had to hold it!

Author: huberp76

*000*2020-11-28 16:36

5 boys and 1 girl went to a sport event.

The girl was the sister from the driver. They spendet a great day together.

Early evening, they stopped on the way to their mini bus, at a beer kiosk.

One beer for each of them. Then a second beer for them, except the driver and the girl.

The driver had to drive and could not drink anymore and girls usually don’t drink so much, especially if they have a full bladder in their belly.

After the second beer said the driver “we have to go now!”

”It is not so late, we have time for another beer.” said one of the boys.

”No we don’t have time, she needs to wee and there is nowhere to go for her.” said the driver and looked to his sister, who was standing with her legs tight crossed.

She did look really sexy, with her short shorts, with a short T-shirt, so short that it shows her nude belly and with her bare legs tight crossed.

The boy said “she is a big girl, she can hold it and ordered one more beer.

”That is what she did all day long, she did holding her pee!”

”She did not wee since early in the morning at home and she told me hours ago that she would need to go.

We can’t make her wait much longer, she will pee her short, if she can’t go soon, she has anyway to wait one and a half hours until she is at home.”said the brother.

”Amazing what girls can endure, she must have a x-large bladder, to be able to hold it for so long!” answered the boy and did drink from his beer.

The beer, what the girl did drink before, was as well on the way to her already full bladder and increased her urge and her need to wee so much that she could not hide it anymore, how bad she had to go.

The boys did know it now and they could see it on the girls moves how bad the poor was needing to wee .

They did know now that she did not wee since at home and like many of the boys, they were getting totally horny from this circumstances .

To be with a pretty, sexy girl, who shows so much bare skin and who is so desperate for a wee, but can’t go anywhere, had to hold it in, with all that what a girl can do to hold it, was absolutely arousing for the boys.

They started to tease her, so said one of the boys “one last beer and then we go, it will last just a half hour longer.

Can our little wee wee girl endure that so long?”

”Sure i can endure it, but it is no more funny, it hurts a lot.” said the girl, a little bit angry and was standing with her bare legs tight crossed.

Her brother was now angry too, he did not wanted that her sister gets tortured so bad.

He said that this would be absolutely the last beer and he asked the girl if she don’t wanted to squat behind the kiosk.

She did refuse his offer and told him that she would try to hold it until home.

”What does it mean, you try? What happens if you can’t? Do you piss my car then?” her brother asked.

”I can hold it, i can endure that for so long!” she replied.

”She is a strong girl, she can hold it. Let her hold it and don’t bother her!” said all the boys together.

It was obvious that the boys wanted more from the girl and from her desperation, nearly 2 hours more pee holding extreme.

20 minutes later, they went to the mini bus.

The girl walked slowly, with her knees rubbing at each step and her nude thighs pressed together.

Each of the boys was seduced from the moves of her sexy legs and from the fact that she was needing to wee so bad, that they were horny enough , that they would love to fuck her at the moment.

Only half hour on the ride, the boys were bursting to piss, from all the beers they had.

The driver had to stop, to let the boys piss beside the car.

For the boys it was third or the fourth piss, the girl did not wee even one time all day, but she did stay in the bus.

As the boys returned in the bus and the girl said, more to herself and half loud “that is absolutely not fair!!”

The boys could hear that and asked, to tease her “ why, would you need to go too?”

The girl did not answer and did suffer in silence.

The traffic did get heavier, it was only stop and go and the boys did like, that the girl had to hold it longer.

One of them asked the girl if her panties were still dry.

She did not answer.

Arrived in the city, the driver did bring first his friends home, one of the other, before he and his sister went home.

The girl was needing to wee so bad, unbelievable bad, her bladder was swollen and bulging out and since she was alone with her brother in the car, she opened two buttons from her shorts, to give her swollen bladder more room, to take the pressure from outside, had both hands pressed hard between her nude thighs.

The skin from her lower abdomen was totally stretched from her big, bulging bladder and she did massage and caress her bladder to make it less painful.

At home, as she did get out from the bus, she started to leak a little bit, her shorts were dark and wet between her thighs.

Her brother did see the patch but did not talk about it, he did know how hard she was holding and how good she did it!!

As soon as she was at the loo, she started to piss with high pressure, the first time since more than 15 hours.

