One night in a tent

Author: huberp76

*000*2023-07-16 14:10

A boy made with his new girlfriend a weekend trip.

They went to a natural camping place at a little lake.

It was springtime, not warm enough for swimming, but warm enough to lie in the sun.

They had planned to spend the night in a tent.

There were some other tents at this place, but they were fare enough away to have enough private.

It was a natural camping place with just cold water showers, but no toilets.

For their bodily needs they had to go in the bushes.

At evening when they went to sleep, they were already in the tent, said the boy “ you have not been in the bushes all day long, don’t you need to wee?”

”Sure i would need to wee, but where?” she asked.

”Where ever you want, there are so many bushes and trees around.” answered the boy.

” I can’t do that, i can’t go behind the bushes if everybody knows what i am doing behind.”replied the the girl.

”But what else will you do?” asked the boy.

”Nothing, i am holding It back.” answered the girl.

”But you have not weed all day, your bladder must be very full, can you nevertheless hold it until tomorrow?” asked the boy.

” I don’t know, but i have to!” answered the girl.

When they waked up next morning said the girl “Good morning . Sorry that i make troubles, but i need to wee so bad, can you bring me please somewhere where i can pee as soon as possible?”

It was the first time at the boys life that he was getting turned on from the knowledge that a girl is needing to wee and that she is holding a very full bladder in her belly.

He wanted more of it, he wanted to make her hold, he wanted to know what she would do if she has to hold it for some hours longer.

He wanted to know how long a girl can hold it back and how long a girl can last without a wee.

”I am sorry that you are needing to wee so bad, but we said that we want to visit that old castle near here and then we want to go for a lunch. Can you hold it that long?” asked the boy.

”oh my god, i don’t know, i need to wee really, really bad, i did not go since yesterday morning, my bladder is big as a pumpkin.” answered the girl.

”You can go in the bushes.” offered the boy and hoped that she will not use his offer.

Already he did like it very much and it aroused him to see his girlfriend crossing her legs and bending over from needing to wee so bad.

”No i don’t squat here behind the bushes, I’ll try to hold it.” replied the girl with a suffering voice.

The boy enjoyed it and was happy about it.

They had a little breakfast in front of their tent, then they packed all together for to leave.

One hour later in the car the girl asked “how long until we are there?” and pressed both hands between her thighs.

”I don’t know exactly, but i think not even one more hour. Is it that bad?” he asked prurient.

”Oh yes It is, It is more than bad.” answered the poor girl who did not wee since nearly 27 hours.

The boy did like that new situation about a girl who is desperate to wee, more and more and he was getting more and more aroused about it.

As they arrived at the old castle, it was more a hulk than a castle, the poor girl was not really interested at that ruin, she was just interested for a toilet, what she was needing so much and so bad since she went to sleep yesterday evening.

In reality she was needing to wee since long before they went to sleep, but there was no toilet, not even a porter loo, what she would have surely already used, but there was not any.

There were some people around, she could not even squat somewhere behind the walls, she still could not wee, she still had to hold it.

On the way back to the car she could no more walk upright, she was light bended over and her knees were rubbing.

”I have to pee, i can’t wait any longer. Bring me somewhere, where i can finally wee.” she was begging with a trembling voice.

”I am really sorry that you have to suffer so bad, I’ll try to do my best. How much longer can you hold it?” he wanted to know.

He acted the careful boyfriend , but in reality he asked her because he wanted to hear that she can’t hold it anymore, he wanted to hear that she is needing to wee so very, very bad, unbearable bad, he wanted to hear that her urge and her need is painful and that her bladder is about to explode.

”I don’t know how long, i did never before hold it for so long, i could not even imagine that i would be able that i can bear up for so long without to wee, but now i can’t no more, please bring me somewhere where i can wee, i really, really HAVE to!” said the girl.

”Okay, I’ll do my best, just maximum one more hour, but what do you think how long would you be able to hold it if you would not get a opportunity, could you put it off until we are at home? Sorry for my questions, but it is so exciting for me that you did not wee since so long, your poor bladder must be already full to burst!!!???” said the boy.

He was so horny that he wanted to talk about the girls need and about how urgently she is needing to go.

”It seems like you like to see me suffer!?”said the girl.

Sorry, i is absolute new for me, but if i am honestly, it is exciting for me that you did not wee since yesterday early in the morning and it is exciting for me to know that you are holding so much urine in your bladder.” said the boy and lifted the girls T-shirt to see her bare belly.

Her lower abdomen was swollen until up to her belly button and her bladder was visible bulging out.

” Oh my god, how much are you holding here inside.” he said and caressed her belly, or better she caressed her firm bladder.

The girl had her hands pressed between her thighs and her thighs crossed hard over her hands.

Not even a half an hour later she said “ stop please, i have to pee now, i MUST pee now, it’s coming out of me. Stop before i wet your seat,”

They were at a country road to that time as the boy asked “where should i stop?”

”Here where we are!!” answered the girl and pressed one finger hard on her peehole.

The boy could no other than to stop, the girl opened the door, pulled down her already wet panties and squatted beside the car for a piss that could not wait for not even 10 seconds longer.

She was starting to piss full force before she already was squatting.

It was hissing like it was ripped her peehole from the pressure, it was jetting out of her with the pressure from high pressure washer.

For so long she was not ready to squat behind a bush and then she did it beside the car in view of all the people who did pass with their cars.

I think that all girls, even the most shy girls will squat somewhere when it gets unbearable, when they absolutely can’t hold it anymore!!!!

