To shy to ask for a wee!

Author: huberp76

*000*2024-06-22 12:27

A boy did take his new girlfriend to the city.

For nothing special, just for spending time together and for to have a nice day.

They did leave in the morning and had a late breakfast after arriving.

They walked around, looked at show windows and had a drink at a coffee shop before noon.

Before they were leaving excused the boy himself and went to the toilet.

The girl was needing to wee already as well but didn’t go. She didn’t know where the toilet was, there were no signs and she was to shy to ask for it.

It was not really necessary, she would have been able to wait for a better opportunity and therefore she was waiting at the table until her friend was back.

Some hours later, it was already a little after noon, they had a lunch at a kiosk.

There were some tables and chairs outside on a place but there were no toilets around.

The girl was needing to wee already urgently and was worried and disappointed about that situation, but she was still to shy to admit her friend her plight.

She did drink coffee and orange juice at breakfast, one drink before noon and now a large drink at lunch, but she didn’t have a wee since her morning pee, early in the morning.

She was needing to wee already very bad and didn’t know what to do. She had to tell it her friend because she HAD to wee now and was sure that she wouldn’t be able to hold it for much longer.

It was such a shame for her to admit her need, she was pee shy since she can remember.

Therefore she still didn’t say something, she suppressed her urge with all her willpower and all her bodily power and hoped to find as soon as possible a natural opportunity to take a much needed pee.

They walked for a while through the city, the last drink was on the way to the girls painful overfilled bladder and her urge was getting stronger and stronger.

She had to bring oneself her shyness and said silently “I would need a toilet at anytime.”

She said that in a way like it wouldn’t be very urgently, not like a girl usually would say that who is needing to wee since hours and is holding an already hurting bladder in her lower abdomen.

The boy answered “ i am needing a loo as well, we try to find one.”

”Is it very urgently, or can you wait until we randomly see one.”he asked.

”I can wait.” she was lying, because she didn’t wanted to be a weak little girl in the eyes of her new friend and she was hoping that it wouldn’t last too long and that she would get her chance very soon.

For a boy who is in omorashi would it have been a dream to walk with a girl through the city which is bursting to pee, but our boy didn’t even think about that his girl was not at the toilet the entire day and that she did drink a lot during all that time and that her bladder must became very big and expanded to be able to contain all that.

He could feel his own urge, but didn’t think that he pissed already a large amount what the girl was still holding.

There was no toilet on the way where they walked. He was able to hold it and the girl didn’t say something more about her need to wee and was still waiting for a good opportunity.

She was getting more and more frantic to pee, but the boy didn’t even notice that. He didn’t notice that she was standing with tight crossed legs in front of the shop window and that she had her hands balled to fists from the effort to squeeze her sphincter shut with all her power.

The pressure in her bladder was so high that she was afraid that her wee would coming out against her will.

It was hurting her so much that it was getting unbearable, she couldn’t wait anymore. Shy or not shy, she simply HAD to piss now!!!

”Sorry but i have been waiting for so long for the toilet, i can’t wait any longer.” said the girl bashful and begging for understanding.

”Oh my god, why didn’t you say that before that it is that urgently?” asked the boy worried about it and was overstrained with this situation.

“ There is a little shopping mall here vis-à-vis, maybe they have a toilet.” said the boy and went with his girl on the other side of the street.

As soon as they did enter, they saw a sign toilet and they went in that direction.

As they were there there was a advice that the toilets are closed for renovation.

The girl was getting in panic, she looked to the boy, but he was more and more overburdened with that situation and didn’t really know what to do with his girlfriend.

”There is a coffee shop, maybe that they have a toilet.” he said and went in direction coffee shop.

They were sitting down and ordered a drink.

”The toilet down there is closed, is there another toilet anywhere?” asked the boy.

”No, i am sorry that is the only toilet in the mall.” answered the young pretty waitress.

”My girl is needing a toilet very, very urgently, is it possible that she can use the staff toilet?” asked the boy.

”Sorry, but we don’t have a staff toilet.” replied the waitress.

”What are you doing if you need to go?” asked the boy curious and baffled.

”I would need to go now as well, but i can do nothing than to hold it back and wait until i am at home.”answered the waitress calmly.

”Most of the time it is not a big problem, i am good trained for this job, i never used the toilet at school, i am accustomed to hold a full bladder for a long time.

They told us at the job interview that it is a job just for strong bladdered girls, because we will not get a chance to go to the toilet the entire shift.

That has nothing to do with the renovation, even when the toilets down stairs are open to use we can’t leave our place.

At some days, like today when i have to work a double shift it can get worse, then i can’t go the entire day.” said the waitress.

It seemed as she was proud about her bladder control and her ability to hold her wee for so long and it seemed that she did like to talk about it.

” Oh you poor have not been at the toilet since you left your home and you can’t go until you are back at home. That must be a great torture for you.” said the boy.

”Yes it becomes to a torture at the evening, but it increases the self control. I am not poor, i did know what i have to do and what i don’t have to do or can’t do as i did take that job.” answered the waitress.

The boys girl was surprised and disappointed at the same way. Her friend did care about the waitress plight, he had pity with her and didn’t even think that she also wasn’t at the toilet since early morning and that she was needing to wee since hours.

For the boy on the other hand was it new that he was getting aroused about the circumstance that the two pretty girls were needing to wee but couldn’t go.

The imagination that they both had a very full bladder in their bellies was turning him on very much.

The waitress brought the drinks and said to the girl “there is a little park near there, maybe there is a public toilet where you can go.”

”Thank you for the tip.” answered the girl thankful.

”And what is about you? How long does your shift last?” asked the boy already aroused and lust full. He wanted to know how much longer the service girl had to hold her wee.

”Until 8 pm.” replied the waitress.

”Oh my god, that means you can’t wee for nearly 5 hours longer until you are at home.” said the boy.

He looked at the waitresses sexy legs which were nude up to far over her knee. He did imagine how hard she had to squeeze her slit under that ultra short skirt tight to keep her panties dry, especially before closing time.

”I can’t drink up that!!” said the girl and was begging for sympathy.

”Drink just the half and leave the rest.” said the boy generous.

He was already turned on so much about that situation. He wanted to make her drink more and wanted to watch what will happen then.

How would the girl who was frantic to wee act? Would she wet herself? Would her wee running down on her legs, or would she be able to hold it longer? How much longer?

He knows that it was evil, but it was a new kind of horniness for him and he wanted more of it, much more!

The glass was half empty as the girl squeezed the boy’s hand and said “ please bring me to a toilet before i do a wee in my panties. Please let me wee somewhere, i can’t wait no more, i have to wee so very, very urgently, worse than ever before in my whole life.

The boy for himself was needing to piss urgently very well again, but would have been ready to hold it for hours longer if he could prevent that his girl would piss.

As they leaved the coffee shop said the waitress “ i wish you luck, but don’t worry too much, you can endure much more than you would believe, more than you can imagine. Believe me, i know what about i am talking.

Sometimes i need to wee already at noon pretty bad, but i have to serve drinks and i am still able to hold it until late at evening.

We girls are able to do that, we girls are strong if we have to be strong!!!

Cheer up!! You will make it!!”

”Thank you for cheering up my girl, maybe we come back again before we go home.” said the boy.

He wanted to see the young, sexy waitress again with her bladder filled up for hours more.

Would she have to cross her horny legs sometimes to keep her panties dry?

But first he could enjoy his own girlfriends need to wee and her fight to hold it.

*003*2024-06-23 07:48

The boy did leave the shopping mall with his girlfriend and went out to the street with her with his arm around her hips.

The girl wanted to get as soon as possible to the park for a so much needed wee, but her bladder was too full for to walk fast.

Her bladder was like a big heavy ball in her lower abdomen which was getting moved, shook and tortured by every step she made.

She could feel how the skin over her bulging bladder was stretched and how it pressed from outside on her overfilled bladder by every move she made.

She was such a good girl, she was not angry, she was totally ashamed, she did excuse her for walking with small steps and rubbing knees and said that she was sorry for acting like a little schoolgirl, but she is needing to wee so unbelievably bad that she can’t no other than walk like that, she said that she is nearly doing it in her panties.

For explanation and excuse she told his friend that she was already needing to the toilet since long before noon and that she did try her best to hold it and to wait, but now she can’t anymore and any longer.

That was no reason for the boy to have mercy with the girl, on the contrary, he was getting more and more horny about it.

It was so new for him that he couldn’t believe that the circumstance that the girl beside him was needing to pee so extremely bad could turning him so much.

His boner was rubbing in his shorts so hard that he had to be careful not to cum.

The waitress was a sadomasochistic girl.

On one hand she was masochist, she did love to torture her own bladder. She did love needing to pee very bad but don’t go as long as possible.

She did hold it back even if it was already painful and if it was hurting her.

She did love being forced to hold her full bladder on double shifts for hours on end.

Need to go so very, very bad, but have no chance to go, that was it what she loved.

On the other hand she was a sadist, she did love if someone else was needing to pee but couldn’t go.

Especially girls should be denied to wee for extreme long periods of time.

She did love it to make girls desperate and frantic to pee and she did love to see them fight against their bodily needs so long as possible.

Sometimes she visits her colleague at the coffee shop late at evening when she is doing her double shift.

She is a pretty young student girl and our waitress loves it so much if the poor girl tells her how bad she would need to wee, if she tells her that her bladder is about to explode and that she can’t think any other than to wee finally.

To know that she had to hold it for one or two hours longer, that she will get no chance to wee how bad it ever will get, is turning her on very much.

The bad waitress loves bursting full girl bladders and girls desperate to pee and therefore she told our girl to go in the park for a wee to one of the public toilets.

If she would had just a little bit mercy with the poor girl who was already frantic to pee, she would have told her that there is another coffee shop with a toilet just 2 minutes away around the corner.

The waitress was needing to piss but couldn’t go, so that girl should suffer as well, she should hold it like she have to hold it!!

That was it what she wanted and she did enjoy the imagination that the girl was full to explode, but still had to hold it!!

She was enjoying the imagination and the surprise when the girl is arriving at the park and see the public toilets as well.

*005*2024-06-23 08:53

{{53 minutes ago, Denial said:

Love the new chapter!!! Your characters are determined and push their limits!

}}

Thank you, i am glad that you like it!!

*006*2024-06-24 06:34

The girl walked with small steps and her thighs close together.

Not even 10 minutes later they were at the little park what about the waitress talked.

They could see the toilet building not far away from the entrance.

”I didn’t think that i would cope with that. Just some more minutes and i am out of my misery.” said the girl, looked to her friend and did try to smile.

The boy on the other hand was disappointed about the end of his girlfriend’s pee holding show and about that his extreme horniness will end when the girl had pissed.

He was needing to pee already pretty bad again, but would have been willing to hold it for hours longer when the girl had to hold it as well.

He did not know until then how much a girl who is desperate to pee can turn him on.

He was near to ask her if she would hold it a little longer for him, but they were already at the building.

The building was like a round kiosk with a door in the front and a sign “men”.

They walked to the back side because they thought there would be the door for the ladies, but there was no door.

They were back in the front of the building. The girl was standing bending over and with tight crossed legs in front of the door.

There was a bench near the toilet where people were sitting. One of the older men saw the girls distress and said “ i am sorry for you girly but that is just a urinal for men.”

”Where are the ladies?” asked the girl desperate.

”There are no toilets for ladies in this park.” answered the guy.

The girl was needing to wee so unbelievably bad, she was so near to let it out. She was so near to be able to pee her painful urge away.

In her mind she had already her panties down on her knees and was already weeing as she saw the toilet, but now she couldn’t get in because she is a girl.

”That is so unfair!! Girls have as well a bladder what is getting full, girls are needing to wee as well!! Why does girls always have to hold it when boys can piss so easily everywhere?” she thought to herself.

She always used to be a pee shy girl, she often suppressed her urge for long periods of time, because she was not able to talk about her bodily needs and to admit that she would need to wee, but she never suppressed her urge as long as now.

The boy didn’t want to make a show in front of the men and therefore he did lead his girl to an empty bench a little bit away to a more quiet place.

The girl was sitting on the bench, lightly bent forward, she had the fabric of her mini skirt made to a knot and had it pressed hard between her thighs.

Her thighs were nude up to the top that way, but she didn’t care about it.

She was no more able to care about it, she was needing to wee so bad and so urgently that she was needing all her focus and all her power to keep her wee inside her.

Never before saw the boy fight a girl so hard to keep her panties dry and never before in his life he was so horny about that.

”How much longer will she be able to hold it back, how long will it last until she piss herself?” he asked himself.

”May i go behind the bushes?” asked the girl shyly.

”No i think you may not, big girls like you don’t anymore squat in public not even behind some bushes.” answered the boy, because he wanted to see her hold and suffer.

*007*2024-06-25 13:42

“Let me do it! Nobody will see me.” was the girl begging.

”The old guys at the bench are always watching you, would you like that they know what you are doing behind the bushes? Would you like that they think you are a little gal who can’t hold her wee?“ asked the boy.

”Usually not, but i can no more care about what they think, i need to wee, i have to wee!!” answered the girl.

”Maybe that you need to wee, but you don’t have to wee, there is a big difference. I am sure that you can hold it longer!

Remember what the waitress said, she said „ don’t worry, you can endure much more than you would believe .“ I think she knows what about she talk and she is also still holding her full bladder and she will have to hold it for hours longer until she can go home after her double shift.

I am sure that you can wait until we find a good opportunity for you to go.“ said the boy.

They were sitting for a little while on the bench. The girl was calming down more and more.The rest of her drinks was already in her bladder and therefore her urge didn’t rise up so fast anymore.

Her bladder was firm and expand, there was a lot of pressure inside, but the pressure was now constant and the girl was already accustomed to the fullness, at the pressure and at her strong urge.

She agreed to wait and to search for a better opportunity.

“I need to pee very bad as well.“ said the boy. „Would it be bad for you if i go to the urinal before we leave?“ he asked.

„That is not really fair, you went already, but i not even once, but it doesn’t get easier for me if you need to go as well. You can go and i am waiting here.“ answered the girl.

“That would really not be fair, it doesn’t make it in fact easier for you, but maybe it’s a little help for you? I don’t don’t go, i hold it with you.“ said the boy.

In reality he wanted to feel the feeling of a full bladder, he wanted to feel the feeling of needing to pee and he wanted to imagine how much worth the girl was needing to wee, which didn’t wee since she was getting up early in the morning.

They went out of the park. It would have been so easy to let the girl piss. There were so many restaurants and coffee shops with toilets around, but the boy was searching for a public toilet and the girl didn’t ask for anything else.

In reality didn’t the boy search for anything, he wanted just walk around with his girlfriend and her bursting full bladder, he wanted just to make her hold. He wanted just see her fight.

It was about 5 pm, the girl moaned more and more, she was rubbing her knees, she walked in a way that everyone could see that this girl was needing to pee.

When ever she could, she crossed her sexy legs for some seconds.

“I am scoured.“ said the girl.

The boy thought that she was talking about her feet, or about her heels.

„ Are your shoes too small?“ he asked.

“No not my feet, I mean i am scoured and rubbed between my thighs. My panties are wet and they are rubbing between my thighs. It is hurting and burning down there and my bladder hurts like it would explode in some minutes as well.“

She told him that it was coming out of her and that she could only stop it if she crossed her legs very tight.

She said that she can’t believe that she is talking about all that, usually she is even to shy to admit when she is needing to wee, she did never before talk with a boy about her humanly needs, but now she is doing it, because she can no more think about anything else than to finally wee.

“I HAVE to pee NOW before it goes in my panties.“ said the girl and crossed her legs again.

It was arousing and turning on for the boy to see the girl walk a „bursting to pee walk“, it was arousing to see her bladder bulging out and it was turning him on very much to know that her little panties were already wet from her wee.

He did think about how hard she had to squeeze her piss slit together to resist the urge and the pressure.

He wanted to see more of it, he wanted to make her hold longer, but he realized that she was near her absolutely limit.

He didn’t want to humiliate his girlfriend, he didn’t want to make her wet herself in front of all the people, therefore he offered her to bring her back to the park and would let her wee behind the bushes.

He thought that there he would find a way to watch her.

*008*2024-06-29 01:25

„I don’t know if i am able to hold it for so long. I need to wee so unbelievably urgently, it is no more to bear.“said the girl and squatted down on the street beside the cars and hold tight with one hand on a street lamp bole.

“You will not pee here on the street like a weak little school girl!!? Or will you???“ blustered the boy.

“No i will not, i’ll try my best not to do it and to hold it inside of me, but it hurts so much, it is so painful!!

I suppress my urge since long before noon, i am needing to wee already as you went.

It is inhumane, it is torture that i can’t to the toilet even once the entire day.

Look my bladder is big and hard as a bowling ball, can it burst if i am holding it for so long.“ asked the girl and was standing up, caressed her bulging bladder and knotted her sexy legs as hard as she could.

The boy was turned on very much about to hear her talk about her bodily needs and to see her act like that.

He said „the waitress told you that you can endure much more than you can imagine, i guess you will be able to wait just a half an hour longer and NO your bladder can not bust, you will pee yourself long before that happens.

His girlfriend was getting so very, very sexy because of her desperation for him, more sexy than she was ever before for him.

He wanted to have sex with her at the moment, he wanted to make her hold, he wanted to torture her and her bladder all at once and therefore he started tease her and said well knowing that it is unfair „I am needing to piss als well very bad, but i am holding it because of you, but i don’t whine like a little boy.“

The boy was needing to piss really very bad as well, but he did love that feeling and he loved even more to imagine how much worse the girl must needing to pee which had not weed since her morning pee.

It was making him so horny to see her walk with her thighs so close together and with her rubbing knees, it was turning him on to see her stop on and off to cross her legs.

He did think at her overfilled firm, big urine balloon inside her lower abdomen, he did think how the wee is coming out of her pee hole between her thighs each time before she stops to cross her legs and he did imagine how her wet panties are rubbing on her pee wet girl slit.

The girl on the other hand didn’t even reply to the boys teasing words. She did need all her power not to piss.

As they arrived at the park, she stopped once more to cross her super sexy legs and he could see how some drops of urine were running down on the bare, smooth skin of her thighs.

“To you piss yourself now?“ asked the boy.

“No, i don’t!! I am still holding it!!“ answered the girl with a trembling voice and balled both hands to fists.

They were already at the bushes and there was a small way between the bushes and the park wall.

“Go in there, I’ll standing guard.“ he said and went with her behind the bushes.

He wanted to see her piss. He wanted to see how it is coming out of her young cunt.

As quickly as possible pulled the girl her panty down under her knees and started to piss before she was able to squat.

She pissed so hard and so long that it was nearly not to believe that the girl was able to hold so much wee inside her.

“That must have been really, really urgently. said the boy and told her to pull her wet panties down and to leave it here behind the bushes.

The girl did what she got told and said „that was so urgently that i thought i would explode. All my belly was hurting and my bladder is still hurting.“ she answered.

The boy pulled his shorts down and wanted to piss too, but that was not so easy with his boner. It did take very long until he was totally empty.

“We go now to the shopping mall, to our coffee shop for a little snack.“ he said.„

“You just want to go to the waitress. I realized at the first moment that you like her.“ said the girl furiously.

“She is indeed a fascinating girl, but you don’t have to be jealous, i just want to see if she is already desperate near the end of her double shift.“ answered the boy.

It was exciting for the boy that his girlfriend was naked under her short skirt and it was turning him on.

“How does it feel without panties, did the wind already drying your little pussy down there?“ he asked.

“It‘s a funny feeling, but it feels good to feel the wind between my thighs.“ answered the girl.

The boy didn’t know until today that a full girl bladder and a girl desperate to pee could make him so horny and the girl didn’t know until today that she would ever been able to talk with a boy about her need to pee and about her pussy.

As they arrived at the coffee shop said the waitress „hi i am glad that you are back.“ and then she asked the girl if she was able to empty her full bladder in the park.

She did know very well that she was not able to go to the toilet at the park.

They told her what happened and the waitress said „oh you poor had to suffer for so long. In reality she did enjoy it to hear that.

“And what is about you?“ wanted the boy know.

“My bladder is full to burst and already up to my navel, i am needing to piss like crazy as always at the end of my double shifts.“ answered the waitress and smiled.

“But i think you love to hear that!“ she continued.

The boys girlfriend was looking bewildered and didn’t understand what about they talked.

“Didn’t you know that some boys love it if we girls are full to burst and if we don’t wee until our eyes turns yellow?“ said the waitress.

“Your boy is one of them, i realized that from the first moment.

Train your bladder, hold your pee for him as long as you can and you both will have the best sex that you can imagine, maybe better than you can imagine.

Believe me, i know what about i am talking.” said the waitress and crossed her legs.

