The Audrey Archives

Author: Honey

*000*2019-08-25 03:23

Some warnings: this story involves minors, and this chapter includes a masturbation scene.

This is my first attempt at doing a multi-chapter story. Please let me know what you think, and thank you for reading!

Chapter One

So this is why low-rise jeans aren’t cool anymore, huh? The waistband of my pants pressed firmly into my over-filled bladder, sending sudden waves of desperation through me that caused my whole body to shiver. However, like any good story, you’ve gotta have context.

When you forget to do your laundry the day before, you’ll basically grab anything that fits and smells fine, so when my alarm jolted me awake for school and I realized I still had a very full hamper, I jumped into a pair of old jeans and a plain t-shirt before haphazardly going through my morning routine.

On the bus ride over (before the old lady who always has a head of cabbage got on board but after the man with the hat slows down the entire trip by not knowing how to attach his bike to the bus), I felt a dull ache in my abdomen. Shit, I forgot to pee before leaving the house.

“Whatever,” I thought to myself, “I can just go when I get to school.” This, it turned out, was a very poorly calculated belief.

I got to school two minutes before the bell, which meant that I had to sprint to make it to Ms Lane’s history class. I got there just as she was about to close the door, the rush distracting me from my bladder. However, the moment I sat down, I remembered my increasingly urgent issue.

As Ms Lane started her lecture on the Battle of the Somme, I began jiggling my leg. No big deal, super normal thing for teenagers to do. I tried to take notes and follow along as best I could but she was going too fast and the pressure from my waistband digging right into my bladder was not helping the situation.

I watched as the clock ticked far too slowly for another ten minutes before a huge wave of desperation rushed over me. It was the kind that makes you curl in on yourself and hold your breath. I know, you’re probably thinking, “well, Audrey, why don’t you just ask to go to the bathroom?” To that I would say, “that’s a very good question, to which my answer is just that Ms Lane is very pretty and asking is just an embarrassing thing for me to do.” I’ve always been pretty quiet, something that teachers usually like about me, but it did nothing but further my predicament.

I was still holding onto hope that my spot at the back of the class would be reason enough for no one to notice my increasingly obvious need to pee, but when I looked to my right, I saw Emma Shears staring back at me with a bit of concerned pity in her eyes. I blushed furiously and stared back down at my mostly blank sheet of notebook paper.

Another wave and my hand flew to my crotch. I squeezed my eyes shut and prayed that she wouldn’t see me holding myself. Really, I prayed that this wasn’t happening at all and it was just a very humiliating nightmare. After calming myself down, I removed my hand and placed it firmly on my leg in an attempt to combat the urge to hold my crotch.

I didn’t know if I could hold it any longer, so I bit my lip, squeezed my thighs together, and screwed up the courage to raise my hand. “Ms Lane?”

”Yes, Audrey?”

”Can I please go to the bathroom?” I asked, in the most polite voice I could muster.

“There’s just ten minutes left of class— can you wait?” she replied. And what was I supposed to say, “no?” And basically announce to the whole class that I can’t hold my piss in? Hard pass. So I nodded my head and went back to pretending to take notes.

”I can wait ten minutes,” I thought. So the minutes passed, and I went from squeezed things to saying “fuck it” and openly holding myself with one hand and rocking back in forth in my chair. By the end of the class, I was basically riding it.

Finally, the bell rang. I shoved my notebook and pencil case into my backpack and tried to walk out of the classroom as nonchalantly as I could. Midway to the bathroom, I upped it to a brisk speed-walk, and then just a full on jog.

When I got to the bathroom, it was thankfully empty. I dropped my bag to the ground and immediately started unbuttoning my pants, moaning and muttering under my breath. My hands were shaking so much, though, and as I opened the stall door, a spurt of urine came out, forcing me to abandon my futile efforts and shove my hands into my crotch. I put my back against the door and squeezed my eyes shut.

”No, no, no,” I mumbled, “please...” I let out a high moan and wiggling my hips in an attempt to stop the flow, but it was too late. I felt tears prick at my eyes as the piss streamed down my legs, soaking through the denim and pooling at my feet.

The feeling was like nothing I’d ever experienced. It was relief, yes, but also an incredible amount of humiliation, and an added bit of shame: I realized that I liked it. I was wet in more ways than one and I felt dirty and perverted, but also so, so good.

When the stream died down, I could hardly think before I unbuttoned and unzipped my pants, shoving them down my thighs. I rubbed my clit fast and hard, thinking about all the shame that I felt, how good it was to finally release it all, and how it made me feel so childish and embarrassed. I came fast, even for someone my age. It was white-hot, making my back arch and my toes curl in my boots.

Coming down from my high, I opened my eyes slowly, and the fact that I was still in public set in. My pants were completely soiled, there was a puddle of piss underneath me, and I just got myself off in a bathroom stall.

The pitter-patter of the urine dripping onto the linoleum mixed with the sound of my own panting was interrupted by the sound of footsteps.

Fuck.

*002*2019-08-27 04:24

This chapter does not contain any wetting, so I really don’t blame you if you don’t want to read it.

Chapter Two

The rapidly cooling piss soaking my pants was, I suppose, a metaphor for my impending doom. I was literally caught with my pants down.

I stood there, frozen, in the way that a child lays still to make the monsters go away. Well, this monster wasn’t going away. I slowly pulled up my pants, feeling the squelch of the soiled fabric.

”Are you okay?” said the girl.

I really think that the etiquette in times like these should just be to pretend like you didn’t see anything and get the hell out.

“Uh,” I replied, “depends on what you mean.”

”I saw you in class and you seemed... bad,” she said. “I thought I would check on you.”

Ugh, why can’t people just stop being compassionate? At least during the times where I’ve wet my pants and masturbated within the span of five minutes.

There was really no hiding, so with a shaky breath and flushed cheeks, I turned the lock on the stall door. I peeked out slowly. Emma Shears waved sheepishly, rocking on the balls of her feet. Isn’t it strange how we as people are embarrassed when we catch someone else doing something humiliating?

”Hi,” I said weakly. Real clever and cool, you know? Who am I kidding? My throat felt scratchy and raw, and I was gripping the stall door in an attempt to cover the evidence of the shameful act I had committed.

”Sorry,” said Emma, “about the whole... situation. I’m— I have some extra clothes in my locker that I think will fit.”

”Yeah, um, that’d be great.”

“Just give me a second.” She walked quickly out the door and returned in a couple minutes, all the while I was wracking my brain on how to handle this. If she noticed, who else did? How was I supposed to get my wet clothes through a school day without smelling like urine the entire time?

“Here,” she said, handing me a plastic bag. I smiled meekly before shutting the door and taking a deep breath.

The bag had a red tank top and a black and white gingham skirt. I hadn’t even thought about underwear, which was an issue that was becoming very apparent. But, without any other option, I shucked off all my clothes and put on Emma’s.

The feeling of wearing a skirt without any underwear was a profoundly strange experience that I would recommend to anyone with a lot of confidence and nothing to lose. I had one of those things.

I shoved my soaked clothing into the plastic bag, emerging from the stall and staring at the ground.

I decided that carrying my clothes (which were already outdated and worn-out) around all day was a bad idea, so I tied up the bag and put it in the garbage, being sure to place a hefty amount of paper towels on top of it.

”You look nice in that,” Emma said, while I was washing my hands. “The red looks nice with your dark hair.”

”Uh, thanks,” I replied. I dried my hands and smoothed out the skirt, turning towards her. “Listen, I just— thank you. This was all really embarrassing and you kinda saved my ass here, so I owe you one. Anything you want. And, you know, please don’t tell anyone? I think this goes without saying, but I’d really like to keep this between us.”

”No, yeah, absolutely! It’s totally cool, my brother has, um... Accidents all the time, so I get it,” she said, tucking her hair behind her ear. She was already working on cleaning up the puddle that I had made. Weird that she was willing to touch my pee, but very much appreciated.

After we cleaned up the mess, Emma cleared throat and stood up straight. “You know,” she said, “I have a spare for this period, so if you wanna, I don’t know, hang out for a while..?”

”Yeah, that sounds good,” I said as nonchalantly as possible. “I have an online course, anyway.”

As we left the bathroom, I realized that she hadn’t washed her hands. Huh.

*004*2019-08-28 04:33

{{1 minute ago, Melificentfan said:

That was fabulous

}}

Thank you for the comments, darling! Makes me happy to see someone’s reading

