The erotic Models!

Author: huberp76

*000*2021-12-26 23:25

Some years ago there was a foto agency who made erotic pictures and erotic videos.

To that time there was many girls from east Europe who wanted to make fast money with their bodies.

The agency rented some girls „private models „ to make erotic pictures with them. So it was written in the contract, but in reality they wanted to make desperation videos with the girls, but the girls did not know that.

The goal was to make a videos in best realistic style. The girls should not play and not act, like they are desperate, they should be really desperate and frantic to pee, only than could get the videos good.

The agency rented a house with a high wall around a large garden.

The girls arrived early in the morning. They were all pretty and they had a young, slim and very sexy bodies.

There were a lot of tiny bikini‘s, ultra short skirts, denim, extra short shorts and panties in all colors, for the girls.

They had to drink coffee, coke, champagne and all that what young girls like to drink and what fills up their bladders.

They made a lot of pictures, with all kind of clothes and underwear. Inside the house, outside at the garden, up skirt or just with little panties and one and the other did show her young , naked cunt.

The men did always made them drink, their bladder‘s should get full and near noon, some of the girls, when they thought that nobody looks, were standing with crossed legs.

A little after noon, one girl said that they would have a little problem, they all would need to wee, but the door from the bathroom is closed.

“Oh sorry. I forgot to say, we did rent this house for just one day and there is no water and so we can’t use the toilet, that’s why they are closed, but you said that is just a little problem, i think that will not be a problem at all, you are all healthy, young girls, you will be able to hold your wee for one day!“ said one of the guys.

They did talke something in their own language and then she told the man, that it could get difficult, because they did drink so much, but they will try their best.

The man did piss twice in the garden at the wall.

Three hours and many fotos and videos later, the girl was standing again in front of the man, this time with tight crossed legs and she told him that they can’t wait much longer, they are needing to wee so bad and she asked if he could not bring them to public toilet, just for a fast piss, they would do it really quickly.

The man told her that, this would take to much time and made her a offer where they could both use this special situation.

He told her that many people, especially men, like to see girls desperate to wee and pee holding, they could use the opportunity to make a special video.

The offer was special too, a lot of money for to drink 2 large coke and 3 more hours holding.

The girls talked again in their language and then the girl said that they will do it.

Their brain said yes, their bladder said no, but their brain did win, the money was to much and their bladder had to obey and to suffer, even it would get painful!!

To watch so many girls hold their wee with all her power, to see how their bellies gets more and more swollen and how their bladder bulging out more and more, must be very hot.

To see them fight against their urge , to fight to keep their panties dry, to see them bending over, to cross their legs, perhaps to see a girl press one finger hard against her peehole, or to see one of them squat and piss with high pressure, or to see another girl piss herself, to see her piss her panties and see how the hot girl wee running down on her naked, sexy legs, must be great and arousing.

I think that would be a good opportunity for a good video!!?

I would love to see such a video!

*002*2021-12-29 21:38

{{On 12/28/2021 at 12:11 PM, holdit247 said:

I'd pay to watch it, and I'd pay to work on the project!

}}

Yes absolutely, i would love to watch a video where girls are needing to pee really, really bad and it would be great to work on such a project.

To see a lot of sexy, young girls holding their pee with all their power, must be hot and arousing.

What would you like more, would you like to see them desperate and suffer a strong urge, or would you like it more to see them piss themselves?

*005*2021-12-30 21:52

{{8 hours ago, wether said:

I'd like them to be very, very desperate to pee. So full they can't stand still, they need to bend over and keep legs tightly crossed, or ven hold their sexy naked pussies. So desperate they can't think of anything else except being allowed a relief. Possibly a small leak might appear and flow down a leg, but not a spurt or total letting it go.

}}

I love exactly the same, i could repeat it in the same way, as you wrote. I like the way you write it too.

Great how you write “ i like “them” very, very desperate and so full that they can’t even stand straight anymore. So desperate that they can’t think any other except being „allowed“to relief.“

I agree with you, a girls panties should stay dry, she should hold it with all her power. If a few drops running down on her thighs it hot too, but then she should hold it for much longer.

*006*2022-01-05 22:57

{{On 12/30/2021 at 9:33 AM, holdit247 said:

Oh that's easy. I dislike peeing, or wetting, it's a waste of a full bladder! But, I also dislike urgency. Fullness without urgency is my perfection (i.e. no caffeine, just lots of liquid) as it means she can wait longer even while really bursting full.

}}

I like fullness too! No diuretic, so that the girl is able to hold her bursting full bladder for hours.

*010*2022-10-08 14:15

To imagine that the girls did not get a chance to wee from early morning, that they were on purpose made to drink to fill their bladders very full and to imagine that they all, were needing to wee so bad at afternoon that some of them could not even stand upright anymore , that they had to cross their sexy legs very tight to keep their panties dry and that exactly then they made them a offer to drink two more coke’s and to hold their wee back for three more hours, that is really bad and nearly inhuman, but it would be so absolutely hot, exciting and arousing.

The offer is so good that the girls simply can’t resist, they are ready to torture their bladders to the limit and to bear their pee urge and their painful need until it gets unbearable, until they can’t anymore.

I think that it would be a hot video mixed with wet panties where we can see the yellow pee running down on the bare legs, where we can see a girl is squatting and the a unbelievable amount of urine is bursting out from her slit between her thighs with high pressure and where some girls force them self to hold it although they are already frantic to pee.

The girls who are able to keep their panties dry until they get back at the studio should get an extra bonus.

To see them fight with all their power and to see them suffer from needing to wee so very, very bad would be worth a large bonus.

At the evening to make a extra video of the one hour mini bus ride from the house with the closed toilet back to the studio would be great too!!!

The poor girls did not wee since early in morning, they were made to drink all day and then at the afternoon , after drinking so much and holding it for so long, then when they thought they can’t wait no more , they should drink two coke’s more and they should hold all the pee back in their bursting full bladders for hours longer, i think that would make a good and a authentic desperation video.

What would the girls do to keep their panties dry to earn the bonus?

Can a girls bladder stretch and expand so much to contain so much girl wee?

Can the girl bladder gets so big?

