The Twelve Fanatics: Christmas Special

Author: Hikewne

*000*2020-12-27 09:11

Greetings to everyone! Over the course of the past few days (and apologies that it's a bit late, Christmas reunions caught up sooner than expected), we have been prepared this little Christmas special for y'all. This involves the main cast (and some secondary/recurrent characters) of the game The Twelve Fanatics, also shared in omo.org in the RPG section; if you haven't played the game yet, I wholeheartedly suggest that you do! If you haven't, not to worry; this mini-story has no connection to the game's plot and can be readed independently.

WARNING: EVEN if this story is not linked to the game's in any way, there may be subtle spoilers and information regarding certain stages of the game's story revealed or hinted; nothing big (especially for those up-to-date with the story as included in the game so far), but still, I feel obligued to make a spoiler alert!

Very, very special thanks to @Sunflower

, who single-handedly illustrated the scenes of this Christmas special. Visit and cheer him for his amazing work!

Now, without further ado, here is the story. Merry Christmas, happy holidays and a happy New Year to everyone!

###

In Kriemhild, a country located southmost in the great continent, the transition between autumn and winter is rarely ever notorious as the weather shifts between both seasons is rather mild and often unaccounted for. Its residents, accustomed to warm weathers and constant rainy seasons all around the year, fall prey to winter’s medium low temperatures of between zero to ten degrees seeing it as an unbearable cold compared to their summers’ hot temperatures reaching almost forty degrees when the season is at its peak, especially in days subsequent to copious raining. With all this considered, residents of this country are certainly not used to low temperatures and the presence of snow, save for the mountain areas where snow is always a punctual visitor of their winters. This year, however, is an unexpected exception to Kriemhild’s rule of thumb weathers as the temperature has plummeted below minus five degrees, expected to drop even further in the following days.

It is the late afternoon of the winter solstice day, and Solveig, wrapped up in the warmest of her wardrobe – a thick but cozy sweater, a long skirt with leggings and boots – finds herself looking around in the fields as she walks from the castle to her friend’s house now that her duties are finished for the day. Albeit shallow, there are lumps of snow spread all over the usually clear grassland around the route and the creatures that usually roam the fields are absent or simply minding their own business in an attempt to keep themselves warm. As she walks, Solveig slowly turns her head while staring at a frozen slime next to a bush covered in snow until it disappears from her field of view. As she turns her head back forward, an expression of surprise briefly appears on her face as her eyes widen for a split second; lowering her shoulders, Solveig scoffs and proceeds to shake her arms and quickly rub her hands together to warm herself more.

Once her destination is close enough, Solveig starts to trot – or, rather, leap over lumps of snow – to cover the remaining distance in a shorter amount of time, looking forward to a warm shelter within her friend’s house’s walls. Once the town’s front gates are within her sight, she spots two men, sporting their soldier uniforms but also an evident layer of warm clothes underneath them, stationed in front of it. Both of them dropped their chat as soon as they heard snow crunching under Solveig’s boots as she stepped on it and turned their attention to her.

“Hey there, Solveig! Finished early today, huh?” One of them greeted her with a smile, getting ready to open a small door on the side of the gate used to let individuals into the town.

“Yeah, there’s almost nothing to do over there. Everyone has their heads full with the new year party thing.” She replied, still bouncing over a couple lumps of snow as she reached the gate’s surroundings. “Honestly, I’m just looking forward for my week off.”

“You don’t say; can’t imagine how having nothing to do feels like.” The other man replied with a bit of irony in his voice.

“Hope you guys get some free time to be with your families, too, but – hey, at least it’s a bit warmer here within the boundary field. The road from the castle is a chilly nightmare.” She replied, tilting her head at the man as she walked past him and headed towards the now open door. As she walked across the watch post within the walls, Solveig waved at her acquaintances and colleagues before starting to trot again, this time at a slower pace.

Since the evening was not quite there yet, the town was still quite active at the time. Trotting past the blacksmith and alchemist’s stores, Solveig waved and greeted at a handful of people with a smile in her face. Compared to the roads outside, inside the town the temperature rested at a comfortable more or less eight degrees thanks to the boundary field surrounding the area, which not only drove monsters away but also was enchanted to make the weather warmer for the occasion.

With no more snow to jump over nor to avoid, Solveig’s trot from the gates to Lily’s was rather quick and uninterrupted. Once her destination was just around the corner, she gradually slowed her pace over a couple of seconds until the trotting turned into a peaceful walk. As she circled the house to reach the front door, Solveig heard the voices of Lily and Loreni, cheerfully chatting in the living room; however, she also heard rustling of leaves as well as the rattling of a small object that she could not identify.

“Hey.” Solveig called from the door, knocking twice before walking in as she started taking her boots off.

“Oh, hello, Solveig! I didn’t know you were coming.” Loreni greeted her from one of the chairs around the dinner table. In her arms rested a small, redhead and terrifyingly adorable creature with her eyes wide open; the baby, however, seemed to be struggling with her own existence as not even her pacifier was being sucked, and she was just blankly staring at the space in front of her doing nothing but blinking every few seconds.

“Hey, Sol!” Lily said by turning her head to Solveig as she heard her coming in. The girl was side sitting on the floor of her living room, in front of a small pine almost the height of the room itself placed on a steel platform that kept it straight up. In her hands, Lily held a bright red sphere that had a bright yellow frosty pattern around it. “You’re just in time! Wanna help us decorate?”

In the floor, around her friend, Solveig saw a handful of boxes with more colorful glass spheres, beads and figurines that resembled stars, gingerbread men and other whimsical forms that she could only label under the category of ‘cute’. Not only that, but the pine tree in the room, which had instantly caught all of her attention, had several of these figures and ornaments hanging from its branches in ways that both seemed like a structured pattern and a completely random one. Not knowing why, Solveig smiled while looking at it before even starting to speak.

“What’s with all this?” She asked, leaving her boots by the front door as she walked into the living room.

“It’s our Christmas tree!” The girl joyfully replied. “And it’s looking really neat if I say so myself!”

“A what tree, now?” Solveig giggled, sitting next to Lily and taking one of the figurines from the boxes in the floor to look at it closely.

“Christmas! A festivity that happens from the night of the 24th of this month to all day of the 25th. Though, now that I think of it, Kriemhild doesn’t really celebrate it… Do they, mom?” Lily asked, looking at Loreni while taking another colorful sphere from the boxes.

“No, but they should!” Loreni replied, slightly leaning forward in her chair. “It’s a day for families and friends to spend together, after all. There’s only good things about it.”

“Oh my gosh… I’ve celebrated Christmas my whole life, even when I moved over here. I never even thought that the rest of the people around here didn’t. That’s a bit sad… Kriemhild really should adopt Christmas too.” The girl said as she hung another pair of spheres and figurines from branches of the pine that had nothing on them yet.

“Wait, wait. What’s this… ‘Kreese-mes’, exactly?” Solveig asked, looking at her friend and her mother. “What does it celebrate?”

“Oh, uh… Well, uh…” Lily stuttered, taking one of her hands to the back of her head to stroke her own hair with a single, slow movement. The girl made a funny grimace as she turned her eyes towards the ceiling; her friend slowly raised an eyebrow. “I’m… actually not sure. As far as I know, it’s just a day you spend with the people you love. Oh! And there’s also presents!”

Loreni smiled and giggled at the girl’s explanation of Christmas.

“Oh. Just like that? That’s really nice.” Solveig smiled at the idea as she mimicked Lily’s actions by hanging a couple figurines on empty branches of the pine tree. “But, wait… why the tree, then? What does the tree have to do with all that?”

“Well, the tree isn’t the only green Christmas decoration. The festivity is a very old tradition coming from an ancient religion.” Explained Loreni, leaning forward to make eye contact with Solveig easier. “Its teachings have been long lost in history, but the Christmas day became so transcendent and important that the festivity is still celebrated in certain regions in the world, especially in Alcalá and Fiore. The pine tree, along with other vivid evergreens, is believed to be a charm of life and peace.”

“Oh, so that is why you two know about it…” Grabbing a couple spheres, Solveig stood up and aimed to hang the decorations in the upper branches of the pine tree. “Well, to be honest, looking at all of these colorful trinkets hanging from the tree does make me feel happy and alive. And you mentioned something about… presents?”

“Oh, that’s the best part, Sol!” Lily said, joyfully. “In Christmas, it is said that there’s a spirit that comes overnight and delivers presents to people. Especially for children! When I was younger, I always looked forward to get a new stuffed animal every Christmas.”

“You still like to receive stuffed animals every Christmas, sweetie.” Loreni said from the table, while the baby in her arms finally managed to get a grasp of her own existence as well as the neck of her mother’s cardigan.

“As long as there’s still room in my bed, I can never have enough of them!” The girl responded, triumphant and enthusiastic.

Over the course of the next fifteen minutes, both Lily and Loreni told Solveig the story of a spirit known as Saint Nicholas: a benevolent entity that delivered gifts and presents to people during the night of Christmas; they described him as a man with a long, white beard wearing vivid red clothes. According to the belief, Saint Nicholas delivered presents to those who had been nice during the year, rewarding them for their contributions and good behavior. However, the part that caught Solveig’s attention the most was that this spirit especially delivered presents and toys to children and, in both her friend and her mother’s cultures, these ones joyfully looked forward to the arrival of the saint.

Amazed by the story she just heard, Solveig could not help but to stop and think about it as she stared at a vivid red sphere held in her hands as she tried to imagine a picture of Saint Nicholas. However, just as she daydreamt about how it would have been to have the visit of the saint as a child, her train of thought derailed as she noticed a figure emerging from the side of the open front door, quickly turning into a familiar face.

“Knock-knock.” Said the redhead girl peeking out from the side of the doorframe. “Surprise!”

“Oh! Aria, you made it!” Lily bounced from her sitting position and, still carrying a sphere in her hands, ran three long steps before jumping on the girl at her front door who was just about to take her shoes off before stepping inside and wrapping her in a hug.

“Well, fortunately there’s nothing more important than visiting you all here for Christmas and New Year’s.” The redhead replied, hugging Lily back.

“Oh my gosh, we hadn’t seen you in months now! I’m so happy you could come.” Lily continued, slowly letting go as Solveig approached them and Loreni stood up from her chair with her baby in arms, gazing at her and smiling fondly.

“You have nothing to do, too, huh?” Solveig said as she stood in front of her, taking both hands to her own hips as she smirked. “Well, at least that finally lets you show up.”

“I’m sorry! I promise I’ll be able to visit more often from now on.” Aria replied, exchanging a quick hug with Solveig.

“Hello, dear. I’d give you a hug, but… my hands are a little busy.” Loreni giggled as she approached the three younger girls by the door.

“No problem, I’ll take care of that.” She replied, giving Loreni a warm side hug. Her eyes met with the baby’s as they stared at each other, quickly interrupted by the latter taking a hand to the girl’s nose and clumsily fondling it. Loreni started laughing followed by the three girls.

Gathering again around the pine tree in the living room, Solveig, Lily and now Aria continued to decorate it while catching up to their recent activities. Once Lily considered the tree decorated enough, the girls carried on with their conversation to the big table. Loreni, having left her baby secured to her high chair moments prior, took some plates as well as a big casserole of chicken stew to the table and, after the four women had their plates filled, they proceeded to eat.

Although brief and spaced, the girls carried on with their conversation at the dining table carried on. Lily constantly stopped eating from her plate to look at her baby sister and make both funny and affective gestures for her as Loreni both ate her own food and fed the little one pureed bananas. The baby, although mostly distracted by the innermost machinations of her own mind, happily ate the food she received and both laughed and cooed at her sister and her mother often trying to reach for the spoon with her hands. Solveig, however, remained mostly silent as she ate the food in her plate. She continued to ponder about the tale of Nicholas the Saint, reminiscing of her own childhood, her parents, her old home as well as her time living in the orphanage; filled with sudden nostalgia, the girl couldn’t help to let out a long exhalation in a subconscious attempt of stopping herself from sighing.

“Sol?” Lily turned to her, showing a mildly curious expression. Solveig, however, did not instantly respond, causing both Loreni and Aria to shift their attention to the two of them. “Are you okay?”

Upon receiving three different gazes, Solveig became aware of her surroundings again and slightly shook her head before looking back at Lily.

“Oh. Uh…” The brunette shifted her sight from Lily towards Loreni, then Aria, then back to Lily in a span of five seconds without saying anything, although her mouth remained open. “Sorry, what was that?”

“You were staring at your chicken like you were feeling sorry for it.” Aria added, while pointing towards Solveig’s plate with her fork.

Solveig stopped for a couple more seconds to collect herself and formulate how to respond, as she was truthfully lost in thought. The image of a younger Lily receiving a stuffed animal crossed her mind, followed by the thought of a hypothetical scenario of herself and the children of the orphanage in a similar situation.

“It’s nothing. I was just thinking…” She said, stopping for a moment as she shifted pieces of the chicken on her plate. “That… this Christmas thing sounds really nice. I would’ve loved to have it when I was younger, especially… Well, back at the orphanage.”

A melancholic silence landed on the table. While Solveig continued to fantasize about a past of celebrated Christmas, Lily, Aria and Loreni looked at each other for a few moments. Finally, Loreni broke the silence.

“I know what you mean. When we were children, Naroh, Rilhenna and I lived at the orphanage, too. However, I was the only one of us who knew about Christmas, so we never got to celebrate it. Well, not at first, at least; I eventually got us to exchange presents with each other during Christmas day.” She said, taking her baby from the high chair as she was finished eating her pureed food.

“Oh, my God… Sorry, I didn’t think about that…” Hearing Loreni’s story moved Solveig’s heart even further. For a moment there, she even felt like tearing up.

“It’s okay, Sol!” Loreni stopped her, showing a smile. “It’s not like we spent those days alone, or sad, or anything like that. We always had each other, and there was not a single day Amanda didn’t look after us all.”

Solveig smiled back at Loreni. Lily and Aria also looked and smiled at each other.

“Yeah… I guess that’s true.” The girl replied, catching a piece of chicken with her fork and eating it afterwards.

After a brief moment of silence, as they continued to eat, Aria was the first to empty her plate and take it to the kitchen sink by the corner of the living room. As she washed it clean, she started having an idea of her own.

“Hey… how would you like if we shared some of the Christmas spirit with the people in Kriemhild?” The girl said, looking back at everyone seated around the table.

“What do you mean?” Lily asked, slightly tilting her head sideways.

“Well, you know,” The girl continued as she dried the now clean plate using a small towel. “We could be like Saint Nick and give presents to the children around here.”

Solveig raised an eyebrow, processing the idea she just heard as well as realizing that Aria was talking about Saint Nicholas, who she had just recently learned about; meanwhile Lily, interrupted from taking a piece of chicken already in her fork to her mouth, frowned in confusion.

“I don’t follow. How do you plan to do that?”

“Well, see,” The redhead continued, returning to her seat on the table. All the eyes were on her as she spoke, even the baby’s. “The Observers have a treasury stocked up with various valuable items, including a whole lot of toys from all over the world. So I thought, why not use that?”

The other three women at the table exchanged looks between them. Each of them had questions.

“Why do the Observers keep toys in a treasury?” Solveig asked. At first, her curiosity was genuine; however, as she finished her question, she felt happiness sparking from her gut, compelling her to smile.

“It’s exactly for things like these, actually. From our missions, there’s been a good number of times where part of the spoils were toys left to their own luck. I know it sounds strange, but Luna, Paola and Maya take rescuing strayed toys very seriously.” Aria continued, making gestures with her hands as she spoke. “Whenever we have a chance, we give some of these to the less fortunate children.”

Solveig’s face continued to lighten up until she could not restrain her own smiling face longer as a number of scenarios of them handing toys to children and looking at their smiling faces flooded her thoughts.

“That is so cool!” Lily said, spacing her words to emphasize them more. “We could totally share some of them with the children in the orphanage!”

“Well, I wasn’t thinking about the orphanage only.” Aria added, looking back at Lily. “Trust me, there are enough toys there to cover an even bigger number of kids.”

“That sounds like a really cool thing to do, yeah. But… wait, would your – uh, bosses? – be okay with this?” Solveig asked, moving her fork around as she spoke.

“I… I think they’d even help us do it, if they could…” Aria replied, looking down for the end of that sentence. Solveig flashed a grimace of regret for asking that. “So, I’m sure it’s okay. Those toys are meant to make children happy, in any case.”

“Yeah!” Lily said, turning towards her mother. “We could also take some to the Embassy, too. You manage charity and donations over there, don’t you, mom?”

“Yes, we do!” She nodded. “We sometimes receive toys as donations as well, of course. They’re distributed to people not only in Kriemhild but all over the continent; I think it would be very sweet if there was suddenly a big donation happening on Christmas night.”

“That’s perfect! We could make a big donation to the Embassy and then head back here to give the children in the orphanage a surprise on Christmas night.” Aria said, excited, making more gestures with her hands.

“I know a couple families in the capital who recently fostered children from the conflicts last year. I think we could give them a special surprise, too.” Solveig added, looking at Aria. “But, wait… how are we going to do it?”

Lily and Loreni shifted their attention to Aria, who, albeit smiling, froze on the spot for a few seconds.

“I’m not sure.” She replied, looking sideways. She remained thoughtful, looking at the empty space next to the pine tree in the living room.

“How are you going to get the toys in the first place? Where’s the treasury you mentioned, Aria?” Asked Loreni. The baby in her arms cooed and reached for her mother’s cardigan neck again, making her smile and giggle.

“Well…” Aria spaced for a few seconds, trying to formulate an answer. “I’m not exactly sure where it is, but I have the coordinates and we could use a teleportation device to get there. Bringing them back, though…”

“We would need to set up a communication point between the warehouse and somewhere here nearby…” Lily added, taking a hand to her chin to think. Suddenly, her expression cleared and a smile showed up on her face. “Oh, I know! We could ask Hecate to help us with that!”

“Does Hecate know about Christmas?” Solveig asked in a giggle. “I feel like I was the only one who never knew.”

“Hecate knows about everything, I’m sure she knows about Christmas!” Lily replied, making an optimistic gesture with her arms. “And I’m sure she’d be happy to help with this, too.”

“I haven’t seen the skinny princess in months… it’d be really cool if she came over for this.” Aria said, resting her arms on the table. “If she does, all we would need is how to carry the presents over to the capital.”

“Leave that to me.” Solveig said. “I can get us a couple horses and a carriage, or a caravan, to take everything with us. Only thing is, we’d have to make the castle our rendezvous point.”

“Then it’s settled!” Aria said, getting up from the table. “Three nights from today, we’re going to be Kriemhild’s very own Saint Nick!”

Amidst the excitement of the moment, the baby in the room cooed loudly while shaking her little arms; everybody laughed and the three girls gathered around Loreni. The four women spent the rest of the evening and part of the night talking, laughing and having a peaceful time. Solveig and Aria spent the night with Lily and Loreni in their house, further planning about the coming days’ activities. As she laid on her back next to Aria in Lily’s room, Solveig continued to think about their plan until she eventually fell asleep.

###

As daylight started to take over the room, Solveig started to regain consciousness; this, however, did not mean that she intended to open her eyes just yet. Basking in the glory of resting in darkness and the prospect of returning to REM sleep together with the possibility of seeing the dream of herself strolling through a valley of oversized marshmallows again, Solveig turned sideways when the sun’s light started to reach her face.

In the middle of her sleep, Aria moved one of her arms, slapping Solveig in the face in a subtle motion. Groaning in response to the sudden disturbance, the brunette slightly opened her eyes and witnessed her friend just a feet away in front of her, face-up on the sheets they had placed on the floor but completely out of the ones that were covering them for the night. Solveig sighed through her teeth before rolling to her left side in order to become face-up and, as she did, she noticed Lily sitting on her bed playing with her baby sister. After meditating for nearly an entire minute as she failed to return to her sleep, the girl slowly opened her eyes and decided, or rather was forced to decide, to abandon the idea.

“Hey.” Solveig muttered with a raspy voice.

“Oh? Hey, Sol! Good morning.” Lily replied as she continued to move a doll around the bed presumably playing a puppet show for the baby, which she, unarguably, was enjoying. “Did you sleep well?”

“More or less, she kinda moves a lot. I don’t know if I should be more surprised that she manages to get herself out of the sheets in her sleep, or that she doesn’t care she’s sleeping out of them when she’s not even wearing any pants.” Solveig said as she rubbed her eyes while Lily giggled and the baby alternated her attention between Solveig and the puppet her sister was playing for her. “What time is it, anyways?”

“Like… nine thirty? You sure slept a lot.” She replied, reaching for her baby sister as she tried to crawl towards the edge of her bed.

“I guess all the walking in the cold yesterday got me really tired.” Solveig said before an extended long yawn.

After a quiet, long moan that rather sounded like a guttural noise, the redhead on the floor next to Solveig started moving her legs as she dragged her feet back and forth through the floor.

“Your voice is so squeaky, Lily…” Aria muttered.

“Squeaky? What do you mean with that?” She replied, letting her baby sister grab the doll on her left hand.

“I’m not sure…” Aria exhaled, rolling to her left. Unfortunately, this action made the sun light coming from the window strike right in her eyes.

“Are you going back to sleep? It’s almost ten in the morning, you know.” Said Solveig, using a bit of a playful joke. “Shouldn’t we start getting ready to leave?”

“The treasury isn’t going to go anywhere, and Christmas is three nights away from today.” She replied, getting back on her back and taking one of her arms to her face, covering her eyes.

“Yeah, but we kinda have jobs. I don’t know about you, but I won’t get paid if I don’t show up at eleven.”

“Wait…” Aria quickly rose to a sitting position. “What time did you say it was?”

“Almost ten.” Lily replied from the bed.

“Oops.” Aria said, rubbing her eyes before opening them wide and blinking a few times. “Guess we should actually get ready.”

The redhead stood up and grabbed the rest of her clothes while Solveig followed by getting on her feet to stretch her arms and legs. As Aria was gathering her clothes to get dressed up, however, she made a sudden stop and rubbed her own belly.

“Does any of you plan to use the bathroom?” She asked, turning her head to them.

“I got up and went in the middle of the night, so I’m good.” Replied Solveig, reaching for her own feet with her hands as a stretching exercise.

“Nuh-uh.” Lily shook her head as she replied. “And mom isn’t home right now, either.”

“Cool. I call dibs, then.” The girl replied, leaving the room with her clothes in hand, as she scratched her butt.

“Wait. How can you walk around like that? Isn’t the floor really cold?” Solveig asked while bent over as she touched her feet, tilting her head upwards.

“My body is fire, Sol.” Aria replied from across the hallway, closing the door of the bathroom behind her.

“Oh, right. I forgot about that.” Solveig added, stretching back upwards reaching as high as she could on her feet. Moments after, however, she turned to Lily in confusion. “Wait, does it even work like that?”

Lily tilted her head towards Solveig as she held her baby sister closer to her again, thinking for a moment before shrugging and making a ‘who knows’ noise.

After a brief five seconds of silence, the sound of frantic knocks by the front door echoed through the house. “Lily, it’s me!” It was Loreni’s voice, calling from the outside. “I forgot my key! Could you open the door for me?”

“Coming!” The girl replied in a loud voice, then stood up and moved towards Solveig. “Can you hold her for a moment?”

“Uh. Sure.” She replied, taking the baby in her arms. She panicked for a split second, as the creature was slightly heavier than she anticipated and felt like she was about to drop her to the floor.

“Coming, mom!” Lily continued, trotting out of the room and into the living room. Solveig followed her; the baby cooed in her arms as it attempted to reach for her hair.

As Lily opened the front door, Loreni stormed in and nearly threw bags filled with groceries on the living room floor opposite where the decorated pine tree was. She looked a bit tense and was continuously shifting her weight from leg to leg, as she undressed from a long coat she wore above her cardigan.

“You okay, mom?” Lily asked, slightly amused.

“Yes, sweetie, I just really have to go to the bathroom!” The woman replied, giving the coat to Lily as she proceeded to dash towards the hallway on the side stopping in front of Solveig.

“Uh. Hi!” She said, playfully, in a similar tone as Lily had greeted her just recently.

“Good morning, Solveig! Hi, my little apple pie!” She replied, then leaning towards Solveig’s arms and holding her baby’s cheeks and kissing her in the forehead. “Ah! Can you hold her for a little longer? I’ll just go to the bathroom quickly, and – “

“Uh…” The girl stuttered, suddenly going nervous.

Loreni dashed again towards the bathroom door and took a hand to the knob; however, instead of being able to open the door, she found out it was locked from the inside.

“Oh, Aria just went in.” Lily said, walking to the hallway after hanging Loreni’s cardigan from one of the chairs around the table in the living room. Loreni looked back at her with a rather frozen expression. “And she’s, uh…”

“Uh… hi!” Aria replied from inside the bathroom.

“Uhm – Aria, sweetie…” Loreni said, slightly bending her abdomen forward and crossing her legs as she stood. “Do you think you’ll be long in there?”

“Uh...“ A loud but quick farting sound came from within the bathroom door. “Kinda… Do you need to go, too?”

Loreni’s face made a quick expression of pain before returning to its usual. Shifting the way her legs were crossed and taking a hand to her groin, she replied in a giggle. “It’s okay, I can wait! Don’t worry!”

The woman leaned on the door and pushed her hips backwards while still holding tight to her crotch with her hand, tightly pushing her skirt into her legs.

“Mom, are you okay?” Lily asked, going to her mother’s side, now concerned.

“If you really need to go, we could probably ask Ciel to let you use her bathroom. The alchemist store is just like five minutes away.” Solveig added.

Loreni muttered a moan as she swapped between shifting her own weight from leg to leg to crossing them or simply weighing her butt sideways. Even though the weather was very cold, there were a couple drops of sweat running down from her forehead to her cheeks. She was, at intervals, completely stunned from the struggle of not letting her urethra give up against her bladder’s command of expelling all of the urine it carried.

“Nope –,” She gasped, suddenly. “I’m not going to make it even halfway there. I’m going to need something else!”

“You – you mean, like, the sink in the kitchen?” Lily asked, panicking.

“No, no! If I go to the sink, I’m going to make a mess!” Loreni replied, continuing to wiggle her butt sideways.

“Then, outside?” Solveig suggested, also in a bit of a panic tone.

“No, no, no! There’s too many people outside right now!” She continued to reject the suggestion.

“We could – we could use a towel!” Lily said again.

“No, because all of the towels are in the bathroom! And if I let go of this door right now, I’m going to go all over myself!” Loreni rejected, lifting one of her legs and extending the knee forward, moving it sideways as she continued to hold herself.

“Then, what –?”

“The potty!” Loreni said in a loud tone.

“The potty?!” Lily replied, raising an eyebrow and looking at her baby sister in Solveig’s arms, who was completely confused looking at her mother and trying to reach for her with one hand. “Her potty?!”

“Yes, her potty!” She continued, turning her head to them. She had her eyes shut tight, however. “It’s in the big box in your room!”

“Uh –,“ Lily looked towards her bedroom, then to Solveig, then at Loreni. “Mom, are you sure about –“

“Sweetie, I’m about to pee my pants! Please, bring me your sister’s potty!” She replied.

Lily panicked on the spot for a moment while Solveig, frightened and in panic as well, slid sideways so not to block the entrance to Lily’s bedroom, allowing her to rush inside. While rustling sounds came from within the bedroom as Lily reached for, moved and then opened the aforementioned box inside, Solveig just stood there infected by the tension of the moment, causing her to drop a sweat from her forehead. Loreni continued to struggle against her mighty need, letting out a soft groan. The baby in Solveig’s arms cooed as it started trying to reach for her mother more decidedly.

“Here it is!” Lily shouted as she ran out of her bedroom, now carrying a moderately sized pink potty seat.

“Put it below me, quick!” The last word of Loreni’s sentence was a squeak rather than talking.

Lily leaped three steps to reach behind her mother and swiftly placed the item on the floor right behind her feet, quickly standing up and stepping back afterwards.

In two incredibly swift and precise movements, Loreni took both of her hands to the sides of her skirt to pull it up. In a follow-up motion, let go of it to skillfully grab the sides of her pantyhose and panties in a single go and pulled them down as she dropped her butt downwards to adopt a squatting position. The moment her butt encountered the potty seat, a strong hissing sound started to echo through the hallway. The woman looked up with her eyes halfway closed and, her mouth already open, let out a long, pleasant moan. Her muscles started to relax, and her body shrunk slightly as she tried to get in a more comfortable position without risking her urine to splash outside of the potty. As the loud hissing continued, the baby in Solveig’s arms called for her mother again and she, who tried not to look at the woman peeing in a child’s potty in front of her, couldn’t help but to notice the little creature’s desire of going to her mother.

Loreni let out a long, peaceful sigh of relief before extending her arms towards Solveig as she said, “Oh, my sweet little girl…” Solveig could not help to blush as she looked at the woman’s expression of pleasant peace as she was peeing. Now holding her baby in arms, Loreni gave her another kiss in the forehead. “Ah… what a relief…”

Solveig exchanged gazes of embarrassment with Lily while the loud hiss of Loreni peeing into the pink potty continued for about ten more seconds before completely vanishing.

“Thank you, sweetie.” Loreni looked at Lily, who giggled and smiled back at her.

At that moment, another loud but rather long farting sound thundered from within the bathroom door, causing all the three women outside, including the one squatting on a pink potty, to look at the bathroom door with their eyes wide open.

“Sorry!” Aria shouted.

Lily let out a snorted giggle while Loreni laughed and Solveig smiled, embarrassed, took her hand to her forehead while muttering a laugh.

After this incident, the morning continued in a more relaxed fashion until both Solveig and Aria left to their respective duties, but not without further discussing their plans to carry out during Christmas night.

###

With the sun setting over the horizon, out in the fields of an area unknown to her, Solveig had accompanied Aria to the location where the treasury the girl mentioned the night prior was located. Both of them had arrived through a warping device configured by Aria reaching specifically to a point in the middle of the savanna. For all she knew the place was far to the west of Kriemhild, seeing how they had used the teleporting device late in the night.

After a good fifteen minutes of walking and following Aria’s lead, the girls arrived at a rather big building, at least five houses wide and large and with no visible doors or gates, made entirely of cleft stone. The construction seemed to be quite old, although Aria stated that this appearance was made-up in order to mislead traveling treasure hunters since, rather than a warehouse, the building looked like an old temple of sorts.

Sliding her hand in a peculiar motion over a specific spot in the building’s walls, Aria activated a mechanism that, with loud cracks and squeaks, made the walls of the building to open as if they were wooden gates, revealing the dark interior of the structure. Once the stone gate was fully open, a loud thud echoed inside as luminous crystals started to light all over the ceiling and walls within the compound.

“Aah, I love the smell of this place,” Aria said, hands on her waist as she took a deep breath facing the inside of the structure before marching in. “Here, the toys are this way.”

Solveig looked around as she followed her friend. There were all kinds of items and trinkets inside the warehouse, all stocked in an ordered fashion by sections: stands with pieces of hardware, weapon boxes, minerals, wooden crates with an uncanny feeling to them and even a mountain of natural sand, among all kinds of other items.

“Do you keep all of the stuff you use in here?” Solveig asked as they walked further inside.

“Not really. There’s other two warehouses like this one, but I only really remembered this one’s location. I’d ask Henry, but I have no idea where he or Eddy are right now,” she replied, rubbing the back of her own head.

“Two more like this?! Wow,” Solveig replied, continuing to gaze at every corner around her.

Finally, the girls made a turn and arrived to a section of the building that looked like the neatly arranged alley of a toy store: from stuffed animals to a couple of the latest line of miniature golem automata, there were enough toys to fill an entire room from bottom to top. As she first looked at them all, Solveig’s eyes started beaming and an excited gasp escaped her throat.

Running around and exclaiming loudly at every item she picked, Solveig looked like an authentic child excited to see so many toys in a single place. At one point, she picked a stuffed squirrel from the stuffies section and showed it to Aria, holding it in front of her own face; the redhead smiled and nodded back at her friend, who turned the squirrel back to face her and held it with utmost joy. After giving her new friend a hug, Solveig cleared her throat and looked back to Aria.

“I’m – I’m sorry. I needed to get that out of my system.” The girl stuttered, walking back to stand next to Aria.

“I’m surprised you only picked one. I grabbed like five things the first time I saw this place. Remember those dolls you saw in my room at the airship?” Aria said to her as she took out a shiny crystal and a folded paper sheet out of the pockets in her pants. “Now, let’s see here …”

Aria placed the shiny crystal on the ground after softly rotating it in her hand, making the peculiar gem to release a dim, blue glow in repeated intervals. Afterwards, both girls started drawing a moderately big spell circle in an empty space next to the toys by using a blue, phosphorescent chalk following specifications written down by Lily.

After a good fifteen minutes of work, both girls stopped abruptly as the crystal placed on the floor by Aria started to release a bright light together with a loud metallic sound. Moments after, the gem in the floor flashed illuminating its surroundings for a split second as, in a whoosh, Lily and Hecate materialized above it.

“Whoa, it’s dark in here!” Lily exclaimed, opening her eyes wide and blinking twice, rubbing them with her hands afterwards. “Sol? Aria?”

“Is this the warehouse? This place is immense!” Added Hecate, having seemingly no problems to adjust to the place’s dim light.

Solveig stood from her crouching spot on the floor a few feet away, waving at them as she rose. “Hey, we’re over here!”

“Oh, hey! Is this the –,” As the blonde was about to greet Solveig and Aria, a long gasp escaped her throat when she looked to the great stock of toys beside the spot they had just appeared at, violently grabbing Hecate’s shoulder moments after as she exclaimed, “Hecate, look!”

The princess’ eyes opened wide and her eyebrows rose from the impression of seeing such a great number of toys, all neatly organized. Not even realizing how big and stocked the warehouse was as a whole, Hecate had to freeze and process for a moment that this was the biggest collection of toys she had ever seen.

As an excited Lily started roaming the items in the toys section and continuously chanting “Oh my gosh!” as she bounced from one to other, Solveig and Aria left their positions drawing the spell circle and approached Hecate.

“Hey, Hecate! It’s so good to see you!” Solveig landed on her with a quick hug.

“You look really good!” Added Aria, giving her a hug after Solveig, “how’s things in Kardia?”

“Oh, it is all going well. Perhaps just a little boring.” She replied, getting out of her fashionable shawl. “I heard from Lily that you two are having it rather easy now that the New Year festivities are close by.”

“Yeah, there’s not much to do. At least not within Kriemhild, but the northern countries are still a mess.” Solveig replied.

“Well, it’s a work in progress, but things should get better soon.” Added Aria, “in any case, did Lily tell you about –? Lily!”

The blonde, absorbed in her own world, was bent over as she frantically hugged a whole set of stuffed animals arranged on a table, smiling and rubbing her face against them; however, as soon as she heard Aria’s call, she rose her head and replied, “Yes?”

“Did you tell Hecate about our plan?” Aria asked, hands on her waist.

“Uh-huh!” The girl replied, going back to rub her face against the soft stuffed animals.

“Yes, she did,” said Hecate as she giggled, “I have to admit I did not quite understand at first; she just told me that you girls wanted to give children ‘a lot of toys from Aria’s warehouse’, quoting her words.”

“Well, I can’t blame her for skipping a couple details on the first run. We all got a little too excited about it,” said Solveig.

“She did tell me that your plan is to make the myth of Saint Nicholas a reality in your own way, correct?” Asked Hecate, receiving a nodding response from Aria.

“Wait, so you knew about this Nicholas guy too? Wow, I feel so left out,” said Solveig, looking sideways with an expression of regret.

“I think this is a very sweet and noble idea, and I would love taking a part in it. These should find their way to anyone they can make happy,” continued Hecate, looking at both Lily and the mountain of toys she was enjoying, “that said, how can I help?”

“Well, we have the goods here and Lily gave us this; it should be enough to take these with us to Kriemhild, right?” Aria showed Hecate both the instructions in the paper she had as well as the nearly finished spell circle they were drawing on the floor beside them.

“Hm, a greater teleportation spell,” said Hecate, muttering some words for herself as she looked to both the toys and the circle in intervals. “Yes, I should be able to get the supply of mana we need tomorrow during the day. We might not be able to take all of the toys with us, but at least a considerable amount of them. Lily and I should be able to manage the teleportation spell once the circle and the energy source are prepared.”

“Neat! We could get them directly to Lily’s house back at the town!” Exclaimed Aria, excited.

“Actually, we need a more spacious location to serve as the receiver end of the teleportation. Otherwise the teleported items or, even worse, Lily’s house could end up with some damage,” said Hecate, giving Aria a worried look.

“Oh. Crap. Well… we can’t just warp them outside; they’ll get covered in snow and mud,” Aria continued.

“And if we’re taking some of them to the Embassy in Arcadia, we’re going to need something to move them around. I could get my hands on a caravan like I said yesterday, but we’d have to start moving from the castle,” added Solveig.

“It’s a bit too complicated for my taste!” Aria complained, groaning as she briefly looked above her and stepped anxiously with her right leg, “but if that’s the only way, then let’s make it work.”

“Count on it!” Cheered Solveig.

After dragging Lily out of her trance, the four girls gathered around the spell circle drawn in the floor and continued to luster their plan as well as finish the drawing on the floor. That night the girls, fueled by their own warm spirits, filled the big warehouse with the echoes of their voices and laughter.

###

Nearing midnight, the surroundings of Kriemhild’s Royal Castle remained in a peaceful silence interrupted only by the occasional whistle of the wind passing through. The lake coming from the west and into the castle’s underground channels stood completely still, illuminated by the many torches lit on the castle’s walls and towers on its side. In the distance, coming from the southern roads, a figure appeared to come running towards the outer gates.

Aria, carrying a bag over her back, was arriving late at the rendezvous point she and her friends had settled two nights ago. Recognized by one of the guards stationed in the front gate, they allowed the girl into the castle without interrupting her race. Quickly covering the distance of the nearly empty gardens in front of the castle’s inner gates, Aria dashed into the main lobby before abruptly stopping her race to finally catch her breath and place the bag on the floor next to her.

“You’re so late! Where were you?” Lily exclaimed.

The first thing Aria noticed as she looked up was an immense sled placed just beside the entrance, loaded up to the brim with boxes decorated with fancy wraps, ribbons and patterns of vivid colors. Next to the sled, and the only people in the whole lobby, were Solveig, Lily, Hecate, Loreni, Marhald and Ulf, who all seemed to be arranging the boxes and securing them to the vehicle.

“Whoa. When did you wrap up all the toys? And what the hell is that?” Aria exclaimed in surprise, still struggling to catch her breath. Simultaneously, her attention shifted to the tall and slim bandit who seemed to be working in tandem with the king of Kriemhild to get the boxes on the vehicle. “Wait, what is he doing here?”

“Hey, Aria! You’re late!” Solveig greeted her from the sled, “Because of the snow, using a caravan right now would take us forever to get from here to the capital, so Ulf got us this thing instead.”

“It’s a sled; this one was manufactured in Freiheit. Please don’t ask me how I got my hands on it,” added Ulf as he nervously looked at Marhald behind him, who narrowed his eyes back at the man.

“Fancy vehicle, innit? I’m sure there’s a dodgy story behind it, but I promised not to pry,” said Marhald, loading three big boxes on the sled with just one hand.

“We told Marhald and Ealia yesterday about what you girls wanted to do tonight, and they offered to help; we wrapped everything together earlier! As soon as Ulf arrived with the sled, we started loading it with them.” Explained Loreni, sitting on the side of the vehicle and placing the decorated boxes in it as Lily gave them to her from below.

Dazzled by the spirit of celebrating Christmas going as far as to bring a king and a renowned bandit work together, Aria’s eyes sparkled with happiness, much like Solveig’s were. From a whimsical desire, the girls felt like they were in progress of spreading some happiness the world so desperately needed.

As soon as all the present boxes had been loaded on the sled, save one that Lily had picked specifically for her baby sister, the girls and their companions gathered around the sled.

“Alright, I’d say we’re ready to go,” said Solveig, tapping the rear end of the sled. “Shall we get this outside?”

“How… how are we going to move it, Sol?” Asked Lily, looking a bit baffled.

“With horses, of course,” the girl replied, pointing outside, “I made sure to get good ones ready.”

“Need help taking this outside?” Said Ulf importantly, implying he wanted to help.

“Yes, if it’s not much –“

“Wait, wait! Before I forget,” Aria interrupted Solveig, quickly grabbing the bag she had brought with her from the floor and fiddling with its insides making rustling noises, “I brought something for us.”

After a few moments, everyone witnessed how Aria triumphantly exclaimed “ta-da!” as she took out a fancy looking, long red coat-like cloth with white fluffy edges from the bag together with a matching hat and stockings of the same fabric and pattern. Lily and Loreni gasped while everyone else raised an eyebrow.

“A coat and boots?” Hecate asked.

“It’s not just that; it’s garbs that look like Saint Nicholas’ robes!” Lily explained, bouncing towards Aria to get a closer look at the clothes she just presented, “where did you get this?”

“I found a clothing store in Rome that sells them. It took me a good while of roaming, so, that’s why I came in so late. Look, I got one for all of us four!” The girl said, showing Lily the inside of the bag where there were three other identical outfits.

“Oh my gosh, they’re so cute!” Lily exclaimed as Aria handed her the one she had took out first.

Solveig and Hecate approached to them, curious. Aria happily handed one dress to each of her friends selectively choosing them according to their size.

“I doubt I can wear this coat over my dress. It will look very out of place,” said Hecate, turning the cloth around and observing it from different angles.

“Oh, it’s not a coat,” said Lily, turning over to Hecate, “it’s a dress! You’re supposed to wear it alone.”

Hecate raised an eyebrow and grimaced in confusion. She looked at the cloth Aria handed her and noticed it was rather short for her size, compelling her to ask the blonde, “are we supposed to wear these with nothing else? This is far too short; I doubt it can cover me anywhere near my knees.”

“Well, you’re not supposed to wear it alone; these dresses come together with a cute set of white legwear you wear under the stockings,” replied Lily, looking back at Aria afterwards, “you got them too, right?”

Aria held tight to the dress she picked for herself as her eyes opened wide and an expression of concern drew on her face. The wide smile on Lily’s face became a disturbed grimace and narrowed eyes.

“Uh…” Aria stuttered.

“You forgot those, didn’t you?” After a brief silent response of Aria’s as she showed mild panic by opening her mouth show her teeth put together, Lily groaned and took a palm to her face.

“I know, I know, sorry! But, can we please just wear them?” She replied, making an endearing face to Lily and Hecate while Solveig frowned in confusion beside the three of them.

“Okay, I can’t say no. They’re too cute for me to pass,” Lily said, shaking her head.

“You speak for yourself; I cannot possibly wear this!” Hecate complained, pointing out at the cloth’s size again. “Although… I have to admit I love the color and the pattern…”

“Come on, it’s just for tonight! Besides, you don’t get to show those legs as much as you should, you know?” Said Aria, smiling and looking at Hecate’s legs, making the princess’ face go bright red.

“Okay, okay. Should we go change, then?” Lily said, looking at Solveig and Aria.

“Go change? Didn’t you say we were short on time?” The redhead replied, starting to unbutton her blouse.

“Aria, what are you doing?!” Lily shouted, trying to stop her.

“Alright, you nick; come with me, let’s get those horses ready,” Marhald said suddenly, grabbing Ulf in an almost aggressive manner as to force him to walk out of the lobby.

“Holy –! Yes, sir,” he replied, confused and slightly frightened, obediently compelling to the king’s mighty strength.

Together with Aria, albeit reluctantly so, the girls started changing into the fancy red dresses she had brought for them; Solveig and Lily became less uncomfortable as they took their clothes off, remaining only with their underwear on, while Hecate undecidedly crouched as she figured out how to strap the dress to her figure in that position. Once the girls had all changed, Loreni helped each of them to adjust the final details of their costumes. Hecate continued to try and stretch the fabric further downwards, being barely able to cover her thighs.

*001*2020-12-27 09:17

A few minutes later, once the men had helped to take the sled out of the castle’s lobby and onto the snow in a road left unplowed as per Solveig’s request, the girls readied their trusty vehicle with the horses and sought to set out. Reins in hand, Aria shouted and mildly whipped the horses to get them moving. Solveig, Lily and Hecate looked back as they waved to Loreni, Marhald and Ulf who remained at the castle’s inner gates.

The idea of the sled had been a perfect one: the vehicle swiftly slipped through the snow thanks to the horses. In a matter of seconds, the girls had already passed the front gates of the castle and were now en route to the capital.

“Whoa, this is so cool!” Aria shouted, holding tight to the reins as she looked forward.

“Which route should we take?” Asked Lily, trying not to sit on any of the boxes in the cramped sled as she leaned forward.

“Well, I doubt we should take the hills in the main route. The horses are probably going to struggle with the weight of this thing if we make them run them up,” said Solveig.

“What do you suggest, then?” Asked Aria, turning her head slightly towards Solveig behind her.

“The road around the northern castle town is probably frozen right now, so we can’t make the horses go through that either. Take the detour south of the hills, and then circle it all the way up to the southern gate,” Solveig replied, pointing with her hand.

“Got it!” Replied Aria, mildly whipping the horses again with the reins in her hand.

In the back seats of the sled, a rather worried-looking Hecate was trying to warm herself up with her own breath, as her magical energy was not enough; years of living in the middle of the desert had left her susceptible to low temperatures. Amidst the idle conversation the girls had over the road, the princess suddenly felt a disturbance in her lower abdomen as she remembered that she, ironically, forgot to visit the ladies’ room before setting out on their present-giving enterprise. Planning to use the facilities in the Embassy building, she decided to keep this information to herself for the time being.

Carried by the horses, the girls drove their vehicle through the fields of Kriemhild under the cloudy night. Protected by a handy charm prepared by Lily as well as the time and the weather, they encountered no obstacles anywhere in the road. Arriving at the southern gates of the capital city, the girls met an unexpected delay, as the guards did not instantly recognize Solveig due to her whimsical outfit and the vehicle they rode was strange enough to raise some questions. For the five minutes they had to stop, as the vehicle required inspection by the guards stationed at the gate, the pressure in Hecate’s bladder started to become worse; she was not worried, however, given that their destination was just around the corner.

Within five minutes after they entered the city, the girls finally arrived at their destination. Aria bounced down the sled and, together with Solveig and Hecate, started unloading boxes from the sled and arranging them at the stairs in front of the building; meanwhile Lily, as representative of her mother, spoke with the previously briefed security guards at the Embassy who proceeded to unlock the front entrance for the girls to get in.

Once inside, the girls, with the help of a couple guards, carried the first set of boxes across the Embassy’s reception hallway and into the main hall. In there, much to Solveig’s surprise, they carried the presents and left them under a decorated pine tree even taller than the one at Lily’s house; when asked, Lily explained that this was the work of both her mother and a couple other nations’ representatives. Solveig felt increasingly sillier when hearing this, realizing that she could have known about Christmas from a long time ago had she visited this building before during this time of the year while training to become a knight.

At a certain moment Hecate, sneaking off her friends’ sight after carrying a couple small boxes with her towards the pine, wandered off towards the Embassy’s bathrooms in the first floor hoping not that her friends or the guards would not spot her. Arriving at the bathrooms’ doorsteps, the princess happily sighed as she took a hand to the ladies’ room’s doorknob; her expression quickly shifted to one of worry, however, realizing that the door was locked. Going against her own standards and clinging to false hope, Hecate attempted to roll the doorknob a couple more times before accepting that opening it was not possible. Looking behind her, she spotted Aria and Solveig coming from the hallway with boxes pilled in each of the girls’ arms and decided to return.

“Hey, Hecate,” Aria called her while putting the boxes down, “I think this is enough, so we’re going back now.”

Hecate looked back at Aria and remained silent for a moment with her mouth open, trying to formulate what to say.

“Oh! Very well,” she stuttered, just as she saw one of the guards walking into the lobby with Lily, presumably with the last set of boxes.

Solveig and Aria walked past them, making a signal to Lily as they left the lobby through the hallway in the front. Hecate, however, approached to Lily and the guard, the latter closer in distance to her than Lily.

“Excuse me, sir,” she called, slowly tapping the floor with her left foot as she stopped walking, “is there a chance you could open the women’s restroom for me? Please.”

“Oh, the bathroom?” The guard replied, standing up after placing the boxes under the pine tree.

“It’s closed?” Lily intervened after hearing the conversation, “I was thinking of going before we left, too.”

“Uh…,” the guard looked at both of them with a bit of regret in his voice, “I’m sorry, ladies, but we don’t have the keys to any of the rooms, bathrooms included. We can open the entrance because some of us are stationed inside and we exchange shifts, but we’re not allowed to enter the offices.”

Hecate and Lily looked at each other, both raising an eyebrow.

“Wait, what? So, what do you do if one of you has to go to the bathroom?” Lily asked to the guard in a quite frantic tone. The guard remained silent and gave her a slightly embarrassed look.

“I don’t think you’d like to know the answer to that, miss,” he replied.

“But, I saw that one of the guards in tonight’s shift is a female. Is she okay with this, too?” Hecate continued to ask, unbelieving.

“I take it the two of you are not soldiers, because she’s quite fine with it,” he replied, shrugging.

Albeit slightly indignant, Lily apologized for how both she and Hecate interrogated the guard before all of them walked back outside. As if having a mutual understanding, neither of the girls spoke of the issue further.

Solveig and Aria noticed Lily and Hecate walking out of the Embassy as the guards closed the entrance behind them while waving good-bye to the girls from their positions. Lily and Hecate were visibly concerned, the latter more notoriously so as she crossed her arms, and muttered something between themselves before climbing back on the sled with the help of their friends.

“Is everything okay?” Asked Solveig as she held Lily’s hand, helping her up.

“Yeah,” Lily said after a short sigh, “let’s go.”

“You sure? That doesn’t sound okay,” Aria intervened, “did something happen just now? Did we forget something?”

“Yes, it is just that…,” Hecate said, interrupting herself, as she was looking to the very female guard she mentioned emerge from the alley on the side of the building with an expression of relief in her face.

“We wanted to go to the bathroom before leaving, but it’s closed and they can’t open it for us,” Lily continued, rubbing her hands against her thighs as she seated.

“Uh-oh. Is it too bad?” Aria asked, looking back at them, “you two could go behind one of those trees back there before we set out.”

“Absolutely not!” Hecate replied loudly as she frowned; her face was visibly red.

“Are you sure? There’s no one around at this time, I don’t think anyone would see you,” said Solveig, looking at both of them by intervals.

“Yeah, we kinda made clear that we had to go when we asked that guard to open the bathroom for us. I don’t want him to know that we’re looking for a place to pee!” Added Lily.

“You two never learn, do you?” Aria said mockingly as she groaned in frustration.

“Well, I am not going to pee in the streets of a city. Let alone the fact that it is the capital of this country! May I remind you Kardia and Kriemhild have a formal alliance? That is just disrespectful!” Hecate argued, upset as she waved one arm towards Aria while the other was clutching her crotch.

“Wow. You’re using that so you don’t have to pee outdoors?” Solveig asked, looking at Hecate with an eyebrow raised.

“Can we just get moving? We’ll hold it until we arrive at the orphanage,” Lily said, leaning towards Aria.

“Alright, alright, fine,” the redhead replied, surrendering to the two girls’ pleas.

Waving good-bye to the guards once more, Aria mildly whipped the horses’ reins and shouted to get them moving. After passing through the southern gate checkpoint, now that more than half of the cargo was delivered to the Embassy building, Aria handled the horses to run at a faster pace more comfortably.

Trying to keep her mind off her bladder, Hecate continued to engage in idle conversation with her friends; however, the pressure in her bladder became harder to ignore after every minute that passed. Not having even reached past the first half of the distance from the capital to the southern castle town, keeping the need to pee out of her mind became positively impossible to achieve; moreover Lily, facing the same problem as her friend, repeatedly continued to shake her right foot with her legs crossed.

Suddenly, with no previous warning, one of the sled’s runners bumped a solid object and bounced off the ground in a slightly violent fashion making the girls all scream in response, as it was barely able to stabilize without rolling over its own weight. Hecate squeaked afterwards, bearing an expression of fright in her face, and quickly shoved both of her hands between her legs as she felt a wet patch growing in her underwear at her crotch area.

“You girls okay?” Aria asked, looking back briefly.

“Yeah, I think nothing fell off the sled,” Solveig replied first, placing the box carefully next to her on the floor.

“Hecate?” Lily asked looking at her, as she was seemingly frozen on the spot still bearing the same expression. “You okay?”

The princess shivered and replied by shaking her head sideways. She felt warmth in her hands briefly, followed by cold as the wet stain in her underwear had passed from her underwear into the red dress before stopping to spread.

The girl opened her still shaking mouth without saying anything for a couple of seconds before finally saying, “I am about to wet myself.”

“What?” Lily squeaked, also struggling to control herself with one hand clutching her crotch.

“Should we stop?” Solveig asked, worriedly looking at Aria.

“Well, sure, but that would take a little,” she replied, “the horses got really upset from that bump just now. I’m trying to get them to slow down, but that’s not really looking good.”

“No, I need to go now!” Hecate screamed, shutting her eyes and grinding her teeth as she used all of her might for her fingers to push against her urethra.

Just a moment later, Hecate’s hips rose from their seating position as the princess quickly lifted the red dress and reached for her underwear to pull it down.

“Somebody salvage the presents!” Aria panicked.

Without thinking, Hecate continued to lift her hips above the sled’s boundaries and rested her thighs on the edge as a loud hiss became audible even over the running of the horses and the sled’s runners passing through the snow. With a mighty strength, a stream gushed out of Hecate’s urethra hitting the snow below as the sled continued to move; the princess moaned loudly, followed by an extended sigh. Solveig stared at Hecate with eyes wide open, well surprised by the princess’ boldness, while Aria continued to make the horses to slow down thinking that another bump on the road would be dangerous for her friend given that she had her butt hovering outside of the edges.

Lily, who had her hands clutching her groin until then, suddenly rose from her spot and said, “Oh, what the hell,” reaching for her own hips to lift her dress, pull her panties down and follow Hecate by peeing off the sled’s edge, letting out a long sigh as she started. Leaving a cloud of steam as they dashed forward, Lily and Hecate’s urine streams gushed strongly against the snow beneath them.

“Hey, what are you doing? Stop staring!” Lily said to Solveig and Aria, who were both nonchalantly looking at them.

“Sorry, I just can’t believe you actually done it,” Aria chuckled, amused, “and it looks kinda fun.”

Lily groaned and looked away as she continued to pee. After a few seconds, Hecate’s stream gradually decreased in strength until only but droplets dripped off her crotch; the princess, knowing that her underwear was already wet, quickly took her hips into the sled’s perimeter and pulled her underwear and dress back to place, shrinking on the spot. Lily continued to pee for a little longer until her stream reduced to droplets; the blonde shook her hips carefully before slowly pulling her panties back in place and returning to her seat, her face completely blushing red.

“I can’t believe you two just did that. Didn’t thought you’d have it in you,” said Aria, in an oddly matter of compliment.

“Can we please pretend that did not happen?” Hecate asked timidly.

“Yeah, it’s not like taking a break behind the bushes. That was super weird and embarrassing!” Lily complained.

Solveig looked forward, blushing; rather than feeling embarrassed for what just happened, she saw it as a reminder that her bladder had been full for a while as well. Wrapping her arms around her calves and rubbing herself, she felt a sudden desire to mimic what Lily and Hecate had just done. Noticing the brunette’s reaction, Aria looked at her and smirked.

“You need to go too, don’t you, Sol?” She teased.

“Maybe…,” she replied, keeping her sight on the road and trying to calculate the time they had before arriving at the town, “but I can still make it to the orphanage…”

“You know, I kinda have to go, too. It’s still a while until we arrive, so, why don’t we just go?” The redhead suggested, briefly changing her teasing for kindness.

“Are you serious? We only did that because we couldn’t hold it anymore. You girls don’t look bad at all,” Lily said, raising an eyebrow.

The sound of Lily and Hecate’s peeing had strongly influenced Solveig, making her need to worsen considerably in a matter of seconds compared to how well she had ignored it for the past hours. All of a sudden, the cold weather and the swaying of the sled got to Solveig, making her feel like her bladder shrunk and had less capacity than before. Inevitably, she groaned, crossing her legs and taking her hands to her groin.

“Solveig doesn’t look so good if you ask me,” Aria teased again, looking at her by her side, “Do you still think you can make it?”

Narrowly opening her eyes as she faced forward, Solveig’s face sketched out a look of indignation and grunted through her teeth. Knowing Aria, she was going to continue teasing her until she gave up, and the way her bladder was feeling made her realize it was just a matter of time.

“Okay, okay,” she sighed, “it’s not like we haven’t shared embarrassing moments before.”

“That’s the spirit!” Aria said, cheerfully, “here, Lily, take the reins for me for a bit.”

“Wait, you’re seriously going to do it?” The blonde said, raising an eyebrow as Aria handed her the reins as she said before.

Hecate and Lily watched how the two girls carefully moved from the front of the sled to the back. Solveig carefully held to the front seats of the sled with one hand and using the other to lift her dress and pull her underwear down. Aria, on the other hand boldly stood up and yanked her panties down to her calves, completely removing them from her right leg and, in the same motion, stepped on the edge of the sled with her right foot.

Once their hips were out of the sled’s bounds, Solveig sighed and Aria looked backwards holding onto the sled’s edges with her hands. Urine flew out of both girls’ urethras simultaneously, leaving a cloud of steam on their way just like the other Lily and Hecate’s had. Solveig’s stream shot downwards with great pressure while Aria’s, who was not pushing as strongly as she was, simply flew away as if water coming from a bottle tipped over.

“Oh my God, they’re actually doing it,” Lily said, moderately surprised as she briefly looked back to them.

As urine continuously shot off their urethras, Solveig peacefully excited while Aria laughed in amusement.

“I knew this would be fun!” Aria exclaimed cheerfully as she laughed.

As Aria and Solveig’s pee audibly hissed in the background, Hecate turned her head and looked at her friends.

“I fail to understand why situations like this always happen when I tag along with you girls,” she said, “it is both frightening and embarrassing, but I confess it is fun and thrilling.”

“Yeah,” Lily replied, turning back at the girls peeing over the sled’s edges, “kinda weird, huh?”

Leaving tracks of both the sled’s runners as well as Aria and Solveig’s pee hitting the ground, the girls continued to dash through the snowy night.

###

The sun started to rise over the horizon over the southern castle town, warming and lighting up the surrounding areas. At its gates, the girls arrived with their sled and made it into the town, greeting everyone as they passed until they finally reached their last stop at the orphanage’s doorsteps. Loreni, who had seen the girls coming in the distance from within Lily’s house, greeted them with her baby in arms as they bounced off the sled. The orphanage’s caretaker, Amanda, received the four girls, accompanied by curious children; Solveig, brightly smiling, handed the children the first of the present boxes.

All of their work had proven fruitful, as the girls were able to provide the memorable Christmas that they hoped.

