Going is a No Go

Author: hertightjeans

*000*2017-03-28 18:28

"Uh Oh, I have to pee but this must be finished tonight! Finish your paper, then you can piss" Amanda Boff thought while typing at her laptop in black yoga capris and a baby blue "That's What She Said!" tank top. Her paper on biochemical properties of creating a super formula for rocket power increases was due tomorrow, however she had only completed a page of the 3-5 requirement, so she decided to focus and finish despite her urge.

This was for her Biochemistry of Space class which counted for 40% of the final grade, so this was crucial. The plan was to do an intro paragraph, seven body paragraphs, and a conclusion. A couple paragraphs per page would get her to four, which was in the middle. That suited Amanda very nicely due to her ordinary looks and smarts. She loved science and put everything else, including bodily functions, to the side.

The second page was an easy one for her, as the material was simple to put together. It took only ten or so minutes. Her need was not an emergency yet. She had crossed legs, and occasionally they kicked. However, on the third page, thoeries were more difficult to put into concise writing. During these 45 or so minutes her legs moved much more aggressively, while her face scrunched up in knots. After finishing page three, she thought about using the dorm bathroom but thought "The girl's is way too crowded. Oh my gosh, I must finish!"

As her fourth page was being written, She got the hang of the topic but she was in so much pain that she could have been mistaken for a woman in labor. "OH MY THIS HURTS!" Her legs constantly kicked, switched, wiggled, bounced, rocked, and scrunched. She winced and groaned as the conclusion wrapped up after another half hour.

She made very sure to save her work and print it out. As she got up to walk to her printer, she felt a terrible pain and put both hands on her crotch. She walked in a wierd crouched dance, but at last, after 1.5 hours of holding, she could piss, but there was a snag.

She could not move normally without the water works looking to pour into her yoga capris. It was a difficult call, but she finally decided to give up and pee in the pants. A warm feeling filled the tights. Amanda Boff had finally peed, and she had no more cares in the world!

