I made a girl hold it all day long

Author: huberp76 

*000*2019-02-05 17:32

First of all, sorry for my bad englisch, i`ll try my best. 

This is another experience from my youth. It was my first experience where i had active the chance to make a girl hold her full bladder. 

My parents invited the daughter of one of their friends, to spend some days of her ester holidays with us. She was a kind of cousin to me and she was at the same age as i was. She lived with her parents in a little village at the country and i should show her the city where we lived, it was a big city. My parents was at work for the first 3 days, so we had time from morning till 6 pm, for sightseeing. 

I wanted to show her all buildings and all sights of the city, but i was sure that she would not see even one loo all day long, from early morning till evening. I had so many questions to my self, how long would it take till she need to pee, how long would she hold it before she tells me that she need to go and how long would she be able to hold it in, if i don`t let her go, if i don`t give her a opportunity. 

The poor girl did not know what i wanted to do with her, that i wanted to test her bladder and her ability to hold it and that i wanted nothing more than to see her desperate to pee, really, really bad. 

On our first day, we did get up at 7 am at the morning, she had her morning pee at this time, we had breakfast and we did leave at about 8.30 am. I did not give her much time, so she did not pee again before we started our sightseeing. 

At noon we had a quick lunch on a kiosk, we had to eat, to drink, but no loo for her. At about 1pm she said "i need to wee, do you know where i could go?" Sure i did know where she could go, but this was the last place what i wanted to show her, so i said "sorry, but there is no loo around here. 

It was so exciting for me, to walk beside a beautiful girl, to know that her bladder was full, to know that she needed to pee and to make her wait and hold. She was to shy to aske again for a loo, but it was more and more difficult for her to hide her need. 

At about 3 pm we had to wait at red traffic lights, she could not stand still anymore, she rubbed her knees, she crossed her legs, she was bending over and looked shy at me and said "i am sorry, but i need to wee sooo bad, you can`t imagine how urgent i need a loo" 

"You are a big girl, i think you can hold it until we are at home, only 3 hours more" i answered and told her one experience from a group of 4 girls, from our school, they did always hold it on school day trips, all day long even the days was long. They peed at home before and than when they was back. 

She wanted to know, why i did know that and i told her that they did talk about it, especially in the bus on the way home, they did talk about how bad they would need to go und how difficult it would be to keep the panty dry, but they always was able to hold it. I said to "my" girl, if they could endure that, i am sure that she can endure that too. 

3 more hours at the first day and 2 full days, to test the bladder of the girl. 

to continue 

Edited February 5, 2019 by huberp76 (see edit history)

*004*2019-02-06 16:04
{{ 21 hours ago, Midd said: 
very good, keep it up! 

}}

Thank you, i am glad you like it. 
{{ 18 hours ago, daniel2 said: 
good start 
}}

Thank you! 

*005*2019-02-06 16:59
{{ 17 hours ago, Doreen said: 
Hi huberp76
I so much love the spirit of your story: "i wanted to test her bladder and her ability to hold it and that i wanted nothing more than to see her desperate to pee, really, really bad."
It so much reminded me of myself, yet with me on the receiving side of the equation, becoming the subject of increasingly rigoros bladder tests until I go crazy with desperation, but you won't budge. Yes, girls' bladders better should learn how to hold it.
Please tell us more. ­
D. 

}}

Hi Doreen! 

I am glad to see you here on this forum ad i am glad that you still like my stories. I`ll try my best to continue my experience with my cosine. 

Could you tell us why you was becoming a girl for bladder tests? Was you made to hold it? Did they wanted to know what a "girlbladder" can endure? Who did make you hold and what was the reason? Please write something about it. 

P. 

*009*2019-02-08 07:09
{{ On 2/7/2019 at 12:30 AM, Redder12 said: 
This is very good and I'd love to read more keep it up! 
}}

Thank you, i am glad you like it. 

I think i‘ll write next week part 2. 

*011*2019-02-09 15:43
{{ On 2/8/2019 at 1:05 PM, Batman007 said: 
This is so good can’t wait for more! 
}}

Thank you. 

*012*2019-02-12 15:30

Part 2 

It was so great and exciting for me, to have the opportunity, to make a pretty girl hold her pee in her overfilled bladder for some hours more, to know that she needed to go since hours and don`t let her, was total arousing. 

She was really pretty and she had a for me total perfect body, slim and athletic. 

The weather was not really warm, so she did wear a sweater and a vest too. It was fashion to that time, that girls did wear short skirts and knee socks, from ester to november , their knees and their thighs was nude, even it was cold, I did like that, her naked thighs in the cool wind. 

She really, really needed to pee now and she could not hide it anymore, but she did know, that she had to hold it until home. She walked beside me and i don`t know why, maybe her strong urge to wee and her overfilled bladder, made her ask about the 4 girls from my school. 

She wanted to know why the girls did not go although they more opportunities to use a loo. I told her that, that was a kind of challenge for them, they had a motto "a big girl must always be able to hold it if she has to" 

Once we arrived, with the bus late at the evening at the school parking lot. One of this 4 girls went with me with the same tram, for about 20 minutes. She did stand with her legs tight crossed, she looked at me, in her face you could see that she was suffering and than she said " I wet my panties if i am not at home soon, i did not pee since 6 am". 

Why did she say that? Did she want tell me, like their motto was, she is a girl and good in holding, or did she know that would arousing me, would she turn me on? 

I think if it was so, she should have get punished for that, she should have made to hold it for some hours more, to show me that big girl really can hold it if they have too. 

Is it that what you want, Doreen? A big girl must always be able to hold it, even her bladder is up to her navel! 

Now back to Renate, that is the name of my cousin. We had time until 6pm and i did not want to miss only one minute to make her hold. We made a break, not a pee break, that was the last that i wanted for her, just a break to sit on a park bench. Renate bended over, she knotet her skirt and pressed it between her thighs. Her slim and thighs was total naked, that was nearly to much for me. 

On her smooth skin i could see goose pimples, i asked her if she was cold and she said that she was cold and that is why she needs to wee so bad, she never needed to wee more than now. 

Sorry i must stop now, i continue later. 

*013*2019-02-12 22:09

Part 2 b 

Renate said if she had only one wish for free, she would wish that there was a loo where she could go and then the loo should disappear. How strong was her urge that she wanted to use the only free wish to let her pee out from her bladder, but that was only fantasy, my reality was much better than every dream. 

I could look at Renates wonderful, naked thighs and i did know that she never needed to pee so bad than now and she had to wait one hour more. On the way home she rubbed her knees together at each step and sometimes she had to stop, to cross her legs, to keep her panty dry, but she was able to come home without to piss herself. 

Than i was really bad, i was faster than she and i went to the loo before she could get in. I used every second, to make her hold longer. She knocked at the door and i had to let her in. I waited outside and listend, it did not take one second from closing the door, until she stated to piss with high pressure. It seems that she could not stop, how must she have needed that?!! 

She opened the door and said " that was a strong performance" i did know what she did mean , but i wanted to hear more of it, so i asked "why"? She answered " I mean i needed to wee since bevor lunch and i did hold it in 7 hours, is that not good? I am so good as the big girls at your school! Or?" I think she was proud of her ability to hold it. 

Next day was much easier for her, we left our home after 10 am , so she pissed one more bevor we did leaf. Late at the afternoon she needed to go, but she did know that she had to hold it until home and had no big problems with it. 

I wanted more and i had only one more day, because than was weekend and my parents would be at home, no chance for me to make her hold. I did know that she was able to hold it all day, if she has to, but i wanted to make her bladder fuller and her urge stronger, than ever before. 

Everything is to increase! Why not the pee need from this girl? We had just to leaf early at the morning, no second wee after her morning pee and i had to make her drink a lot. More than her bladder can hold! 

That is what i did, late at the afternoon she started to leak, but this will be another story. 

*017*2019-02-20 21:26

Part 3 

Late at the evening i went to sleep, i did remember at Renates first day with me. 

I thought at the way she walked , with her knees pressed together, i thought at her naked thighs at the bark bench and i thought how swollen her belly was, from her overfilled bladder. 

I asked myself "could i fill her bladder more? Could i make it bigger? Big as a Melone?! How much and how long can she endure to hold?" 

Early at the morning i waked up, i was a little bit nervous, because i had the goal, no second pee for Renate after her morning pee, but instead a second orange juice at breakfast. 

I reached my goal, i had the whole day for me, to fill Renates bladder. We had early lunch at a kiosk, a large coke was a good investment for me and for the girl`s bladder. After a short time a second large coke for her at another kiosk. She did drink it without to think, that all what goes in, has to go out. I did think about it and was waiting for it. 

It did not take a really long time till she said "i need a wee."

"That is not really new, that is every day the same, you need to go but you have to hold it until home" was my answer. "Today it is not the same, i need it so bad, that it is impossible for me to hold it until home, no way to endure that" she said. " No way to pee before at home, you have to endure it" i repeat. 

"That is torture what you are doing to me" she said and walked, for about one hour quiet and angry beside me. Than she looked at me and said " i have to wee, let me wee anywhere" and rubbed by each step her knee together. 

"Don`t walk like this! It is not necessary that every body can see, that you are about to piss your self" i complained. 

She said, that she is afraid, that something will burst, inside her tummy, if she don`t pee soon. I told her, that she will pee her panties, long before her bladder will burst. 

"I don`t want to wee at my panties" she said. "That is really simpel, if you don`t want to piss your pants, than hold it! 

It was after 3 pm, as Renate told my, that it hurt`s so bad between her thighs. 

I asked" what hurts and why does it hurt". She told me that her wet panties rubbing between her thighs and that hurts and burns. 

Sure i did no why her panty was wet, but i wanted to hear it from her, so i asked. 

She told me that she would need to wee so bad, that it is coming out. 

To know that her panty was pee wet and that it rubbed at her …….., made me hard at the moment, i was total aroused, but i did, like i was angry and said that it was a shame for a big girl, to piss her pants. 

We walked for about one hour more, she leaked but did not piss herself. Her sphincter was like a valve, if the pressure in her bladder did get to high, she started to leak, but only as much as the fabric of her panty could absorb. 

One hour later, we had to wait at a traffic light, she bended over, balled both hands to fists, pressed her knees hard together and i could see that urine was running at the inside of her left, nude thigh, down to her white knee sock and turned the top of the knee sock to yellow. 

She crossed her legs as tight as she could and was able to stop leaking. Some peoples was looking, but nobody said something. 

Renates belly was swollen, her bladder was bulging visible, i could not imagine how much she was holding. I have never before seen a girl who was needing to pee so bad, not even one of the 4 " big girls from my school". 

Renate looked at me, with a suffering face and asked " can i squat between the cars? I need to wee, i have to wee, i don`t care if anybody watch me, i need it, i need it so much!!" 

"No!" i said, " hold it! It is just 1 1/2 hours until we are at home. 

The last 1 1/2 hours at part 4 

*018*2019-02-26 15:09

Part 4 

Renate could not hide her need anymore. You could see her need to pee at her face, on the way she walked and at her tight crossed legs, if she had to stand somewhere and if you looked at her belly, you could see that is was swollen from her overfilled bladder. 

I did not wanted to make her piss herself, but i wanted to fill her bladder to the limit or a little bit over the limit. I did know, that i did not soon get a chance , to do that again with another girl, so i hade to use this situation the best i could and each minute of this situation. 

I thought to myself "how much wee does she hold in her bladder, how much more could she endure to hold". 

She did know by now, that there was no way for her to pee before she was at home and so she did not talk about her need anymore. 

I wanted to "help" her, to calm down and so we went to a little park, near our home, where she could sit on a bench for one hour. I think, to sit is much easier for a pee desperate girl, than to walk and my goal was, to make her hold longer and make her bladder fuller. 

I did make a big mistake, i forgot that there was a loo at that park. As we arrived, she did see that loo and said " oh my god, that is my rescue" and walked, as fast as she could with her rubbing knees together, to the door, but this door was closed. 

She was standing in front of the door, so near to relief her hurting bladder, but she could not get in. 

Her urge did get now a new dimension, so near at the end of her torture. She crossed her slim legs, as tight as she could, bended over, pressed one hand between her nude thighs and tried with the other hand to open the door, but she could not. 

It was a loo where you had to pay for using , you needed coins to open the door and to her bad luck, we did not have this coins. 

Sooo bad, but i think, even if had some, i had not told it to her. On the other side of the building was a loo for men, but you also with coins, but there was a urinal for free. 

Renate asked, if she could not use it, but i refused and said " that is only for men". She begged to let her in, it would only take 3 minutes and i could keep watch the door, so that nobody could get in and she could finally go. 

"No" i said again " it`s only for men and you are a girl" 

"Please let me wee, i need it, i need it soooo bad, please let me wee, let me do it" she begged. 

"NO way" i said again. She was now really angry and said "can`t you understand that, i have to pisssss, my bladder will burst if i don`t do it. 

"You don`t have to" i answered " you are a girl, you have to hold it, you have to learn to hold it, girls have always be able to hold it, if they have to and now, you have to!" 

I told her that i could use the urinal, i needed to piss too, because i did not go all day. 

"That is not fair, that is torture pure, although my bladder is about to burst, i have to wait outside, to know that you are doing that, what i needed to do so bad for hours. 

"Okay, i want to be unfair, i don`t go, i hold it with you. 

Continue 

*020*2019-02-27 08:02
{{ 4 hours ago, FullBladder85 said: 
Nice, I love seeing Renate so desperate that she begs to be able to pee in a men's room urinal. I wouldn't mind seeing this story end with Renate peeing in a urinal, but seeing her forced to hold it a while longer is great to. 
}}

Thank you for your feet back. I am glad that you like seeing Renate desperate. What would you like more? Let her pee in a urinal or force her to hold it longer? 

*023*2019-02-28 09:57
{{ 6 hours ago, FullBladder85 said: 
Like I said, both are great options to me. Maybe you could even do both. Who says the men's room at the park is even open? Renate didn't go over and check, she just begged that she be allowed to use the urinal. Plenty of other men's rooms Renate could stumble upon after another long walk with still no pee. 
}}

Thank you again for your feedback. I think she should hold it, like good girls always should do it and than we want to watch her pee. 


