A girls new job

Author: huberp76

*000*2021-12-13 21:57

It was not her favorite vision from a job, but she was young, they did pay a good money and she was needing it.

Years ago they closed grocer shops in small villages at the countryside.

There was a kind of bus, it was like a small shop, where you could buy comestibles and something more, like in a supermarket.

The bus did drive from village to village and did stay there for a short time.

A young guy was the driver and the vendor at one person. He was needing a shop assistant to be faster at selling and be able to supply more villages in this region.

The girls job should be the shop assistant.

At the end of the first day, it was a “test day “ for both, the man told her that this have been the last village, the last station for today and that they are going home now.

He asked her for a feedback from her first day and she told him that it would have been okay for her and that she would like to do that job, but there would be only one problem for her and that was, that she could not go to the loo all day long.

Only one wee during the day would be enough for her, but no wee from 6 am until 7 pm is pretty hard for a girl, she told him.

She can hold it all day long if it is necessary and if she has no opportunity, but it is really painful to stretch the bladder to a size of a soccer ball, she said and was massaging her overfilled and visible bulging bladder.

The guy was hard at the moment, but he acted surprised and said “Oh you poor! I did not even notice that did not wee all day long? You must be full to burst!”

He went twice anywhere in the bushes and he did think constantly at the girls bladder and did wait until she would admit that she would need to wee, but she did not.

He was amazed, surprised and aroused about the girls ability to hold it for so long and how full her bladder must be.

“I think one wee will always be possible for you and if there is no chance for you to go anywhere, you can wee in a bucket.” he said.

”And you will watch me!?” she said and smiled.”My bladder should not be a problem, i take the job, if you take me.” she completed.

The guy enjoyed the next 40 minutes at the way home, with a girl beside him, who did not wee for so long and was needing to go really bad.

As soon as they arrived, she did get out of the bus and went to the house.

„Where are you going?“ he asked, to tease her.

“You don’t really wait for a answer? “ she said and walked in the house.

I would love to hear her piss, after holding it for so long!!! To watch her squatting would be good too!!!

Next day on the way home the guy looked at the girl and said „You did again not wee all day . You are unbelievable strong and great, girl!!“

„ I am needing to go since hours, but i told you that i can hold it all day long if it is necessary. It seems, like you love to know that i am suffering from needing to wee so bad.“ she said and looked at the bulge in his pants.

I think some of us would love to make this job, for some times, with this girl!!?

*003*2021-12-16 21:41

{{On 12/15/2021 at 3:38 AM, jimpix123 said:

Omg please continue I want to experience her piss

}}

To squat somewhere, or in her panties?

*005*2021-12-17 21:34

{{On 12/15/2021 at 5:56 AM, SpaceWonderer said:

I really like the concept, this story has a potential. Please, continue.

}}

I am glad that you like the concept. I’ll try my best to continue.

*006*2021-12-18 23:47

Part 2

The next days it got to a habit for the girl that she did not wee during her work day. She did not go from early morning until evening, not even once. On the way back to the headquarters, she was mostly pretty desperate and as soon they arrived, she went as fast as she could, with rubbing knees, to the toilet.

After holding it for so long she was no more able to hide her strong need. Everybody did know that she did not wee since she left early morning and that she must be full to burst. They called her “the holding girl.”

Some of the boys did like that and wanted more from her “need to wee show.”

There was only one unisex toilet, so it was easy to make her hold a little bit longer. As soon as they saw her coming went one of the boys in the toilet and closed the door. The other boys could watch her holding, with knotted legs in front of the closed bathroom door.

It was in the middle of her third week. Like always on the way home, was it visible to see for the guy that she was needing to wee.

But this time it seemed that her urge was stronger than usual,she was bending forward and squeezed with both hands her nude thighs, but did not say something.

“Is it that bad?” asked the young man pretended worried. In reality she could not need to piss strong enough for him.

”You can’t even imagine how bad!!!”she answered.

”I did drink to much all over the day, my bladder is full since hours.” she said and caressed her swollen belly.

”Oh my poor, you have bad luck, I am really sorry for you, but today we don’t go home straight, we have to attend something, that will for sure last one and a half hour.

”Oh no! You can’t do that, i can’t bear that for so long, i need to wee so bad, my bladder is fuller than ever before in my life, please bring me home, or somewhere, where i can go !” she pleaded.

The guy told her that they don’t have time to loose, because there would somebody waiting for them and they can’t be late.

”I think there will be no other way for you than to hold it until we are back.” he said calming.

”For you so easy to say, you did pee three times today and i not even once, all my abdomen is hurting from needing to wee so bad.” she said accusatory.

”I can understand that 14 hours without a single wee is a long time for a young, slim girl like you and i admire you for your ability to hold it for so long, but but nobody told you to do it.

“I know!” said the girl “ normally it is not a big problem for me to hold it all day, but today it is especially bad, maybe i did drink to much and only then when i am so full, I have to hold it 2 hours longer, that is really not fair!

She told him to stop anywhere on the road between the villages, so that she could go some steps in the wood, or behind the bushes .

He agreed and drove farther.

The boy was totally aroused and wanted to tease her and so he said „ you girls have a little hole between your thighs for to pee, look maybe we have somewhere a cork to plug it up, then it would be easier for you to hold it.“

“It’s no more funny!“ said the girl a little bit angry and did not talk anymore.

She suffered in silence, she did not act hectic, but it was obvious that she was needing to go really, really bad. The boy did like it and was totally aroused from this situation.

20 minutes later the girl said “I did hear about that, that you boys gets turned on if we girls are needing to wee, but don’t go, or can’t go, but i could not really believe it, but now i absolutely know it! There were two or three opportunities to stop for me, to letting me go, but you did not, i think you would not stop, not even if my bladder would burst.”

”Honestly, the imagination that you did not wee for so long and to imagine how much wee you are holding in your bladder, how big it must already be, is absolutely turning me on, but i don’t really want to do you harm.” answered the young man.

A little later they were in the city, where they had to pick up something.

He had now pity with her and did let her stay in the bus, where she could sit with her nude legs tight crossed. Pity was one reason, the other reason was that he did not want to take the risk that she would piss herself in front of the stranger’s.

On the way out of the city, he looked at her, she looked so sexy with her very short shorts and a T-shirt.

Two buttons from her little shorts were open to give her bladder more room. He could see her panties and he could see that her belly was swollen from her overfilled bladder.

The boy loved it and he and he wanted nothing more than to pull her shorts down and to fuck her.

He did love her desperation, but on the other hand, he was afraid to bring her back to the main office, in this condition, so he made a offer to her.

He told her that he would stop for her, but only if she let him watch her pee.

Oh no, never ever, she would do that, she told him and said that she would be a decent girl.

”Okay, then you have to hold it! But hold it like a decent girl and give your hands away from your pussy!” he replied.

Not even 15 minutes later she begged “let me pee please, i nearly do it in my panties, i can’t wait any longer, i let you watch, but stop finally.”

He stopped on the country road, with some bushes on the side. They did both get out of the bus, the girl with both hands between her thighs.

They went behind the bushes, the girl could nearly not walk with her crossed legs. She pulled her shorts and her panties down at once and before she could really squat, she started to pee.

Some drops of wee were running down on her smooth thighs and on her wonderful legs.

As soon as she was squatting, she pissed like a firehouse. It was jetting out of her, between her her straddled thighs. She pissed with high pressure in a wide bow and with a loud hissing sound.

The girl could not stop and the boy could not believe that such a young, slim girl could hold so much urine in her.

”That was amazing!!! Unbelievable that you could hold such a amount of wee in your bladder. No wonder that you was needing to go so bad. Thank you for that, it was a great experience for me.” said the guy with enthusiasm.

”I did not think that this could happen to me, that i once need to wee so bad, that i let a boy watch me peeing, but i think every girl reaches a point where she is needing to go so bad that she would do it in a crowded main square.” said the girl and was not really angry about that.

She was aroused too from this situation and she did like that guy and she did like to turn him on this way.

The guy on the other side was falling a little bit in love with her “I did like what you did and i like you, you are really great girl!” he said.

On the way to the main office he told her that she should train to hold it at weekends and that to skip the morning pee would be a good kind of training . The boys at the main office were disappointed, that the „holding girl“ did not run to the loo after such a long time.

The next days the girl weed in a bucket once a day, mostly early afternoon and she did let the boy watch her, there were no more shyness between them, there was more erotic and sexual desire, from both for each other.

It was intelligible, they worked so close together, the girl did wear either super short shorts, or extra short skirts, she did show him so much of her bare skin, for so many hours, that he simply must have been turned on.

Over above she did either hold her bladder all day long, or she did let him watch weeing, it was only a question of a short time until they would start to fuck each other, until they will fuck together.

One week later, a little bit after noon, the boy stopped somewhere between the villages, he wanted to take a piss, like he did it every day at the same place.

Before he opened the door, the girl said “I would need that too, actually really urgently, but if you don’t do it, i will hold it back .”

The boy was surprised, she never did say something like that. He was turned on from this offer, looked at her and asked “how long?”

”So long as i can, or better so long until i can’t anymore, but you should know that i did not go this morning, i did not wee since yesterday evening.” said the girl and smiled.

”You naughty, little girl!!” he said, started the engine and drove away without to piss.

(continue)

*008*2021-12-25 23:30

Part 3

Two hours later the girl was standing with her legs tight crossed. Her bare legs were so sexy for the young man and to see them crossed for holding her wee back, made that awesome legs even more sexy.

„Is it that bad?“ he asked and could not hide how much her pee urge, turned him on. She did know it and she did like to make him horny.

“Oh yea, it is.“ she answered.“My bladder is taut and full, i think i can’t bear that much longer.“ she said and told him that she had to pee in the bucket.

“Oh no, please don’t do that! I do indeed not know how you are doing it, to hold it for so long and to hold so much wee in your young girl bladder, but you do it soooo good, please don’t wee, hold it for me!“ the boy was begging and told her that he would need to piss really bad too, but he would suffer for her.

“That is not the same and that is not fair. You are a strong boy and i am a petite young girl. You pissed in the morning and i did not wee since yesterday. she said.

That is not the same level. She would be willing to hold it and to torture her bladder for hours longer, but he has to drink 2 large glasses mineral and he had to hold it with her. If he piss, she would wee too, she told him.

The boy was needing to pee since before noon and he did know that he would not be able to last much longer if he drink 2 large glasses mineral, but he wanted nothing more than to make this sexy, young girl hold her pee.

He did know that she did not wee since yesterday and that her bladder was very full and he wanted to use the chance to fill her bladder full to explode.

He was ready for to torture his own bladder and to suffer a painful urge for that goal and so he did offer a deal to her.

He would drink one large glass and she should drink a small glass.

„That would be still not fair.“ she said, but she agreed.

It was crazy, both were needing to pee really bad, but they did not go, they did drink and hold it. They were ready to suffer and to endure a painful urge to pee, because they wanted to see the other suffer.

*009*2021-12-29 22:43

{{On 12/19/2021 at 5:57 AM, wether said:

I like the idea that the girl wanted to pee so badly that she let him watch her pee. I guess this might be the reason why I am interested in women pee desperation - there is at least a little chance to see what I normally would not have a chance, or at least dream about it.

}}

I think if a girl is needing to wee really, really bad there will be a point where she simply has to do it. She can no more care about if someone watching her.

I remember it was years ago in Berlin, a bus stopped at a crowded place and some young people were getting out.

One girl squatted as soon as she was out beside the bus and pissed in front of all the people.

I think that she had to hold it for so long and that she was needing it so bad, that she had to do it! She did not even notice that someone was watching her.

To see her piss, to see how much she did pee and to imagine that she all that amount of hot wee had to hold in her bladder, was absolutely turning me on.

*010*2021-12-30 22:26

{{On 12/19/2021 at 5:57 AM, wether said:

I like the idea that the girl wanted to pee so badly that she let him watch her pee. I guess this might be the reason why I am interested in women pee desperation - there is at least a little chance to see what I normally would not have a chance, or at least dream about it.

}}

Another situation where a girl was needing to wee so bad that she did let boys watch her.

Three boys and one girl at a long car ride. They did drink a lot during the journey. The boys stopped anywhere to take a piss, the girl told them that she would need to go too.

The boys said that she could do it also beside the car. The girl said that she would not do it in front of the boys and said that she would hold it.

The boys stopped a second time, the girl was already desperate, but did stay in the car.

Never ever, she would squat and let the boys watch, she said and begged that they should stop at a parking lot with toilet.

The boys told her that they would stop at a parking lot without a loo, if she would let them watch.

After a while the girl said that she would do it, but they should finally stop.

The boys made her wait nearly one hour longer and then as they stopped, the girl did not even care about that the boys watch her, all she wanted, was to piss!

First she said that she would wait and hold, then if a girl is needing to wee really, really bad, she don’t care about anything other, she just wants to piss, because she have to piss!

*011*2022-01-02 23:44

Part 4

The girls bladder was very, very full, it was overfilled and stretched to a size of a big ball. The girl was needing to wee really bad late at afternoon.

”All my abdomen hurts from needing to wee, i have to use the bucket, i can’t anymore.” said the girl and caressed her swollen bladder with one hand.

”Oh no, please don’t wee, hold it, you are doing it so good, you can endure it longer, hold it!” begged the guy.

It was so new for him, since he can remember it was arousing for him if a girl was needing to wee and could not go, or was not allowed to go, but now he was needing to piss one self really bad and painful. He did like that new kind of pain, especially if he thought how painful it must for the girl be, she was holding her wee more than 7 hours longer than he.

He was ready to suffer and to endure more peeholdingpain just to make the girl hold and wait, just to torture her girlbladder more and longer.

”Oh no, no bucket, no wee, you are such a sexy girl and you get more and more sexy the more you need to wee.

Hold it, i am needing to piss really bad too, but i don’t go if you hold it with me.

The delivery window from the bus was already closed, they had to go only to one more village before they would go back to the main office.

The boy was standing behind the girl and pressed his abdomen, especially his swollen bladder hard against the girls firm, little ass and at the same time he pressed with two hands hard on the girls bladder. They both moaned from needing to pee sooo bad.

The girl crossed her bare legs as tight as she could and said “ You can no get enough to make me suffer and to torture my poor bladder!?”

“ No i can’t get enough from that, your bladder can never get full enough and your need to wee can never get strong enough for me.You can’t imagine how arousing that is for me to know that you did not wee since yesterday and to feel that you are so full down there and you can’t absolutely not imagine how bad i want to fuck you, how bad i would love to push my dick deep and hard in your young, tight, little cunt!” said the boy.

”Why don’t you do it?! I would love to get fucked from you since i saw you the first day! I would love to have your penis deep inside me and i would love to know how it feels if you push hard from inside on my poor, expanded bladder.” answered the girl.

They decided to stop at the young man’s house before they would go back to the office. That did mean 2 hours more of piss need, 2 more hours of bladder torture and lust.

It was difficult to work, so full like they were and it was difficult to hide the strong urge from the people.

As soon as they were in the guy’s house, they went straight to his sleeping room, stripped their clothes and went to bed.

Their bellies were both swollen and the girls bladder was visible bulging out from her slim abdomen. The boy did lie on top of the girl, belly on belly, he pressed his bladder with all his weight, hard against the girls bladder. His hard dick was between and putted more pressure on their bladder’s.

They moaned and groaned from needing to piss so bad, but they could not get enough from this kind of torture, from that pain and lust. They pressed, pushed and massaged each other’s bladder , to torture the other and to torture them self.

They fucked like crazy!!! After their climax, they could not hold it any longer, they went to the bathroom, the girl was a little bit leaking, on the way, a few drops of wee were running down on her naked wonderful legs and then they pissed both standing and entangled in the shower.

The hot, wee mixed from both was running down on their legs.

This was not the last time that they fucked with bursting full bladder’s. Sometimes, late morning, when the boy was needing to pee , before he went, he asked the girl “did you wee this morning?”

If she told him that she did not wee, she was holding her urine since yesterday evening, the boy did not talk a pee, he did hold it too.

The girl did know very well that she would get fucked at the evening if she told him that she is still holding her morning pee and that her bladder is full to explode.

Sometimes when they had no time enough go to the guys house, they fucked in the bus before they went to the office.

Before they did leave, they pissed both in the bucket and watched who was holding more.

The girls new job was a peeholding job and a challenge for her young bladder!

I would love to work with her!

*012*2022-01-05 22:24

Would it be more fair if the young man had to skip his morning pee as well, or should just the girl hold her wee from the day before, because she is a young girl and girls have always to be able to hold it, even they are full to burst!?

*015*2022-01-06 22:38

{{23 hours ago, Secret2020 said:

Since I'm meanly into male desperation, I'd say make him hold as long as he can. Let him try to hold it from the day before Maybe even let them make a contest out of it.

}}

Thank you for your answer. I understand that you are meanly into male desperation. I like both desperate boys and girls.

I wrote here at omorashi some stories and experiences about boy desperation. I don’t know if you did read them.

”No pee stop for a hitchhiker boy”

”No relief for a boy’s bursting bladder “

”Milenko”

I think, i should write some stories about boys again.

*017*2022-01-06 23:20

{{18 hours ago, Trickling Down said:

Only the girl should hold from the day before. She’s the one with the big bladder after all

}}

I absolutely love it if girls have to hold it longer, if girls have to endure more pee need than boys.

Girls can’t squat so easily somewhere, they have to hold it, how bad they ever would need to wee.

No wee in the morning for our young girl and not allowed to wee in the bucket during the day, than we will see what she will do.

Her bladder is big, but it must get bigger after holding it for so long.

I think she should drink enough and not suffer thirst, she should better suffer a ultra strong urge to piss!

*019*2022-02-22 18:54

{{On 12/17/2021 at 3:55 PM, jimpix123 said:

Squat

}}

You want to see her squat and watch her peeing!? Me too, but before she have to hold it until she absolutely can’t anymore! Her bladder should get big and hard as a bowling ball!!!

