The boat trip

Author: huberp76

*000*2023-12-14 22:31

Many men and boys gets turned on and aroused, when a girl says that she is needing to wee.

Many of us guys gets totally horny, when a girl gets more and more desperate, but still can’t go to the toilet, or still can’t squat anywhere for a much needed pee.

Just to know that a girl is holding a full bladder for hours, can be very exciting and arousing.

Peter is one of that guys, he loves that all.

Since a few weeks he is dating a girl who did not use a toilet during their dates, no matter how long they did stay together.

Sometimes they met long before noon and did stay until late evening, she did not go and Peter did love that!

Although Peter was turned on very much about that and although Peter did think so many times at the full bladder of his girl, they did never talk about it.

Not until Peter invited the girl to a overnight boat trip on his parents boat.

They went on a spring Saturday morning to a lake where the boat was situated.

Then they did go with the boat near to a little island, where they were alone and out of sight of other‘s.

For swimming was it to cold, but it was warm enough for laying in the sun at the deck and for to spend a nice day on board of the boat.

Peter peed twice over the railing during the day, he had not a problem being watched from the girl, the girl as usual peed not even once.

It was late evening, they were already inside the boat and decided to sleep.

They were laying naked, side by side under one blanket. They didn’t have sex before sleeping, because they had two times sex before, during the day.

Peter was again turned on about the girl, but this time on another way.

The light was already out as Peter asked „do you not need to wee? You have not weed even once all the day!“

“I would need to , but i can’t. I can’t pee if someone listens, or if someone watches me. I don’t know if you noticed, i did never use public toilets at our dates, although i had to go sometimes very urgently.“ answered the girl.

“I heard about that, one of my friends is pee shy as well, he can’t pee if someone is beside him.

But your bladder must be very full, you did not wee all day, can you sleep with your bladder that full?“ asked Peter with a already hard penis.

“I don’t know, but i have no other way than to hold it.“ replied the girl.

Peter was excited and aroused about to sleep with a girl who had not peed all day and who had a very full bladder in her belly.

He wanted to tease her a little bit and he wanted to increase his horniness and so he said „are you sure that you are able to hold it and that you don’t wet me in the night?“

“Don‘t worry, i am good trained because of my shyness problem.“ answered the girl and kissed him goodnight.

The splashing water against the fuselage of the boat, did not really help her and was increasing her strong urge even more.

As soon as they waked up in the morning, whispered the girl „i need to pee so bad, i will not be able to hold it until the evening at home.“

„That is not really a wonder, that you are needing to wee, you did not go since 24 hours, your bladder must be full to burst.“ answered Peter.

Peter was getting very horny about the circumstance, that the girl did not urinate since 24 hours and that she did think about to hold it until at home.

He putted on hard down to her lower abdomen, he caressed her swollen belly and pressed soft on her firm bladder.

“You are pretty full down there, i can’t imagine that you can bear up not to wee until you are at home, i think you have to squat on deck, there is nobody here around who can see you.“ he said and hopped that she would not do it, but he had to make her a offer.

“I am worried about it, that i can’t hold it that long, but i am sorry, i can’t do that, i can’t squat and pee outside.“ answered the poor girl, for Peter’s joy and pleasure.

“I have to be sorry for you, but i think that then you will have to hold it.“ said the boy full of lust and joy for the next hours.

They had a good breakfast and were laying after that in the sun on the deck of the boat.

The girl did wear only tiny bikini panties and over the waistband of her panties were the contours of her bladder visible.

It was already noon and the poor did not wee since 28 hours.

“I am so sorry that i destroy our weekend with my phobia, but it will not be possible for me to hold my pee back until i am at home at evening, to hurts so bad, i need to wee so very, very urgently, my bladder is already about to explode.

Can please leave earlier!?“ asked the girl and hopped that they would leave as soon as possible.

Peter was excited and aroused, he wanted more from her desperation and he wanted it longer, he didn’t want to leave now and so he said „ it is really a pity that we can’t stay all day long, but i don’t want, that you have to suffer too long, we will not stay until evening, we leave earlier. Would 3 pm be okay for you?“ asked Peter.

“That means, 5 hours longer pee holding more for me. I don’t know if i can endure that, but i‘ll try my best.“ answered the girl.

“You will make it, you will stand it, you said that you are good trained.“ replied the boy, full of horniness.

The girls bladder was getting more and more bulging out of her sexy belly and she was getting more and more frantic for to pee.

It was near to 3 pm and the girl had not weed since longer than 30 hours.

“Sorry, but i can’t hold it until at home, if we leave now, i can not endure it for 3 more hours, it is coming already out of me, i am about to wet myself.“ said the girl and at the same moment was her bikini panty getting a little bit wet between her thighs.

“It is funny and interesting in the same way, you can’t pee, but you can pee yourself.“ said Peter.

„It is not funny, it hurts so bad, i can’t stand it anymore, but i don’t want to pee myself.“ said the girl.

Peter realized that she was at her absolutely limit and that he would not be able to make her hold until at home, therefore he had to offer her a opportunity for to wee, before she would piss herself.

It was so exciting for him, she could not pee, but she had to press her finger deep in her girl slit, on her little peehole, to keep her pee inside her.

That was a totally contrary.

Peter wanted to use every single minute to see her holding and suffer, before he went with her down in the cabin.

He did give her a little bucket and told her that she could pee in that bucket and he will wait outside.

She did agree, she had no more another chance , it was already coming out of her.

Peter could hear how loud and how long she pissed till she came out with a bucket full with 1.5 liter hot, dark yellow urine inside.

“I admire you for your great holding performance and for your great bladder control.

I could not even imagine that a girl would be able to hold her wee for so long and i could not imagine that a girl would be able to hold so much wee inside her.

That was absolutely amazing and great!“ said Peter.

“I am surprised about myself, i didn’t know that as well. I never before was holding it so long and i never before was holding so much, but it was hurting so much and it was absolutely painful.“ answered the girl and emptied the bucket in the lake.

They were both so horny, that they fucked twice before they were leaving early evening.

*002*2023-12-15 21:32

{{8 hours ago, Resch said:

Great story. Not bad from the girl. But is 30 hours really her limit. I think her shy bladder can hold it even longer 😉.

}}

I am glad that you like my story.

I agree with you, i think as well that her shy bladder can hold it longer.

A girl should not have a limit, a girl should always be able to hold it until she gets a chance, or until she will be allowed to pee.

