New Years Eve Party Gone Wrong

Author: HaruhiSuzumiya

*000*2017-12-25 00:41

This story was requested by Rick Dixon.

Mary Amos was your average thirty year old woman. She wore average clothes: white tee with grey sweatshirt, blue jeans, and black boots, and she wore her black hair in a ponytail.

It was New Years Eve, and Mary was invited to a party. She walked in the building, finishing an extra large coffee from Dunkin' Donuts.

"Hi guys!" she said. All her friends and family were there, and they were pretty happy to see her. Mary and her friends had fun, dancing, drinking wine and soda and water. But Mary's bladder began to get full over the course of the night, and there was one bathroom. Even worse, she walked past it many times not thinking to stop and use it.

Eventually, her kidneys started to hurt as did her belly. Regretting her choice to not go to the bathroom, she thought "OK, I have to use the bathroom NOW!"

While on line for the bathroom, Mary noticed a man her age named Jason Marshall. Jason noticed her discomfort, and was pretty aroused by it. To pass the time, Mary walked around the hall and saw kids playing in another room. That's when Jason snuck in from behind, went into the bathroom, and shut the door.

Angry, Mary shouted "No! I was about to head in there. Jason, do you really have to go?"

"I do!" said Jason.

"Whatever. Hurry up," said Mary.

Jason watched Mary pace around from under the door. When he came out, a mother with three kids asked to use the bathroom. Mary couldn't deny kids, so she let them in, even though she really had to go.

"What happened?" Jason asked.

Angry and uncomfortable, Mary mustered, "Now I have to wait for kids!"

She couldn't keep still, but Jason grabbed her, took her to the party room, and held her close as he forced her to dance. He pushed against Mary's bladder. "Will I pee myself in public?" wondered Mary. Jason swung Mary out, dipped her like a salsa dance, pulled her leg up and she almost lost it. Then he tossed her and she fell over onto the nearby couch.

Mary was about to burst and held herself, saying “I’m going to pee my pants! My bladder's going to explode.” She ran to the bathroom, but there were people still in line, and they kept stopping her. "Come on! I can't hold it in anymore!"

And then it happened.

Her bladder burst!

She felt a stream of pee splash down her legs and soak her shoes. Everybody in line laughed, while Mary got angry.

"It's not funny! If you had let me go, none of this would've ever happened!" She turned toward Jason, who watched the entire ordeal from afar.

"Same goes to you, Jason."

Suddenly, she stopped. If she hadn't waited to use the bathroom every time she walked past it, she wouldn't have peed her pants. Thus it was her fault!

"I need someone to help wash the piss off my feet," she said.

Jason beamed. "Will do!" he said.

