The girl from the bar!

Author: huberp76

*000*2023-04-29 22:17

It was Saturday evening, a young man was sitting in a cocktail bar.

Two or three seats from him away was a girl sitting on a bar stool . She was slim, pretty and she was sitting in a way that she was showing a lot of her slender, bare legs.

Her skirt was pretty short and the guy could not resist to look at her slim thighs, which were naked fare over her knees.

They looked at each other and the girl smiled at him in a way that the guy felt animated to invite her for a drink.

They were sitting now side by side, the guy was touching sometimes her knees and caressed her bare thighs. She did let him do it and putted her hand at his thighs.

They were sexual attracted to each other and therefore the girl agreed to go home with the guy to spend the night with him.

As soon as they were at the guy’s home, they went to the sleeping room, stripped their clothes and fucked like crazy.

After midnight he turned off the lights for to sleep.

No one of them went to the bathroom before sleeping.

The guy did love it to have his own bladder full and to suppress his urge to pee sometimes for a very long time and he loved it even more to make a girl hold and to prevent her to take a much needed wee.

He noticed very well that the girl has not been at the toilet in the bar, but that she did drink a lot.

Her bladder must have been full after all that time, but she did not ask for the loo before sleeping.

He absolutely loved that, a sexy young girl with a strong bladder and a good control over her bodily needs is a good combination.

This circumstances made him horny again, but he wanted to wait until the morning to fuck her a second time because her bladder would be even more full after the night.

It was about 4 am when she waked him up and said „ can you show me the bathroom please.“

“No i can not, it is in the middle in the night, i don’t want to get up and you should sleep.“ said the guy.

“But i need to wee, my bladder is so full that i can’t sleep anymore.“ she answered.

“You are a big girl, you can wait until the morning.“ said the man.

“Let me to the bathroom, i need to wee really, really bad. I am needing to go since we were at the bar, but i did not want to leave you alone, so i did put it off, then i wanted to go before sleeping, but you turned off the lights so fast and spontaneous, therefore i did put it off again and thought and hoped, that i could bear up until the morning, but i can’t wait now any longer . Let me to the loo.“ she was begging.

“No i don’t let you, hold it! I don’t like it if girls can’t control their bladder and their bodily needs.“ he said and putted his arm around her hips to hold her tight.

She told him that she can control her bladder very well, but she did not wee since yesterday noon.

That was not really a reason for him to let her go, that was more a reason for him to make her wait and hold.

He told her that he would need to piss very bad as well but he don’t go, because to have a full bladder can feel good and arousing.

2 hours later she was begging again, but he still did not let her out of the bed. He did hold her tight and pressed with one hand soft on her swollen bladder.

She moaned and groaned, she was crossing her legs and trembled from needing to wee so very bad and told him that she will wet the bed if he would not stop that.

His urge was already very strong too and he was very horny from torturing the girls bladder.

He was lying on the girl with all his weight, his bone hard penis was between their bellies and pressed hard against their bulging bladders.

He did love to torture their bladders that way and it was a extra turn on for him to know that the girl did not piss since 18 hours, but on the other hand he did try not to move to much, because he had to be careful not to cum just from pressing and rubbing.

After a while he fucked her very hard and he pressed with one hand firm on her poor bladder.

The girl was in ecstasy from lust and from needing to wee so unbelievable bad.

Sometimes later, at the breakfast she told him that she was never before got fucked with her bladder that full and with such a strong and painful urge to pee, but that she never before had a better sex in her life than before.

“It must have been not our last time!“ said the guy and smiled.

