Story Commissions

Author: Hotdogking42

*000*2026-02-05 01:00

So, let's cut to the chase. I need money, so I'm opening some story commissions.

Here is a quick run through of the rules. You can request either OCs or pre-established characters, provided they are over 18. I will have a list of things I won't do, and things I might do, under the right conditions. If something isn't on either of these lists, it means I'm either ok with it, or I forgot about it. After those lists, I will list my pricing. This pricing is based on how I've seen other people do it on this site. Do not bother haggling, as I will not lower them.

Won't do:

Male

Messing or anything to do with scat at all

Diapers

Sex scenes

Incestuous relationships of any kind.

Maybe:

Furry*

Nudity**

Things that revolve around a lack of consent***

*I will do anthropomorphic animals, or human with animalistic features, like the Faunus from RWBY. I will not do full on animals though.

** If you want a character to be naked, I will say that they are, or loosely describe how they became so. I will not go into detail on a character's nude body however.

***I will describe a scene of someone being made to hold it against their will, provided that it's treated by the narrative as a bad thing, for example a villain forcing a hero to hold it. I will not write scenes about someone forcing their partner to do it without prior agreement to being ok with it because it's sexy. That will just make me uncomfortable.

Apart from that, request anything you like. Simply leave your request here or DM me privately, I will send you my rev tag (since Revolut is currently the only method I have of accepting payment), and as soon as I've written the story, I'll give you the total cost, you send the money to me, and I'll send you the story. I'll also post it here too if you're ok with it.

Pricing:

I will charge by the word, and it'll be 2c per word. However, there is something to note with my commissions. If you really want to see something from my Maybe list that I said I wouldn't do, I will still do it, on the condition that there be a 50% additional charge. If you really want to see something from my Won't list, then I will write it, on the condition that there be a 100% additional charge. Apart from sex scenes, or incest. I am simply too uncomfortable with writing either of those.

Well, that's all I have to say. Feel free to request away, and I will get through them all as quick as I can. Please remember that I am a college student, so that takes priority. But, I will write your story ASAP! Thank you all in advance!

