Pissing myself in an unknown omorashi fan house

Author: HyperOsmolar

*000*2019-01-15 21:38

I rang the door and waited for like seemed ages, both hands in my crotch, my heart sank as the thought that there might not be anyone home creeped into my mind.

I rang again before reluctantly giving up, I didn’t know if I could hold it until the next door a few meters away, I had waited too much here.

I turned back and started slowly and painfully walking towards the street, my bladder pulsating filled to the brim with warm liquid, when I heard the door unlocking. My heard skipped a beat and the happiness summoned the thought “I can hold it!”.

A man waited at the door, and mustering all my strength I said: “e-excuse me, can I use your bathroom please?”. No time for embarrassment here, I need to pee now.

A faint smile formed in the man’s face, he spoke happily: “You came to the worse place you could have, I almost feel sorry for you”. I didn’t knew what he meant but desperation filled my mind "No toilet?”.

“You see” he continued “I have a fetish for people holding and peeing themselves, I wont offer you my bathroom, but I can offer you some extra clothes to pee on and a towel to clean yourself”.

My mind was left blank, unable to process, not understanding what he had said: “What?”

“I’m not in any obligation to let you use my toilet”, he added gravely.

I needed to pee, now, I looked back at the street “can I make it somewhere else?” And realized that there were only office buildings “they wont let me use any bathrooms anywhere!”.

“At this point is pee your clothes or my clothes, or public urination of course” he said regaining his happy tone.

With my legs held together, my hands in my crotch, a red face and a full bladder I accepted.

“Nice, come in please”. While slowly, making tiny steps towards the inside of the house a thought came “Maybe I can search for a toilet while he goes get the clothes?”, but went away instantly as just after closing the door the man handed a short and boxers from a pile of folded clothes next to the door, too big for me. “There you go, change into that and pee yourself”.

“Here, with you?”, I asked, even in this grim state I couldn’t change in front of him while almost peeing myself.

“Yeah, I can turn back if you want”.

“P-please do”.

He turned back and I automatically unbuttoned my jeans, still not believing myself with what I was doing.

I took out my jeans and underwear as fast as I could, taking my shoes with them when I threw them away with a movement of my leg.

Having no pants and separated my legs to throw away my clothes proved to be too much for my bladder, with piss leaking down my legs.

I shoved the boxers up and tried to grab the shorts before my bladder gave up, I tried controlling it for a few seconds, legs glued together and one hand on my crotch, while the other stupidly held the shorts away to avoid wetting them.

My futile resistance only lasted a few seconds, barely able to slow down the stream soaking the boxers before all my resistance gave up and I let the pee flow freely. My mind disconnected at this point, with pleasure being the only thing filling my mind.

I don't know how long I pissed, but when I came back to my senses the man was recording me with his smartphone, a boner in his pants and a grin in his face.

“Nice, almost 2 minutes piss”

I fell defeated and exhausted into my own giant puddle of pee, “Can I just clean myself now?”, I asked weakly.

“Yes, you can shower if you want

*002*2019-01-16 19:11

{{14 hours ago, AliasnameTO said:

Interesting concept, but I couldn't get over the grammar. You use a ton of "comma splices" where what should be two sentences are combined incorrectly with a comma. There were a few other issues but that was the big one.

I do wonder where the story might go if you choose to revisit the guy's omo house though hehe.

}}

Thanks for the feedback, this is my first time writing something like this.

I will probably update it at some point to make it more legible, don't think I will continue the story though.

