Batwing desperation story

Author: HaruhiSuzumiya

*000*2021-04-25 23:26

David Zavimbe, better known as Batwing, was out on patrol of the Gotham City streets again. He'd been asked by Bruce Wayne to monitor Crown Street, where Wayne Enterprises was located, and he happily obliged; after all, he was a newcomer to this superhero business, having only served in the brutal Congolese army before. Right now, Batwing had his watchful eyes scanning over the empty streets lit only by streetlights, no people to be found save for businessmen who were returning home from their daily jobs. Batwing himself was pretty jovial, considering this a learning experience: one day, he would become very much like his mentor Batman. And that's when he felt it.

It started as a slight discomfort in his bladder, small enough for him to ignore, thinking he'd survive his shift before things got major. His mind refocused on looking for any criminals that happened to set their sights on Crown Street, given that Gotham was ridden with dirty deeds. The roads seemed okay, but Batwing couldn't keep his guard down just yet. He knew that there'd soon be activity.

What he didn't know is that the uncomfortable feeling in his bladder had raised little by little, enough for him to unwittingly cross his legs in hopes of cancelling out all the pressure. He surveyed the area once more, walking back and forth, the weirdness in his gut starting to become noticeable. Suddenly, he spotted something out of the corner in his eye. From the shadows emerged an armored car, its black color able to reflect the moon.

Batwing gasped as three surly men stepped out, eyeing the hero in disdain.

"Hands up!" the middle man, distinguished by his short brown beard, yelled.

"Who are you?" said Batwing. "And what do you want?"

"We came for the Wayne," the first man, sporting a goatee, said. "Rumor is he's got a hefty bounty."

Batwing's expression morphed from one of shock to one of determination.

"You're not getting away with this, fiend!" he said. However, he was cut off by a painful rumble shooting through his abdomen. He had to hurry up, or else things would get ugly fast. As the pressure increased, Batwing carefully choreographed a moveset of punches and kicks to the three criminals, who retaliated by taking out shotguns and pumping them.

Uh-oh, Batwing thought. If one hits me, I'll probably piss my pants. A shot in the chest equals loss of bladder functions... right?

Fortunately, Batwing was able to dance through the resulting gunfire, as he had his heart set on the deed being done. Once he was close to the third man, he quickly grabbed his gun and tossed it backwards into a nearby garbage can.

"No!" the man shouted in despair.

The other two men turned to look on him, unable to believe Batwing discarded his gun. Batwing used this time to continue his sleight of hand tricks, taking both their guns and forcefully throwing them to the ground. The first gun's handle snapped in half, and the second gun's barrel cracked.

With the pressure in his privates growing by the second, Batwing tried to fight against his desperation as he gripped the rope he had in his utility belt and lassoed it onto the criminals.

"Have mercy on us!" the second man begged.

Batwing reached for his transmitter and dialed the cops' code number.

A burst of static, then "Hello?"

"Yes, this is Batwing," Batwing said. "I've just disarmed three criminals who were trying to rob Wayne Enterprises. Come when you can."

"We'll be right over."

Suddenly, Batwing felt a few droplets of pee leak from his bladder. His face twisted into a mortified expression as he felt himself losing control. With no time to waste, he dashed into Wayne Enterprises, intending to use their bathrooms to relieve himself.

Once inside, Batwing scanned the lobby for the bathroom. Finding it at the very back of the room, he flew in, hoping no one would see him moving at an unusual speed.

After locking himself into the stall and stripping himself of his costume's bottom piece, he sat down and relaxed his bladder, letting a steady stream of urine flow into the toilet. He sighed.

"Ahhh..."

To him, this reward was well-deserved.

