Peter‘s „Friend„

Author: huberp76

*000*2024-05-09 22:54

Peter was always turned on very much when girls were needing to wee very bad.

He loved to see them cross their legs, to rub their knees, to press their knees together, to stand with the legs like a X, to see them bending over and to do all that things what girls are doing when they are needing to wee really, really urgently.

He had a friend, it was not really a friend, it was a fellow worker, but they did spend sometimes time together with their girlfriends.

Not to often, because Peter’s girlfriend didn’t like him so much, because he was a macho and for her was he to much dominant against his girl.

The guy’s girlfriend had not really a problem with it, because she wanted a strong guy beside her and she accepted his dominance.

They had some rules what she had to accept and one of the rules was that she was not allowed to use a toilet when they were out and she was not allowed to ask for a pee stop at car trips, not even when the journey did last very long.

It was not always so easy, but she try her best to satisfy the rules and did try to hold it until at home, even if she was needing to go very bad, but sometimes when she thought that she can’t stand it any longer she asked for permission to use the toilet somewhere on the way before they were at home.

Sometimes he did let her go and sometimes not.

At the special day they made a day outing in a foursome. On the way home they stopped late in the evening for a fast dinner on a motor service station.

The guys girl asked silently, but for Peter and his girl hearable “ I need to wee so very bad and so urgently, may i please as an exception go to the toilet?”

” You weak gal, you are not even able to bear up from morning to evening without a piss, you mean honestly that you can’t wait 2 or 3 hours longer till at home?

What a shame that you ask in present of our friends for permission to piss like a little school girl, i think we have to train you and your weak bladder!!

At our next day trip you will be not allowed to pee in the morning and you will have to hold it back until we are at home at evening, then you will see what it means need to piss really bad and no, you may not piss now, squeeze your slit tight together and hold it, like a good girl should do that!” answered the guy.

*001*2024-05-11 23:41

Just 2 or 3 weeks later, the two couples met again for a sightseeing trip to a town about 2 hours away from their home.

Near to noon noticed Peter‘s girl that the other girl crossed her legs more and more often and more tighter when they were standing somewhere.

“You are going again to wee like last time?“ she asked her when nobody was around and could hear it.

“Oh yes!!! I need to wee very bad, he didn’t let me go to the toilet this morning. I have not weed since yesterday evening.“ answered the girl silently.

„ Oh my God, your bladder must be already big as a soccer ball!! How can you endure that? I am really sorry for you.“ said Peter’s girl.

“You don’t have to be sorry, i am accustomed to hold it and to have my bladder very full for a long time.“ answered the girl.

“But we will not be at home before 10 pm, that means that you have to hold your wee from entire 24 hours. Can you endure that? Can you stand that? Have you ever before been holding it for so long?“ she asked.

“I don’t know if i can, but i have to endure it, it is my punishment for asking last time for the toilet and yes i have been already hold it for 24 hours and i can tell you that can hurt pretty bad not to wee for so long.“ answered the girl.

Peter‘s girl told Peter that the poor girl is needing to wee so bad, but is not allowed to go.

She wanted that Peter should talk with the guy that he should let her go to the toilet in the restaurant when they are at lunch.

Peter on the other hand told her that he will not talke about it with him because they have their own rules and that is only something between him and the girl.

“But he didn’t let her to the toilet in the morning, that is torture what he is doing with her.“ said the girl angrily.

„Honestly? She didn’t wee since yesterday? That is really very hard and cruel, but that is their own problem, or better more the girls problem.“ answered Peter and was absolutely aroused about it and the imagination how long the girl didn’t wee and how full and big her bladder must be.

The guys girl was a pretty girl, she had a great sexy body and wonderful legs.

With the actual knowledge could Peter no more calm town, he enjoyed to see how the girl moved her body from needing to wee so bad and he was aroused to see how she was sometimes standing with her sexy legs tight crossed.

They had lunch at 1 pm. Before they did leave the restaurant went Peter‘s girl to the toilet and asked the other girl if she would come with her, but the girl who was needing to wee so bad, denied, because she was banned to wee.

Late at afternoon was it no more able for the girl to hide her need and her strong urge to wee, but her friend had no mercy with her, he didn’t let her go to the toilet, he just said when he saw her standing with crossed legs, that she should not act like a school girl who is about to piss her panties wet.

“How else can she act when you didn’t let her pee since 20 hours, can’t you understand that it is painful for her and that her bladder must be near to explode? Let her finally go to the toilet!“ said Peter’s girl.

“No, absolutely no, we have rules and she has to satisfy the rules, she is a big girl, she can hold it! And she must get extra punished for complaining about that she was not allowed to piss in the morning.“answered the guy.

