Girls hold it to make boys horny

Author: huberp76

*000*2020-01-08 21:56

Some girls know that some boys gets horny if they hold a full bladder for hours, if the boys know that they would need to wee, but don’t go.

Years ago, I made a car trip with one of my friends and with two girls.

This girls was not our girl friends, just girls for fun.

On the way home, it was late in the afternoon, admitted the girl from my friend that she was needing to wee really bad.

I did love to hear that and i was hard at the moment, but my friend told her that he would stop at the next parking lot.

I really did not want that!

I was surprised as the girl said that it would not be necessary to stop for her, she is going to hold it until she is at home.

My friend told her that it would take more than two hours.

The girl answered that she did not pee since 5 in the morning and that 2 or 3 hours more would not mind.

I was total aroused. We all did know now, that she was needing to wee bad and that her bladder was full with hot wee from the day.

My girl pissed twice since the morning, bad girl.

One hour later she said „ it’s getting really bad „ and pressed with her hand in her belly, on her full bladder

“I‘ll stop at the next station „ said my friend, a little bit worried.

“No, we don’t need to stop, i am good in holding, my bladder has simply to endure that „ she replied and massaged her bladder.

My friend did not care about that, but i was horny like hell and i think that was exactly what she wanted, to make us horny.

It was bad, she had the wrong boy and i had the wrong girl.

I wanted more of it, i wanted to talk about her full bladder and her need to pee.

I wanted to increase my horniness , so i asked her what her longest time was, without a wee.

She did total realize that i was, in opposite to my friend, absolute horny from her holding performance.

She told us that she sometimes did hold it from evening until next day afternoon.

One hour later she said, that she will wee her panties if she is not soon at home.

She pressed her hands between her thighs.

She did exactly know that i was thinking on her full bladder, on her panties and on her squeezed girl slit.

She nearly forced me to do that.

Did someone of you had a similar experience with a girl.

Where a girl told you that she would need to wee, but did not go?

Where a girl told you that she would need a loo, where she told you how bad she would need it and still did not go for hours?

Where a girl did try to make you horny with her bursting bladder and with her desperation?

Please write some experiences or stories about that.

,

*002*2021-01-12 00:09

{{On 1/9/2020 at 12:27 AM, Tree Trimmer said:

I have only heard of one girl who liked to make boys horny by waiting until she had to hold herself in order to keep from peeing her panties, but maybe it's more common than we think!!

}}

Could you please tell us more about that girl!?

*005*2021-01-13 19:14

{{8 hours ago, Dwayne said:

Your stories always remind me of a close platonic friend of mine, who often holds it for me when we're texting, well knowing that it will get me horny. While she has a strong bladder, she always has to urgently pee after school and work as she doesn't like going somewhere else. She needs almost 2 hours back home and usually tells me how she's slightly pee dancing while waiting for the bus. I'm sometimes lucky to push her to the state where she begs me to let her pee.

At one time she got unlucky and there was no bus to drive her home, so her mother got her. Unfornately her mother had some stuff to do and went to the grocery store, so that the poor girl had to endure it even longer in the car, fearing that she might pee herself. Despite that, I cancelled her plans to relief herself when she got home and made her stand in front of the toilet without peeing, just to return into her room with her full bladder. Then she watched a movie with her family without going. When she came back she told me, she's almost peeing herself and begged me to let her go. I denied with the reasoning, if she's not pee dancing yet it's not urgent. This went on until she ran back and forth in her room, bouncing on place while texting me and grabbing her crotch. Eventually I let her go as she was in pain.

She usually tells me she starts leaking into her panties, but sometimes she can't handle it anymore and even gets her pants or leggings wet (though this is the part she doesn't want to proof to me, so I don't ask for pictures). I'll usually get pictures of her tightly crossed legs. Our usual compromise is that if she starts pee dancing and leaking, I allow her to go pee.

I'm absolutely amazed that she does that for me, well knowing that it turns me on. She's willing to hold it the whole day for me and even pushes herself by drinking more, without me telling her to. Wish I could see that in action sometime. We've only met once, where I didn't make her hold it. While platonic, we have a very perverted and open communication. I know and support her fetishes, she knows and supports mine. I yet have to receive my birthday gift where she has to hold it until she hops around.

}}

Great story and a great experience!

I absolutely love longtime holding.

I love it if a girl is putting it off, or has to putting it off longer and longer.

I love it if a girl is needing to wee but don’t go, or can not go, or is not allowed to go for extreme long.

So hot and arousing for me to imagine, that your girl was needing to wee after school, she wanted to wait, as usual, until home.

No bus, she had to wait until her mother did pick her up, her mother went to a store, the girl had to wait and to hold.

I like how you write it „ the poor girl had to endure it even longer.“

Maybe that the girl was poor, because she was needing to wee so bad, but she had to wait longer, but that is it exactly what i love!

Than you made her hold it longer, no wee for her when she got home, she had to go in her room, with her bladder full „she watched a movie without going „ So hot!

She does that for you, she hold it all day and drink extra, a dream such a girl.

I think she like that too, she likes to be made to hold it and she likes to turn you on, with her bursting full bladder and her depression.

A absolutely great birthday gift would be when she visits you with a full bladder and let you make her hold for hours on end.

