Danja! Rent a girl to make her hold!

Author: huberp76

*000*2020-03-11 22:36

There was a agency where you could rent girls and boys for special sex activities.

Girl for girls- boys for boys- sadomasochistic- boundage- spanking and something more.

A guy who like it if girls need to wee but don’t go, if they can not go, if they are not allowed to go, a guy who like it if a girl hold, or has to hold her full bladder for hours, called at this agency.

He asked if they would have a girl which would hold her pee for him, as long as she can.

The man on the phone told him, that they don’t have special girls for for that, but all their girls are used to hold it.

The rules for the girls are so that they are not allowed to go to the loo without permission.

The girls has always to ask if they can go and if he would deny her to go, she would have to stay and hold it.

The girls have to obey .

The guy started to talk more about his special wishes and so he said that the girl should have a large bladder and a good ability to hold it, so that she could last a long time without to wee.

The agent told him that he did take, some weeks ago, one of their girls on a “business journey “.

He noticed that this girl did not go to the loo, all day long.

He told him that the girl is new in their group.

She is young and very slim and if he like it if girls are young and very slim, than this could be a girl for him and for his desire.

The guy was happy about this fast and for him perfect offer and said that he would like to “try” this girl for a long weekend.

The man had some extra wishes for the meeting.

The girl should not know that he would make her hold.

The situation should seem absolutely naturally.

The girl should think that her desperation develop from the circumstances and not on purpose.

The bus ride would last a little bit longer than 3 hours for the girl and the man wanted that the bladder from the girl should be pretty full when she arrives.

On this special day, they made the girl drink coffee and mineral water and did not give her a opportunity to go to the loo all morning.

A man from the agency, did bring her at noon to the bus station.

He was told to take care, that she did not pee on the way to the bus.

At the station the man told her, that the ride would last about 3 hours and that her customer would pick her up at the final station.

The girl was a little bit shocked and worried.

She was already needing to wee and to hold it for 3 hours more, would be a long time, so she asked “ may i go to the loo before i leave?”

She crossed her nude, slim legs to demonstrate that it would be urgently.

”No sorry!” said the man “ there is no loo around here and the bus is leaving in a few minutes. There is not enough time for you to wee, but you are a big girl, i think you can hold it.” and smiled.

The man was total aroused from this situation.

He did know that this pretty girl was needing to wee, he did know that she had to hold it for 3 hours longer and that her costumer would not let her go for hours more, this was total exciting for him.

The man called the guy on the phone and told him that the girl is already in the bus.

He told him that she wanted to wee before she went in the bus and that he did not let her go.

He told him that she did not pee since she did get up early in the morning and that she was made to drink a lot.

That was like music for the guy. Both were turned on from the thought on the girls full bladder and how she had to squeeze her young pussy shut, to keep her panties dry.

The poor girl was needing to wee so bad, but she captured like a prisoner, with her full bladder, in the bus.

Danja, so was her name, did not know that she was prepared, to have a full bladder for her customer.

Really bad, first they made her drink and then when she was needing to wee, they did not let her go.

Danja was hoping that there would be a loo at the final station where she could go as soon as they arrive.

There was a loo, but the guy did not give her a chance to use it.

He did bring her straight away from the bus to his car.

Danja was sitting beside him, her mini skirt was fare up on her thighs.

He had his hand on her nude thigh and glided up, nearly to her panties.

”You looks really great, exactly how i like girls, young and very slim. Your legs are amazing. I am glad that you are her, i think we will have her nice weekend.” said the man.

The girl smiled and hoped that it would not be far to the guy’s house where she could finally take a much needed wee.

The man wanted the opposite, no wee for the girl. He wanted to make the girls bladder big and hard as a melon.

Half hour later they was in the city on a kiosk.

The man ordered 2 glasses of champagne and said “ Cheers and welcome.”

Danja was needing to wee so bad, but instead to wee, instead to let something out of her overfilled bladder, she had to drink and make her poor bladder fuller.

It was torture for her and for her bladder.

She did not know what to do. She did not know how much longer she had to hold it and she did not know how much longer she was able to hold it.

The girl did try to hide her need so good as any possible.

She had to cross her beautiful, nude legs, but this are girls doing without any reason.

The man did know very well, why she was doing it and did enjoy this for him so arousing situation.

Danja squeezed with her slim thighs her pussy shut, to keep her panties dry.

All girls from the agency was trained to hold it and was used to wait for a natural opportunity to pee.

So Danja had to hold it, how bad it ever would go and the man did know that.

He ordered a second glass of champagne and said “ one more of a nice weekend.”

The girl said “ I am sorry, i can’t drink anymore, I am needing to wee so bad, I am doing it in my panties, if i drink some more and can’t pee.”

”Oh i see “ teased the guy “ my poor little pee girl needs to wee so bad, but i think you are big enough to hold it a little longer. One more glass and then we try to find a loo for you.”

The poor girl had to obey, but would her bladder obey to her?

The guy had all the time of the world.

Danja could not hide her urge anymore, she was standing with her legs tight crossed and bending over.

She looked with pleading eyes to the man and said “ Please bring me somewhere, where i can wee, i am needing it so bad.”

She did try to explain why she did need to pee so bad. She told him that she did not go since 5 am, she told him that she did drink all morning and that she was needing to wee before she went to the bus.

Danja thought that the man would have pity with her and that he would bring her so fast as possible to a loo, but to bring her to a loo, was total the opposite from that what the man wanted.

The poor girl could not stand straight anymore, she was rubbing her knees and said “i am sorry that i I’m acting like a school girl, but i am needing to wee cince so long, you can’t imagine how bad i need to wee and how painful it is to hold it for so long.”

The man looked at her and said “You don’t have to be sorry, i have to be sorry, i am really, really bad.

You can’t imagine how that turns me on if a pretty girl like you, needs to wee so bad as you.”

The guy was horny like hell, he did offer her to pay the double charge, if she don’t go to the loo, if she hold her wee for him.

The girl was total surprised about this offer. Nobody before wanted to pay her for not to pee, for holding her bursting full bladder.

”I would like to earn more money and i would like to enjoy you, but i really can’t, i am needing to wee so bad, i am doing it in my panties, if i can’t go soon.” the girl said and pressed her short skirt between her slim thighs, so that they was nude up to the top.

The man was so aroused, he wanted more of it, he could not get enough and he said “ I think that you can hold it longer if you just want it.

Your girl’s are always good in holding.

Once I had a girl, she could hold her morning pee all day long, sometimes until late at night.

I think you are good in holding too, you are a strong girl, you can endure more and your bladder can endure more, you just have to do it. Hold it!

The guy told her that they would go for a early, fast dinner.

She would be not allowed to go to the loo at the restaurant.

Then he would bring her home to his house and there she should hold it for him so long as she can, or better so long until she can’t no more.

The man did persuade the girl to do it for him and she did agree.

Danjas bladder gets really tortured at the next part of my story.

I hope you like it!?

*004*2020-03-13 22:55

{{22 hours ago, HoldingPrinces said:

Good start for a great story. Please continue

}}

I am glad you like it.

{{On 3/12/2020 at 10:01 AM, Exodiuss said:

Yes, pls continue, good read.

}}

Thank you.

*005*2020-03-17 22:33

{{On 3/13/2020 at 2:39 AM, 27Mape said:

This is really great! Please continue. I'm really curious to know how her bladder can be even more tortured!!

}}

I am glad you like it!

What would be your favorite idea to torture Danja’s bladder?

Don’t let her pee for hours more? Make her drink and hold?

Press and push on her swollen bladder?

Massage her lower abdomen and her overfilled bladder?

Something else? What would you like to do with her?

*007*2020-03-21 14:37

Danja! Part 2

Poor Danja was needing to wee since so many hours and she still had to hold it in.

She forced her full bladder, to stretch more and more .

She was able to do that, because her sphincter was strong and good trained, but it was getting more and more painful for her.

She was willing to torture herself and her bladder, because she did love money.

Whenever they stopped at a traffic light, on the way to the restaurant, she had her legs tight crossed.

She was no more able to hide her strong need to pee. Everybody could see that this girl was needing to wee really bad.

At the restaurant they made a compromise, instead a large glass,just a small glass mineral water and a glass white wine, for Danja.

The girl was sitting opposite of the guy. She had sometimes one hand under the table.

The guy did not exactly know what she was doing under the table .

Did she just press her hand on her “peeneeding “ pussy outside of her panties, or did she have her hand inside her panty, to press with one finger on her pee hole.

He did not know it, but he did know that she was needing sometimes her hand to hold her wee in.

The situation was total exciting for the guy, but he wanted more of it, he wanted to talk with her about her urge and about her full bladder.

He asked her how she was feeling and she told him that she never before was needed to wee so bad, like now .

She told him that it is so painful, to hold it in for so long. She asked him if he would let her go.

The man wanted to „test „ this girl.

He wanted to know and to see how much longer she would be able to hold it.

He wanted to „test „ her bladder!

He wanted to know, how big she could make her bladder.

How much more she could force her bladder to stretch, before she would piss herself.

So he said „No, you don’t go now, i am sure you can hold it longer, hold it for me! It will be not a disadvantage for you.“

“Okay, i‘ll try to be strong, but much more I can’t endure „ answered the girl.

“Is your little panty still dry?” he wanted to know.

”Yes, my panties are still dry, but i am afraid, not for much longer “ answered Danja.

The guy was worried that this girl was really at her limit, so he wanted to bring her home before she would piss herself.

Danja was a good girl, she did drink all the water and all the wine before they did leave.

After he paid the bill, they went out of the restaurant.

They did go past the loo’s and the girl looked to the man, with bleeding eyes and said “ may i ?”

”No, you may not!” he answered.

Unbearable for the girl, she was needing to wee so bad and so painful . Now she was so near to the place, where she could wee her torturing urge away, where she could finally let all that out, what it is so painful for her to hold it in, but she was not allowed to do it!

She had to hold it!

They went to the guy’s car, sometimes they had to stop, to give the girl a opportunity to tense up her muscles, with all her power, to keep the huge amount of urine inside of her.

No wee for Danja!!!

Part 3 is coming soon.

*011*2020-03-24 23:14

Danja! Part 3

It was really difficult for Danja to walk with her bladder that full.

Her body and her legs was stiff, she was bending over and rubbed her knees at every step she made.

As soon as she was sitting in the car, she pushed her skirt between her thighs and pressed her knees hard together.

Danja was needing to wee so bad, she did not even know what to do, but how bad she ever was needing it, she could not go.

She had to hold it in, she could not wet the seat from this guy.

She clenched her hands to fists and sometimes she squeezed her slender, nude thighs, with her hands, very hard.

”Poor thing” though the man and remembered, what this girl beside him, had to endure all day long.

No wee since 5 am, she was made to drink all morning long, a long bus ride with a full bladder, no wee at the final station, champagne, mineral water and wine at dinner, no wee at the restaurant.

This girl must have been full to burst and that exactly was it, what the man wanted.

For the last 20 minutes had Danja her hand on her swollen bladder and massaged it.

She whispered something for her self in her own language.

Not easy for her, to get out from the car without to piss herself, but with one helping hand between her thighs, it was possible.

The “ bladder sadist “ did bring the girl in the living room and started to undress her.

Piece for piece he unveiled her young body.

This young, slim and smooth body was amazing and breath taking.

Danja was naked, except her little panty.

Between the slim thighs, was the fabric of the panties, pressed deep in the girls slit.

It seams she did it, in the restaurant as she had her hand under the table.

Between her pregnant hip bones was her belly swollen from her overfilled bladder.

Her bladder was bulging out from her pubic bone nearly up to her navel.

She was standing in front of him,with her wonderful, slim legs, tightly crossed, her bladder full to burst and asked “why are you doing that to me?”

The guy answered “ your are such a pretty girl, you look so great and you are so sexy, but you are much more sexy, if you need to wee like now and if your belly is swollen and full with hot pee.”

He putted his hand on her bladder and pressed soft on it.

The girl moaned and asked “may i wee now? please let me go! I am needing it so bad.”

” No “ said the man. “Not now!” and carried her in his sleeping room.

No wee for Danja!

*014*2020-03-26 17:13

Danja! Part 4

Danja was lying on the guy’s bed. This super slim, young girl with her tiny panties was so sexy.

She was lying on her back.

Between her pregnant hip bones, could you clearly see the outlines of her swollen bladder.

This thin, nearly nude girl body, with a ball full of urine, what was bulging out of her slim belly, was nearly to much for this man.

He started to stroke Danja‘s smooth skin, all over her tender body.

His hand was gliding over her firm breasts, over her slim thighs,over her belly, but her swollen bladder was like a magnet for his hand.

He could not resist to press on her bladder, to push it and massage it .

The more he was getting aroused, the harder he pressed.

The girl was nearly getting crazy, she was writhe from needing to wee so bad, but he could not stop it, he tortured her bladder more and more.

The fabric of the girls panties was still between her girl slit.

He pushed the fabric to one side, to see her young pussy.

Danja was shaved, her lips was smooth and soft.

The guy opened her slit with one finger and then he pushed first one and then two fingers deep in her pussy.

He could feel her huge, firm bladder with his finger and he pressed with his other hand from outside on the girl’s overfilled bladder.

Danja was trembling from straining her muscles to hold her wee inside.

”That is so much torture what you are doing to me, i can’t stand that any longer. Let me wee, i have been holding it for so long, please let me go“ was the girl begging.

”Oh no, i want let you, You are my big girl, you can endure more.” answered the man.

”How much more and how much longer?” wanted the girl know.

The guy made her a new offer, he told her that she would get a extra bonus if she drink a large glass mineral and hold her wee for him, for 2 more hours.

”I did not wee since 16 hours, i am needing to go since 12 hours and you want to make me drink and hold for 2 more hours !? I will explode if i do that!” she said and smiled.

Danja’s urge to wee was becoming more and more painful for her. Her belly was hurting from needing to wee so bad, but she is used to that after holding it for so long.

She was starting to get aroused from her urge and from this feeling need to go, even it was getting painful.

Maybe she was a little bit maso, without to know it before.

It was extra arousing for her, need to wee, but not being allowed to go.

Then she did discover, that she could earn extra money with her bladder and her ability to hold it for so long.

So she said „Okay, i‘ll do it for you, I drink and hold it!

You did rent me for 3 day‘s, so you are my MASTER and i have to obey!

Danja did drink a large glass mineral at once, pulled her little panty over her slim thighs, so that she was totally naked.

She was laying on her back and butted her hands behind her head , then she said „ take me, i am your‘s, use me how you like to use me.

You say when i am allowed to wee. I will hold it as long until you let me go.

The guy was total surprised about her reaction, but loved this kind of play.

She did give him all opportunities to make her hold and to torture her bladder.

How long can Danja endure that?

How long will she be able to hold it?

No wee for Danja!

*017*2020-04-05 21:29

{{On 3/31/2020 at 1:33 AM, OmoJayce said:

I really love this story! Please continue!

}}

Thank you, i am glad that you like my story.

*018*2020-04-05 21:58

{{On 3/21/2020 at 8:58 PM, 27Mape said:

I like this second part, quite interesting.

Well, I thought about something, not sure if you'd like it. What about that; when they get home, the guy put a plug into Danja's urethra, so she would be able to hold for much longer even if her sphincter starts to lose it's strenght.

}}

Yes, i would like that, but not in reality.

In my imagination i could do that, plug Danja up before go sleeping and make her wait until morning.

Usually i like it more if a girl has a large bladder, a strong sphincter and if she hold it with her will power and her body power, so long as any possible.

The longer the better!

Did you ever plug a girl up?

{{On 3/25/2020 at 1:49 PM, frogger4y said:

Great story!

Would love if Danja must change into really tight jeans

}}

Thank you, i am glad you like it.

{{On 3/25/2020 at 5:43 AM, ashishgamer said:

So hot! Can't wait for the next part

}}

Thank you, i am glad you like it.

*019*2020-04-05 22:05

{{On 3/21/2020 at 10:40 PM, MrPiggy said:

Keep on not letting her pee. press on her bladder, help her keep holding and time it.

If she leaks, plug her up and make her drink more liquid.

Also maybe dress her up in something tight, uncomfortable, and restricting while she holds.

Edit: example can be panties that are way too small, corsets, and tight short dresses matched with pantyhose.

}}

Yes, i like that, make her drink, not letting her pee and press on her bladder.

Did you ever plug a girl up?

*020*2020-04-08 12:10

Danja! Part 5

Poor Danja was needing to wee so bad, she never needed it more in her life, than at this moment.

She was needing to go since this morning.

Her bladder was full at the bus ride. No weeing for her at the final station.

She was needing to wee so bad, that she was afraid to do it in her panties, at the champagne kiosk.

She was not allowed to go to the loo at the restaurant.

She was needing to wee since so many hours and she is still holding it.

Danja did not know that she is able to hold it for so long, after she was needing to go since morning.

She did not know that her bladder can get so big and that she can endure so much pressure.

Her bladder was full before she went to the bus and now it must have stretched to double size from full,or bigger.

Danja did never feel such a strong urge to wee, she did not know how painful that can get, need to wee but don’t go for so long.

She did not know how her bladder can hurt if it is overfilled and if it gets forced to stretch more and more and she did not know that this kind of pain can be arousing.

More and more she was getting excited from this situation , needing to wee so bad but not being allowed to go, to be forced to hold it for so long.

It was arousing lying in the bed with a good looking guy and gets tortured from him.

For the guy was it like heaven, to be in bed with a young, slim girl who was needing to wee like crazy.

He strokes the inside of the girls smooth thighs, he glided up between her thighs, did apart with his finger, the lips of her young girl slit and pushed his finger deep in to the pussy from the desperate girl.

The girl was getting more and more aroused. She turned around so that she was lying on her side. She pressed her bulging bladder against the hip bone from the guy, to make her need strong and painfuller.

“I am needing to wee so bad, my bladder is about to burst „ she whispered and was rubbing her swollen belly on the hip from the guy.

He turned the girl on her back and massaged her swollen bladder.

Danja‘s bladder was not really hard, it was more like a hard softball.

If he was pressing on it, he could make a dent in her bladder.

He could not get enough from the girls bladder, he pressed harder and harder on it, like if he wanted to push her bladder back in her slim belly. Unbelievable how much pressure the girl could endure without to leak not even one drop of wee

It seems that she had a valve in her urethra .

All that water what she did drink some minutes before, was now on the way to her bladder and would stretch her bladder more .

How much more is her bladder able to stretch, how much bigger can her bladder get?

The man could see her belly swelling and her bladder growing. He could feel how it geht’s harder and harder.

Danja was made to drink all day and they did not let her wee only one time, all this long time.

16 hours since her last pee. All the water that she had to drink about one hour ago, filled her bladder to the bursting point.

She was frantic to let it out, she was frantic to wee!

”I can’t anymore, I have to go now, sorry, but i must piss now “ Danja said.

”Oh no, you won’t go!

You are a big girl, you can hold it! That‘s why girls have a bladder, to hold their wee if it is necessary and now it is necessary.

A girl’s wee should be in a girl,s bladder and not in the loo ,also keep it in!“ said the man.

“I can’t! I’ll wet your bed if you don’t let me go. Please let me pee.“ was the young girl begging.

“ You was needing to wee since this morning and you are still holding it!

You told me at the kiosk, that you would do it in your panties, if i don’t bring you to a loo and you are still holding it.

I think, you don’t know what it means need to pee! So really, really urgently.

You have to hold like a good girl should hold it, for so long as you know how it feels needing to wee.

No wee for you, you can endure more, make your bladder really, really big for me.“ said that guy and is sliding with his hand over Danja’s swollen belly.

He did let her calm down for a few minutes and then he started again to torture the girls bladder.

Danja was lying on her back, he did hold her hands with his hands beside her head, pressed it down on the mattress, so that she nearly could not move.

Then he was laying with his body on the slim body from this girl.

Body to body and belly to belly. His big hard cock was between their bellies and pressed hard on Danja’s bulging bladder.

Her urge and her need to wee, was nearly not to endure for the girl.

She wanted to shake him up from her body, to escape from this torture, but he was to strong and to heavy. He was lying with all his weight on Danja’s poor bladder.

He did take Danja’s legs up to her head and pushed his cock deep in her shaved pussy.

He fucked her first soft and tender and then harder and harder.

The girl was nearly crazy from needing to wee so bad.

Her bladder was getting pressed from inside and from outside at the same time, it was torture pure for her and for her bladder.

Since today , she could not even imagine, that it is possible to need to pee so bad, to hold so much wee, under so much pressure in the bladder.

She could not even imagine how painful pee holding can get and she could not imagine that it can be arousing too, but that what she had to endure now, was to much for her and for any girls.

The guy was getting so horny, he could not get enough from this girl and from her mega bladder.

He fucked her like crazy and pressed with one hand on her swollen belly.

The girl was trembling and shaking from needing to wee so bad.

She did need all all her power, to keep the urine from all day inside her.

As soon as the guy was „ready „ Danja turned on her side, pulled her knees up to her chin and pressed one finger against her peephole.

“It’s coming out! Please bring me to the loo „ she was begging.

The man could see that Danja was over her limit, she could not even move, not at all she could go to the loo without to piss herself.

He did bring her a measuring jug from the kitchen.

With one hand between her thighs and with one finger pressed on her peephole, she was getting out of the bed.

She did try to open her tightly crossed legs to put the jug below her young pussy, to be able to do what she is needing to do for so many hours, to be able to take finally a much needed piss.

But before she had the jug in the right position, she started leaking .

The hot girl wee was running down inside of her nude thighs, down on her slender legs.

Then she pissed with high pressure in the jug.

She could not stop. It was unbelievable for the guy, that this thin girl, could hold so much wee in her slim belly.

There were 1.300 ml hot wee in the jug.

He putted the jug , full with the girls, hot, good smelling urine, on the table.

It was so arousing for him to see it and to imagine, that the girl did all that amount hold in her bladder.

Can she hold more, next time?

They did spend a fantastic weekend together.

Not many wee’s for Danja.

The guy was so fascinated from that girl, that he did rent her for 2 week,s for a holiday at the see.

Poor bladder from Danja!!!

Maybe some of you know my story „pay with your bladder „ that was total the opposite .

Mira did pay the journey with her bladder. Not to pee for 24 hours was her payment

Danja did get payed for her full bladder.

On the other hand is it the same, both girls had to hold a bursting full bladder for hours!

I hope you did like my story!?

*022*2020-04-18 21:20

{{On 4/11/2020 at 5:10 AM, HoldingPrinces said:

Good story. Like it

}}

Thank you, i am glad that you like it.

*023*2021-03-21 12:50

Some of you wrote that Danja’s bladder should get plugged up when she can’t hold it anymore.

Did someone of you do that with a girl?

Has someone imaginations about that?

