Girls made to hold!

Author: huberp76

*000*2021-09-27 21:09

Two friends had the same lust, they loved to see girls desperate to pee and they loved to make them desperate.

They used every chance to make girls hold their wee until they got frantic. They arranged situations where girls had no opportunities to go to the toilet, where girls could not wee for extreme long time.

Once the boys went to a pop concert. They had to go for about one hour by car to another city.

There were two girls, not their girlfriends, just two girls they did know from the school, they wanted to see that concert too and so they asked if they could go with the boys.

The boys were happy about it, because pop concerts were always good opportunities to see girls desperate, maybe they would have a chance to make their two passengers desperate.

This idea was very exciting for the boys, not at last because the girls were pretty.

On the special day, they met late afternoon and went to the event.

When they arrived at the stadium, the boys invited the girls for a long drink, they did know that would be good for to fill the girls bladders and make them need to wee.

At the break, they did the same again.

The girls did not wee since they left their home, about 5 hours ago and it seemed that they had to go. They whispered something at each other’s ear and they looked around, as they were searching for something.

For the boys it was clearly that the girls were needing to wee, but for some reason they did not go.

More then one hour later, after the ending of this event, they went back to the parking lot.

One of the girls said “I need necessarily a loo before we leave, i am short before to burst.”

”I think that will be not a good idea, look at the line in front of the ladies.We boys would need to piss pretty bad too, but i think we are all old enough to wait until at home.“

What girl would say that she is not able to hold her wee just for one hour , if she is together with two boys?

Nobody did talk about it, that the girl did not wee since hours, that they are needing to go since hours and that they did drink a lot during that time.

They did only talk about to wait for one hour.

„It would be really needful, but i think i can wait until at home.“ answered one of the girls.

The other one, was more shy and said nothing and walked in silence to the car.

The boys did not piss too, but they had strong bladders and they did like the feeling from a full bladder, especially if they are with girls who need to wee.

They did not go to the toilet in the break, because they would not incite the girls to go.

The fellow passenger drank one large beer more and was feeling a strong urge, at the way home.

”Can you stop somewhere, it’s getting really bad now.”he said to the driver. Sure he stopped and sure he stopped somewhere, where the girls could not go.

The boys did get out and both pissed beside the car.

”That is absolutely unfair, i was needing to wee so bad as we were leaving and you did not let me go, you made me hold and told me that we would be old enough to wait until at home. Now you two simply piss on the road, that is really bad what you are doing to us girls.” she said.

”I can’t either wait any longer, my bladder is full to explode and it hurts like hell.” she said and was getting out of the car, pulled her panties down over her knees and started to piss full force.

Then she asked the other girl if she would not like to do the same, because she was also bursting at the leaving time.

She said that she would need it badly , but i can not do it.

It was absolutely great for the boys, they saw one girl squatting with her panties down on her knees and pissing with high pressure and loud hissing sound and the other girl was sitting desperate in the car.

A half an hour to watch the poor girl holding it, was not enough for the boys. 10 minutes later they stopped at a kiosk for a little snack.

“Why do you stop here if you know know that she is needing to wee so bad?” asked the girl.

”Because we are hungry and we know that you girls are good in pee holding and we think that she will be able to wait a little longer.”answered the boy.

”Why do you boys always think that we girls are good in holding? We are needing to wee just as boys do, but we sometimes we can’t go for a long time, we are forced to hold it, because we have no opportunity, no chance to go and then we have to be good, but it is not easy to hold a full bladder for hours.” said the girl.

They ordered something to eat and to drink. The shy girl was standing with tight crossed legs and the other girl said to the boys “look at her, she can’t even stand straight anymore, you did know very well how bad she is needing to pee and you did stop here, just to torture her, just to see her suffer.”

”Sorry, we really don’t want to torture you.” said one boys, to the shy girl and asked her if she would not like to drink a large mineral and smiled.

”It’s no more funny! It hurts so much!” said the poor girl.

They did like to see her fight to keep her panties dry, all the way home.

Some weeks later, when they talked with the girls about this event, they did not talk about the group’s who were playing, they did only talk about the girls the frantic need to wee.

*002*2021-10-03 13:18

Thank you, i am glad you like it!

