A Date - Day Trip!

Author: huberp76

*000*2023-02-13 21:20

A boy was with his date on the way back home from a day trip.

It was their first time that they spent an entire day together.

It was late afternoon and boy noticed that the girl has not been at the toilet since they met early in the morning.

He noticed that because he loves it if girls don’t use a toilet for long periods of time, he gets aroused from knowing that girls putting off to pee and hold a full bladder for a long time.

They still had to go more than 2 hours until at home and they planned to stop for a little dinner anywhere at motorway rest stop so that they would not have been at home before 3 hours.

The boy wanted not really stop anywhere because he did not want to give the girl a opportunity to go to the toilet.

No wee all day and to know that her bladder must be very full after holding it for so long, was a great turn on for the boy for the rest of the journey, but after a while the girl said “I need to pee really bad and very urgently.”

It was like music for his ears and for his little friend between his thighs, which was getting hard at the moment.

He did not even think about to let her wee very soon, but he had to ask just to keep up appearances for solicitousness and that for he asked “ should i stop somewhere?”

”Oh no, It is not necessary, it would be really urgently, but i can hold it back.” answered the girl.

That was more music for his ears and more hardness for his dick.

A little later she said “ can we soon stop somewhere, i am already really hungry.”

The boy supposed that her need to wee was stronger than her hunger and therefore he did not stop at the first and not at the second rest stop, because he wanted to make her hold it longer, her urge should get worse and her bladder should become fuller, but as the girl asked again after they passed the second opportunity, he had to stop.

The boy was surprised that the girls first way was not the way to the toilet.

They went inside, ordered some drinks and some food, they had a good meal and did leave without to visit the toilet.

Longer than one hour ago the girl told him that she is needing to wee so bad and so urgently and now she did not go.

The boy was happy and horny about that.

Not even a half an hour later the girl said “ I hate the rest stop toilets, but i should have used one. My bladder is already big and hard as a soccer ball, it’s nearly up to my navel.”

”Oh you poor.” said the boy with a kind of satisfaction and horniness, but did no more offer to stop for to let her pee.

15 minutes later she asked silently and shy “how much longer?”

”It is dependent from the traffic, but i think about one hour. Is it that bad?” asked the boy.

”Oh yes it is, it is more than bad.” answered the girl and pressed both hands between her thighs.

”You are such a sexy girl, but you get much more sexy for me if you need to wee so bad!

You can’t imagine how much you turned me on over the day with your pee holding performance and with your actual big, overfilled bladder in your belly.

I hope you don’t even think that i will let you piss at home before i fucked you all night long, your bladder has to pay for my horniness !!” said the boy

