Laura's Threshold

Author: HissGenerator

*000*2023-04-15 04:42

Laura’s Threshold

Laura dashed to the bathroom, painfully stubbing her toe into the threshold door-sill. A brief spurt squirts into her lacy-pink knickers, her hands confused whether to console her left foot or smush them into her dark-blue shorts. Her teeth hiss while she bursts with sudden anger. Her closed lips purse its moan and convince her eyes to wince, and nose to scrunch to the left: tears well under her eyes from the hurt and embarrassment. Laura’s leak is immediately hand-cuffed, but the officer in the waist of her shorts violently throws her swollen belly against the hood of his cruiser.

Though he hears her whimpering legs knock and her teeth trying to hide her moans, the tight waist of her shorts relishes in the fact that she nervously struggles to hold back the liquid, just accidentally given momentary freedom to spray wildly, biting its way out her insides. Too far gone in the intensity, on the very verge of collapse, Laura mind is anywhere but on opening the door to the bathroom. She’s stuck, frozen even, afraid that the slightest move would break the leash tied by a single fibrous thread, and setting the beast to run freely into her shorts and drown her shaking legs.

Impatient, she goes for her foot, her bladder – halfway bulging beneath the waistband of the jean-shorts and half tender-red hanging over, protruding between her shorts and cream-beige top – squeezed like a pimple between her lower torso and pelvis. Nearly squating, her knickers again fill with a shot of strong liquor, seeping past the recently saturated pores of its fabric, and her shorts drink up. She feels the burn and warmth as it absorbs and spreads the yellow heat up the front rise, toward the lower end of its fly, which quickly cools and brisk drops gently tip-toe through the suffocating fabric down her upper inseams.

Her shoulders subtly shiver to the mid-back, her body slightly intoxicated by the cocktail of climbing heat inside the fabric, paralleled by the cool drops caressing down her inner inseams. It felt like she ran a hot thermostat along the breadth between her legs; cool air rushing in to neutralize the heat tickling her fair upper thighs, when the thermostat was removed. Her hands forget the pain in her foot and her fingers shoot up to her crotch; it’s palms feel the ovular-spread that’s crept to the front chin of her shorts.

She presses three fingers hard into the wet patch, feeling the muscles beneath twitching while they anxiously clench back the heat driven downward, desperately crying to come out! As if someone angrily banging behind a door, the other side winces at its shaking and the possibility it might fling wide open violently from the hinges. Laura looks up, her neck craning, and throws her hand to the doorknob, finally regaining some semblance of clarity and purpose. Simultaneously, the shower runs loudly behind the door and muffled music echoes slightly as it plays. Her eyes widened with dreadful despair and a succession of feelings, crying: “Occupied?! N-No.. p-please.. I-I.. c-can’--Hnn!..”, as the realization interrupts her bladder;

“MnnnnNN–UHhh!..”, a building urge comes rushing harder; “Huh.. huh.. huh..”, she huffs quickly as she regains what little composure; “Fuck, fuck, fuck..”, she whispers to herself as she glances below, transfixed. Tears well stronger out her eye-corners, her clench began to fatigue and give way beneath restless fingers and her breathless breast (it was almost as if a part of her realized her predicament and accepted a clear loss); a few droplets dribble past her friction-burning hold under the gaze of her eyes: tingly slipping and briskly spilling down the thin pipe inside her, dragging down just before her opening, to meet her wracking, molesting hand; squating, weakness rushing inside break her knees and they painfully crash into the floor at the threshold before the door. She sits on her calves hunched over, moaning and convulsing her torso on the very brink.

Laura tries to breathe but the tingling wave is too strong she forgets how, her lungs stifle the air as her back arches, then hunches, then arches, in alternation. Her face is red and cheeks gleaming in nervous sweat. Her face is covered in frazzled hair, the front bangs framing her face and tendrils falling into her corner-parted lips. She quickly readjusts her seat, impaling her left heel into the spout barely hanging on for dear life. She hunches forward, her belly convulsing erratically while air struggles to enter her body, and anchors her torso against the white rough-marble flooring, both sweaty palms sliding against, though the texture coarse.

She holds her breath in, the veins in her necks popping out as the bolt in hinges pop out of place: the door is shaken loose, about to fly open! Her eyes fill with desperate tears and her lips frown to the jawline. She begins to whimper at the end of her rope. The bolt of one of the hinges breaks loose, flying into the air: her spout is on fire and she feels like she’s going to faint from all of the blood rushing to her head. Her mind is so utterly overstimulated by unwavering tingling it tires and immediately tells that she’s going to let go any moment, whether she likes it or not!

She arches her back one last time and throws her hands in pulling upwards as hard as she can, until her shoulders hide away her neck, impaled with intense tension. She is unmoved, contorted and flexed in the most revolting fashion, before suddenly falling and limping back into her heel slumped and neck lolling back into her upper spine. It’s as if something died in her, as if all the power just sucked right out of her, a complete 180. Her jaw breaks wide open, her squeezed-shut eyes relax and slightly open with defeat, slowly looking up at the ceiling knowing this is the end, this is where she is going to urinate onto the floor like a little girl.

She can’t go any further.. the heat immediately gushes forward without delay or pause, and moans come out as hiccupping, her shy and embarrassing lungs refusing to do their job properly. Her upward-thrusting palms are met with intense heat: its pulling shoulders numbed to slump and hands quickly lulled to limp, they fall splashing into the yellow tsunami gushes out between her inner thighs. And her heel: squelching steamy liquid hissing irrupting into her butt and glistening up the back rise, a hot narrow glistening slithering profuse trickling down its sole and seeping between the toes.

Her pee escapes so quickly it pools up the front rise of her shorts, glossy glistening light blinding any observer as to where the fly begins, already soaking the entire front face and stifled cuffs navigating the front of her thighs. Hot yellow violently rushes and gushes out of her inner thigh cuffs, streamlining against the fair walls of her parted thighs and slithering down around to the back of them, pooling the cleavage between thighs seated on her calves. She slides her hot heel and soaked calves to the sideline, her fiery flooded crotch splashes and now spits her hotness directly into the pooled marble floor below. Her soaked stifled butt planted onto the cool-ish flooding floor and squelches from forced liquid displacement.

She vibrates inside the explosive pool urinating her butt and inner thighs. She fully relaxes and farts, sounding bubbles, burbles, and garbles out from beneath. Her neck and throat twitch then shiver and her breathing slows to prolonged “Phews”. Moans no longer hiccup and sing with clarity. Goosebumps irradiating out of her spout and rushing out of inner thighs to her knees, like a swarm of moths scattered outward by a hot torch. She clenches once involuntarily, the twitch halting her vibrating spray into the floor for a mere second and resumes, her lips contracting out of the ecstatic relief overwhelming her. Her torso twists with twitches and breasts violently shiver!

The bathroom door opens.

But so thoroughly lost in her relief, she continues deaf for twenty more seconds, her eyes now closed: thinking about nothing, remembering nothing, rationalizing nothing, basking in the dwindling heat spilling out beneath her. Unbeknownst, a pair of shocked eyes and parted lips gaze upon her accident. A dark yellow contrast slowly circling her seating, breaking the round circumference as a tail-end by her left heel, which had met with the most rain during her downpour, creates her own personal moat of relieving pleasure.

“Babe?! Oh my–what have you done!”

Laura’s eyes fling wide open!..

