Biggest Bladder in the City

Author: holditin

*000*2016-04-02 08:33

Hi everyone, sorry for the long time away. Here is another story! I hope everyone likes it.

It's also on Amazon Kindle here - http://www.amazon.com/Biggest-Bladder-City-Holditin-ebook/dp/B01DPW3Z74?ie=UTF8&*Version*=1&*entries*=0

And the rest of my stuff is on Kindle here - http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss_1?url=search-alias%3Ddigital-text&field-keywords=holditin

Without further ado, here's Biggest Bladder in the City!

I was on a date with my beautiful girlfriend Jaiya at the movies when we saw another couple in line for food. The cashier handed the girl an extra large drink and promptly her boyfriend made some comment, “Well Prahi, seems you will need to visit the loo before the movie even ends!” The girl looked back at him and laughed, “Oh, I know you’re joking Hans. We both know you’re going out with the girl with the biggest bladder in all the city!” Seeing a good opportunity, I instantly began needling Jaiya, “So, seems you’ve got some competition, huh? When was it you last relieved your tank again?” Jaiya stared at the other couple with annoyance for a few seconds longer before answering, “I let it out this morning at 6. You know a morning pee is all I need, honey!”

My girl was also clutching an extra large soda, and I pointed out that she seemed to be on even terms with Prahi. “Pfft! I’ll bet that cow already had a piss with her lunch just a couple hours ago! Whatever, I won’t even look at a sign for toilets until I see her go!” Jaiya’s pride was quick to make its presence felt, even though it was now 3 pm – 9 hours since Jaiya’s strong bladder had gotten a relief. I knew she was serious about her self-imposed challenge and was looking forward to the show! It was not often that Jaiya pushed herself so hard as to actually get desperate, so I was hoping that Prahi was not bluffing to her man.

We entered our theater, the same as Prahi and Hans by luck, and Jaiya started sucking down her soda before the previews even began. Prahi was doing the same a few rows down, which all but encouraged Jaiya to drink with more haste. The movie wasn’t 15 minutes old when Jaiya put down her cup for the final time. “Done. All in, none coming out.” Jaiya said simply. Prahi was still working on her drink, we saw, but seemed no worse for wear from it. Another hour passed and Jaiya nudged me, “Can I have a sip of your drink?”

My large bottle of water was only a quarter gone, but I knew Jaiya was playing a dangerous game with already so much liquid inside. “Are you sure you can handle it?” I pressed her, pushing the drink to her hand. Jaiya lifted her shirt briefly to let me see the big bulge of her bladder, “Hah! See, I’m already handling quite a lot without complaint. Besides, I’m so thirsty, and a girl shouldn’t change her drinking habits just to soothe her aching bladder.” Before I could protest, Jaiya had downed half of my water. She handed me the cup, shivered, and was still.

By 5:30 the movie had come to an end. Prahi hadn’t left her seat and neither had Jaiya, and both girls had clearly drunk an enormous amount of fluids. I knew my girl could hold longer, but it was clear she was hoping Prahi would end this hold and use the bathrooms after the movie. I looked close and saw Prahi was definitely standing and walking with her legs close, and her abdomen was jutting out, but she didn’t stop at the women’s room for a relief. Nonplussed, Jaiya also passed up an opportunity to use the restroom, though I could see her bladder was bulging painfully now with near 12 hours of built up pee!

Hans and Prahi went next to the mall right by the theater, so of course we followed. We tried not to be obvious, but we had to see that Prahi was not sneaking off to pee. They stopped at a food vendor and Prahi picked up another drink, so of course Jaiya stopped right after to get a bottle of tea. This tea wreaked havoc on her bladder on the best day, but she wanted to show she was the strongest and could outhold Prahi even with disadvantages. Both girls finished their drinks quickly, and Prahi and Hans went to the clothes section for Prahi to try on lots of tiny outfits. We kept our distance, but Jaiya did the same thing. Time passed and finally it was 8 pm. Now Jaiya was majorly annoyed. I could tell she had to take a piss…bad. But her pride was refusing to let her, even with a bladder now exploding outwards from her belly due to the tea. Prahi had been pee dancing for an hour but still made no move for the toilets, which were right next to the changing rooms.

Then, just as Jaiya entered the changing rooms again to try on a pair of low yoga pants, I saw Prahi dart out and into the bathroom. She came out a couple minutes later looking relieved as ever, and I saw her bladder bulge was gone completely. So it was a lie! She didn’t have the biggest bladder in the city by far! Just then Jaiya came out, and I made a fun decision. Jaiya was stamping her feet around and was fidgety, clear signs that her bladder was causing her lots of trouble, so I pointed to Prahi and said, “Look, Jaiya, after all this time she has stopped her pee dancing and is standing and talking normally. Face it; her bladder is just too strong for you.” Jaiya was too distracted by her mammoth stretched bladder to notice Prahi’s flat abdomen, and gritted her teeth responding, “She will break soon, and I will not at all. It is still hours I can last, even as full as I am. I’ve trained myself to ignore such urges for relief.”

I pushed the issue, “Is that so? Seems to me you cannot even stand straight up and relax like a lady should. You should go and pee to keep yourself comfortable.” Jaiya’s eyes burned at me as she said, “That is ridiculous. I am comfortable enough just like this and do not need to let this pressure out to act normally. After all, it has been only 14 hours and I am used to lasting much longer than this at a stretch.” The words were music to my ears! Jaiya made a point to unbend her knees and keep her legs apart, though she was absolutely sweating with the effort to remain normal and unbothered!

Finally at 10 pm the mall was closing, and Jaiya had to concede that we would not see Prahi use the toilet before having to retire for the night. We passed Prahi and Hans on our way to our car and by chance overheard them talking about meeting for a bus tour the following morning. Jaiya knew the location of the bus tour and her eyes lit up. “Probably Prahi is one of those girls who doesn’t even take a before bed pee or a morning pee when she wakes! She’ll still be full when she sets foot on the bus tomorrow.

If I just hold until the bus trip, I know I can beat her still!” I knew Jaiya’s bladder capacity was ridiculous, but this was something else! “Jaiya, try to understand, you will be going on the bus with a 24 hour bladder! It is impossible. You will wet yourself without a doubt.” I told her sternly. But she was resolute, “Don’t be stupid. I will take a pill to fall right asleep tonight, and you know me. After my morning urge to pee out the flood, it dies down for a while. It won’t be a problem to reach at least 30 hours.” I could only nod as we drove back to her house.

Amazingly, the night happened just as Jaiya predicted. She fidgeted rather madly when exiting the car and entering her own apartment, but quickly took her sleeping pill, pulled me into bed with her, and fell asleep without a toilet trip. I could feel her massive tankard of a bladder in her abdomen as she slept, piss swirling inside and boiling to get out.

The next morning we got up and Jaiya was beside herself with desperation. Her morning piss pressure was almost too much for her, already having been denied since the previous morning. Only her determination to upstage Prahi kept her from rushing to the loo. Instead she gripped the sides of the bed and sweat with effort. I still neglected to tell her about Prahi’s pee at the mall, nor the good possibility that she had taken a morning pee today already. Jaiya made us stop on the way to the bus stop to grab a coffee, even though I told her that would surely bust her 24 hour bladder. “I told you it could reach 30 comfortably, and I’m not going to cut down on my drinking even a little. That shows weakness to Prahi, and I am too strong and too much of a lady for that!” Jaiya responded.

We reached the bus stop just in time. I saw Prahi and Hans stepping on, and again Prahi’s abdomen was flat as a board, so she had taken her morning pee! But Jaiya saw nothing, as she was parking the car and finishing her coffee. We made it onto the bus with seconds before it left, and took a seat a few back from Hans and Prahi. Hans handed Prahi a bottle of water as the bus left, so instantly Jaiya pulled her own from her bag.

“Are you crazy?? You don’t need to match her drinking that. You’ve already had a coffee!” I said to my girl. I didn’t want her to wet on the bus seat, after all! Jaiya looked at me fiercely, “Does she look like a girl who would not have a coffee in the morning?? Of course not, don’t be dumb! If she has that water and I don’t, she is ahead of me. I will go drink for drink with her. I can take it!” Jaiya began sipping, but I noticed her legs were crossed tight enough to press a diamond. She was having real problems holding her pee, but wouldn’t admit to such a thing.

We continued the ride and the bus stopped at 9 am for a rest stop. Hans and Prahi were some of the only passengers who didn’t get off to have a relief, as the bus had no bathroom, and indeed Prahi was the only girl who did not exit, besides my Jaiya of course! 27 hours had passed since Jaiya had pissed, but she had told me multiple times that she was good for 30, so I this time did not question it. Prahi pulled out another bottle of water as the bus departed again, and Jaiya nearly choked getting her own second bottle down as well. I’d never seen her bladder so round and firm before, and I knew it was taking every ounce of her willpower not to hold her own crotch with both hands. Instead she simply gripped the sides of her dress and moaned.

The next rest stop came at noon, and now Jaiya had hit her self-proclaimed limit of 30 hours of holding. “That bitch has been holding for 24 hours now, of course she will have to run off and pee!” Jaiya said triumphantly. But of course the truth was Prahi had only 6 hours separating her from her last pee, and while she was no bladder queen it was clear she had a large tank, so she made no move to get up from her seat. Jaiya’s spirit nearly broke when she realized Prahi was not availing herself to the toilets. “That bitch! How can she expect me to hold normally after 30 hours?!? It is so hard to keep in now!” she moaned to me. “You could just go and end the torture,” I told her, but Jaiya shook her head. “I won’t let her humiliate me like that. I’ll just have to keep my sphincter dammed up as long as it takes. Gosh I have to pee so bad!”

The ride continued with Jaiya doing everything possible to keep control of her quivering bladder. It was bulged out to obscene proportions now, and she confided softly in me that she would not be able to stay in command of her twitching sphincter much longer. “You are strong! Don’t let her beat you!” I egged her on, and Jaiya nodded and resumed holding with double crossed legs and a hand tightly gripping her pussy. We hit some bumpy roads and I was sure that it would make Jaiya lose control, but she pressed it shut and kept it in valiantly.

At 4 pm we took the final rest stop. There was no doubt that Jaiya would have to use it after 34 hours without. “My bladder feels like a lead weight in my abdomen with all the piss it is containing! I have never been this full, I am sure!” she told me between hasty breaths. And even still, she would not get up if Prahi didn’t. Prahi, I’d noticed, had been sitting with her legs closer together as of late, and after all it had been 10 hours since she’d taken a pee break, but I didn’t really expect her to need it. But I saw Hans asked her to accompany him, and after a slight debate she shrugged and nodded. Jaiya nearly screamed with relief just at that, and she bolted up from her seat after Prahi. I followed and watched as Prahi walked normally into the women’s bathrooms at the rest stop, followed by Jaiya, who was hobbling along for all she was worth, clutching desperately at her pussy beneath her flowing dress, trying to make sure that not even one drop escaped her aching abdomen early.

Two minutes later Prahi was out of the women’s room, and it was a further two minutes before Jaiya was out. She finally looked calm and proper again, though we had to hurry not to miss the bus, such was the length of her pent up piss! When we were seated, Jaiya looked at my strangely and told her tale, “It was odd. I went into the stall more desperate than I have ever been in my life. I was sure Prahi would have a 30 hour gusher to let go of as well, so I held and held to make sure she went first, even once we were in our stalls.

When I heard her stream hit the water, I let mine go, and I couldn’t even hear hers over the splashing I was making for a good minute. You should have seen the pressure my piss was leaving with! It really did want to get out of there! Then I slowed my stream and heard that she was already trickling dry, and once she left I started spraying like crazy again. It was definitely a two liter pee! Probably more! But hers….hers couldn’t have been more than one liter at maximum. I don’t understand….she didn’t go for so long! We watched her!”

It was then that I finally gave up the ruse, “Jaiya, I must admit I lied to you. I saw her go at the mall yesterday, and she had no bulge in her bladder region this morning, so I believe she had taken a morning pee as well. But I have never seen you in such a state! You are so good at holding it in your bladder that I wanted to see how far you would go!” Jaiya first looked angry, then smiled, “You know, I do have a bladder of steel! I guess that means that even I outheld the biggest bladder in the city three times over! That’s quite an accomplishment, even for someone with iron control like me!”

“That’s right! But I hope this isn’t the last time you show me that iron control! I want to see your bladder bulge and strain regularly!” I told her. “Don’t worry, honey! That’s my special talent!” Jaiya said as the bus pulled away.

