Deal 2

Author: huberp76

*000*2021-03-30 13:24

A boy invited a girl for a day trip to a city, about 2 hours away from their home down.

As they walked around, they saw a poster for a horse event and the girl asked if they could go there to watch it, she would love it.

The boy said that he would not like horses and that he don’t want to go there.

The girl was a little pit disappointed and did not talk anymore about it.

At the little Italian restaurant, where they had lunch, the girl said again that she would love to see the horses and the boy told her again that he would not like to go there.

The girl was sad about that and excused her for the toilet.

The boy stopped her and said “if you don’t go to the loo, than we go to this event.”

The girl was surprised about that unusual offer and said that she would love to go there, but she would need to wee before.

The boy said “I know that you would need to wee and i love it, but i would love it much more if you don’t go, if you hold it back.”

The girl did not know why she should do that, but she wanted to see this event and so she asked “ how long do i have to hold it?”

”Until we are at home.” the boy answered.

”I don’t think that i can endure that for so long.” the girl said a little bit worried.

“Sure you can! You are a big, strong girl. It’s up to you, how long we stay.” the boy replied.

”Okay, i’ll do it.” said the girl and did sit down.

A while later, they did leave the restaurant, the boy did pee, but the girl did not use the loo before.

Her urge was pretty strong, because she did not wee since she left her home early in the morning.

They had two hours for sightseeing, before the event was started.

2 hours on the streets, where her bladder was getting fuller and where her urge was getting stronger.

The boy did buy the tickets and something to drink. The girl should not suffer thirst, the only thing what should suffer, was the girl’s bladder.

The event did last a little bit longer than three hours.

The girl did use all her power to hold her urine in her body, she was needing to wee so bad, but she wanted to stay until the end, she did not wanted to leave before it was over and her bladder did get punished for that.

The boy did not like horses, but he did like it, that the girl beside him was bursting to pee!

He did like to know that she did not wee since early morning and that she would need to go since hours.

At the end of the show, the girl did stand up, crossed her legs, was bending over and said that she can’t any longer, she MUST wee now.

”That is not our deal, our deal is that you have to hold it until we are at home.” the boy said.

”Maybe that for you the fun is over, but for me it is not over, i love it that you need to wee so bad and i love it, if you hold it. You can’t even imagine how sexy you are if you are needing to go like that.” the boy said.

”Let me wee, i am needing it so bad, let me go.” she was begging.

”A deal is a deal! You have to hold it!” the boy said and did take her by her hand, to lead her to the car.

The girl was sitting beside him, her hands between her thighs and her thighs, tight crossed over her hands.

Her skirt was pushed up to her hips so that her thighs were nude to the top and her panties were visible.

”For me you are the sexiest girl in the world” he said and was rubbing her thighs and was feeling with his hand if her little panties were still dry.

More than two hours later at home, the girl could not even stand straight from needing to wee so bad, her legs were crossed and knotted, but the boy did still not let her go.

The girl should have been rewarded for holding it for so long and for to get her bladder tortured so much, he wanted to do that with a good sex.

Of course, no wee for the girl before, her bladder had to stay overfilled!

This was the first full bladder (bursting bladder) sex for the girl, but not her last, because she did absolutely love it!!!

*002*2021-04-08 22:27

{{On 3/31/2021 at 2:38 PM, Pain said:

I love your imagination. Great work.

}}

Thank you for your compliment, i am glad that you like my story.

To spend time with a girl and to know that she is needing to wee since hours, is always a great turn on for me.

