No relief for a boy's bursting bladder!

Author: huberp76

*000*2019-08-27 15:44

Clarification regarding discrimination about my last post!

Dear friends!

Last week I was wrongly assumed in this forum that I copied the story "No relief for a boy's bursting bladder" of a foreign author and published here under my name. This is absolutely a lie and completely wrong! This does not match my character nor it is my attitude.

I have published already this particular story under my same name (huberp76) on the website "EP" (Experience Project) on the January, 9th 2013! I also have archived stories on "Similarworlds" which you can find there too. For former "EP" users there are people who know me for a long time and maybe some still remember me.

I am strongly disappointed by the behavior and surprised that some people wrongly condemn someone, in this case myself, without giving him the right to clarify anything and receiving for this unfairly negative points. I find this approach sad and disappointing, and am surprised that this can happen in this forum which I like and appreciate very much.

Sincerely,

Your Peter

*002*2019-08-27 19:32

{{1 hour ago, jt101 said:

Dear Moderators,

As a former user on the EP website, I can attest to the veracity of huberp76 claims. A similarly titled story was posted by the same user on that website. As I am not a fan of gay stories, I didn't save those for my own perusal. Huberp76 stories, even then, featured an odd grammatical syntax andnarrative style, which are peculiar to him. It was once explained in that website that English was not his first language (German wasn't it, I believe) and thus the stilted appearances of his stories. I do have his other stories from the EP website, and insofar, all his stories featured here (not just the one titled above) have been written in a style similar to those authored in EP.

Unfortunately, as the EP pages were not archived on the Wayback Machine (the EP site's policy, don't ask why...), there is no way of proving with links to those stories of the claims I made above. I will however, provide snippets of the stories I saved from back then, and u can be the judge if the author is the one and same from those stories, and the stories we have here now. These snippets are copied from the original web documents as saved then.

From Girls Get Punished To Be Girls ! Boys Can Piss - Girls Have To Hold ! published on October 16, 2012;

As i was a teenager, i had a friend from East Europe. He was a very good looking boy. He came with his parents and his sister. They did not have much money, his grand parents had a little farm and they all had ti work very hard. My boyfriend, his name was milenko, was very slim, but he had a big bladder and a good bladder control. When we spendet time together he most did not pee all the day.He sometimes sayed something like "I need to piss since houre or my bladder is bigger then a soccer ball" but he still did not go for some hours more.Once he did tell me he has a good bladder because since he was a youg boy he had learnd to hold it. There was no loo in this farmer house, there was just a little loo house outside...

From I Love To Make A Girl Hold Her Morning Pee All Day Long! published September 17, 2012;

First of all sorry for my bad english - i´ll try me best. I did and i to love very slim bodys from girls or boys very much.I love both because i am bi.Nothing arouse me more then a slender girl or boy who needs to pee very bad and is forced to hold it for extrem long.Nothing makes me more horny then a slim(thin) waist - swollen from a total overfilled bladder. Many times i did plan situations where girls or boys could not pee for a very long time.When i was young i lived by my parents, thei had a flat in the city and a hous at the country, so i had always the possibillity to spend a night with anyone...

From Rent A Girl To Make Her Wait To Pee! published January 2, 2013;

Years ago there was many girls from east europe who wantet to make money with their body.There was more then one agency where you could rent girls for a weekend or for all a week.There was photos with all kind of girls and you could tell them your special wishes.This girls was not forced against their will to do anything.This was reality and the other part of my story is imagination.I wanted to rent a girl for one weekend.She had to be young, very slim and she should be able to hold her pee for a very long time.From 8 pictures and from her body index i searched my favorite...

I do hope that the thread lock on his previous, similarly-titled post could be lifted, so that others may enjoy the progress of his story.

To huberp76, I hope this helps with your plea to the moderators. Your stories are something special... even if reading it gives me a headache sometimes, and you used to leave those stories hanging back then. But nevertheless, I do hope you will continue producing stories and am looking forward to more from you.

P/s: Still will pass the gay ones (not my interest)... but I'd love to read the others. The pay with you bladder thread is one I am monitoring for updates now :D

}}

Dear friend!

Thank you very, very much for to take the trouble to help me and to support me . I really enjoy it and i am glad that you did it for me, thank you again.

It was really bad for me to read that some peoples are able to accuse someone without to know if it is true what they write.

This is now my styl to write, you know my bad englisch, to write the letter before, i needed the help from my friend, but i promise that i'll try my best so that in future your headache gets not to bad.

P/s : First i´ll finish the boy story and than i´ll write "pay with your bladder" for you.

*005*2019-08-28 15:06

{{12 hours ago, KozmoFox said:

I hear you loud and clear. I had it reported to me by multiple users that it had been a stolen story, and had been provided links to years old versions of it. It is entirely my mistake for not looking more in depth at said links to see if the authors had lined up, which due to this thread and at least one other testimony, I now realize. It is entirely my mistake for taking the reports and links to an age old story at face value, and I very humbly apologize. Not only will I unlock the thread, but I will also remove all negative rep you had received as a result of these false reports. I hope that will be enough to make things right.

}}

Thank you for your effort by taking a deeper look into this matter and clear the situation. It’s okay, I understand that misunderstandings can happen and am happy that now everything is solved.

Also thank you for unlocking the thread again and removing the negative points.

