The Gardiner (PT 1)

Author: Holdon

*000*2020-10-17 13:39

He (Tom), had answered an ad looking for a gardener. 'but with special conditions' for a woman living in the country by herself. She was known as being pretty eccentric. When he arrived, he was told that he was only allowed a toilet break once during the day, at lunchtime. She would supply him with a large glass of water on starting, at 11, lunchtime, when he could use the loo, and at 3. And he was not allowed pee in the garden during work. He thought this odd, but guessed it was bearable. She gave him what was a pint glass of elderflower she had made, and waited till he finished. He noticed her watching him drink it closely.

Now, this 'eccentric' woman, (Trina), as you may have guessed, had a secret desire to control men's bladders, and therefore see them dying to pee. But she had been unlucky in her personal life actually seeing this. She had therefore devised this plan of scheduled toilet breaks for a gardener hoping this might answer her desires. However so far she had been unlucky. Two men had left immediately saying that the request was ridiculous. Another she had spied from her window arrogantly peeing in the garden, another she had spied disappearing into a corner of the garden and when she went out, caught him in the act of pulling his zip up.

She had dismissed both immediately saying they had broken their contract. Another man had come back to her in the morning in wet shorts with a silly grin on his face, saying 'look what you made me do!' She had been watching him previously, and knew he had not even tried to hold his pee in, so she sent him home too. (She was not interested in deliberate wetting. An accidental leak was understandable with an overfull bladder, the art was in stopping the leak.)

The new man whom she liked, she watched drink each glass imagining him filling his bladder. he seemed ok when she gave him his glass at 11 and she kept an eye on him and was pleased to see him getting 'fidgety' by the time she called him for lunch. She stood outside the loo when he went at lunch, and was delighted to hear a loud waterfall of pee and a sigh after. She thought perhaps this man has potential!

So after lunch when he had a large drink, she started to become excited, could this be the man who would hold her pee for her? She brought him out another glass at 3 and watched him drink, feeling a tingling as she did. He seemed ok and she said she would come out to see how he had got on with his work at 5 when he could finish. She found it hard to concentrate on her work, looking out the window frequently. At about 4.30 she went to see him and he was walking up and down the flower beds showing her his work, but she noticed he seemed to be pacing a little unnecessarily, seeming a bit distracted, and she could not help but admire him, knowing his bladder must be full. At 5 as she was about to go out, she got a phone call which seemed to last forever.

It was 5.30 when she went out, and he was nowhere to be seen, she knew he must have somewhere to pee, and it was all her fault for being late! She then seen him in the greenhouse, her heart sank, he would be peeing in a corner. But as she got nearer and he could not see her as she stood behind some bushes, she realised he was pacing up and down the greenhouse, and her heart leapt, he had kept his pee! She watched a couple of minutes in awe as he paced up and down with an awkward gait. Then she seen him looking around with a concerned look on his face (she hid behind the bush further). She wondered would he give in and pee....she would be disappointed, but in truth she could not blame him, he must have a lot of pee in him. But instead he crossed his legs, then held his groin, rocking slightly. This was not like the fake acting she had seen online, this man was really struggling to hold his pee in (for her?)....and all because she had set strict toilet breaks and filled his bladder up.

And despite her being late, he had held on without complaining. This was the devotion she longed for. She had found her ideal man at last! She was so excited! She entered the greenhouse, and he spun around in surprise holding himself, letting out a small moan, and she seen a small wet patch the size of a large coin appear in his groin. She realised this was her fault startling him. He looked down, and flushed red, and stammered, 'I'm sorry Miss', I didn't mean to leak, , I need to pee so bad'. She put her finger to her mouth to be quiet and gave him a spontaneous kiss, saying, 'You have been so wonderful, that was my fault, I'm so sorry I'm late. Can you hold on for me, and stop that leak?' He nodded with an embarrassed smile, saying, 'I will try'. She smiled back, saying, 'I know you will', (already trusting him), and taking him by the hand, saying, 'Come with me', leading him proudly back to the house. (With his sexy full bladder...just for her! This was her dream come true. ).....

TBC

$

