The Fear Wettings Anthology; Part 5: The Cabin

Author: Hypergirl

*000*2022-12-18 02:42

Part 5 of my series! This one contains a lot of everything.. wetting wise and overarching plot wise! Hope you enjoy this one as always! Dont forget to leave your feedback as it really helps

———————————————————-

- - -

“Subjects 7, 9, and 13 have become corrupted.” A scientist in a white lab coat said to another female scientist.

“I have noticed.. i almost pissed myself at the sight of them turning. Did you inject them with element 115?” The female scientist asked as she looked at the growling subjects.

“Yes, it was even fresh.. just arrived from the meteorite collision site.” The male scientist said.

“Doesn’t matter. We need to get rid of them. We.. uhh.. Armix.. already fucked up by accidentally opening the rifts to what people call the backrooms. We cant fuck up again. Our reputation is deteriorating with all these rumors people are accusing us of.” The female scientist said angrily.

“Very well, what do you suggest?” The male scientist asked.

“Teleport them away. To a secluded area where they can’t hurt anyone.” The female scientist said.

“Right away.. How about these woods? They seem abandoned, there’s only a cabin there that apparently no one had set foot in.. in decades.” The male scientist said as he scanned through his monitor.

“Right. Send the zombies. Hopefully they’ll stay inert or get attacked by a bear or some wild animal that’ll rid them off for us. We can’t get rid of them in here, and we can’t alert our superiors in the tower that we fucked up again. We need to be discreet. Best solution is to teleport them to where you suggested.” The female scientist said worryingly.

“Alright, setting coordinates. Sending in 3.. 2.. 1..” The male scientist said then pressed a red button after his count down. The room flashed in white and suddenly the 3 zombie subjects had disappeared from their holding facilities.

“It is done.” The male scientist said as he left the lab followed by the female scientist.

- - -

On an empty quiet road at night, a car was moving fast. Three girls were inside, ironically dancing and singing along the song ‘Highway to Hell’ loudly. They were heading to a cabin in the woods to spend the weekend.

Natalie was on the wheel, she was the mastermind of the weekend plan and the cabin key holder. It was passed to her from her great great grandfather, no one had ever set foot in it since then. So she thought it might be exciting to actually explore and have a cool adventure with her friends. She was 20 years old. She was wearing a navy blue blouse and light blue jeans.

Sitting on the passenger seat beside her was Jessie. She was also 20 years old and she wore a beige crop top and Khaki cargo pants.

Behind them in the backseat sat Emma. She was a year younger than her friends. She was 19. She wore a white shirt and blue denim short shorts.

“Are you sure it’s safe there Nat?” Emma asked her friend from the backseat.

“You scared Emz?” Natalie asked with a sarcastic smile.

“Uh.. huh.. a little bit. It’s just no one has ever been there since your great great grandfather.” Emma said worryingly.

“Pfftt.. Don’t worry about it! It’s gonna be fine!” Natalie said confidently.

“I am a little bit worried too Nat, but i have no doubt it’s gonna be a lot of fun! That’s why we chose to go at night in the first place! Scary but more fun!” Jessie said as she looked back at Emma with a smile.

“Right.. well are we close yet? I really need to pee and being so nervous is not helping hehe.” Emma said blushingly.

“I think we’re like five minutes away! Just hold it girl don’t ruin my car hahaha.” Natalie said with a smirk.

Five minutes later they arrived at the cabin. Natalie parked the car and looked at the old wooden cabin. It was intact, but old.

“We’re here girls. Go on ahead Emma, i have seen in the old blueprints that there’s a bathroom inside to the left of the entrance. We’ll grab our things and follow you. Take these matches and candles to light up the inside.” Natalie said as she handed Emma the keys and matches.

As soon as Emma left the car and started approaching the cabin Natalie looked at Jessie and smiled. “Hey, I have the masks in my backpack! We’ll proceed with our plan! Quickly grab them!” Natalie evilly whispered to Jessie.

Jessie grabbed the backpack and took out two realistic zombie masks. She handed one to Natalie and wore one.

“Okay what’s the plan Nat?” Jessie asked with an evil giggle.

“Listen there’s a backdoor to the cabin, i’ll sneak from behind and you slowly go behind Emma from the main entrance, we’ll scissor her inside and give her the scare of her life!” Natalie said excitedly.

“Are you sure it’s a good idea while she’s needing to pee like that? She might piss herself.” Jessie asked.

“Well! That’d be even more funny! Come on Jess don’t be a party pooper lets go go go.” Natalie said as she wore the mask then sneaked slowly behind the cabin.

Jessie left the car and waited for Emma to open the cabin door so she could follow her inside.

Meanwhile, Emma stepped on the creaking wooden porch and unlocked the dusty door with the keys. It was dark and dusty inside. She became more nervous and her need to pee escalated at the sight of the dark cabin. She quickly grabbed her matches and lit a few candles and placed them around so the place would be well lit.

She then held her crotch and squirmed a little bit as she looked around for the bathroom door to relieve herself.

She made her way towards a closed door thinking it might be the bathroom when suddenly she heard a creaking sound coming from the back. Fear overwhelmed her and her bladder quickly twinged. She decided to ignore the sound for now until she pees.

But the sound did not ignore her. The creaking sound became louder. It turned into slowly approaching footsteps.

Emma started hyperventilating and started backing up step by step to the front door, still trying to make out what is that sound.

Suddenly and quickly out of the dim lit hall of the cabin Natalie came out sprinting and screaming at Emma with a terrifying zombie mask.

Emma immediately ran the other way with a loud scream as her bladder began leaking piss into her denim shorts in fear. She immediately bumped into Jessie who just came in from the front door with yet another terrifying zombie mask screaming at Emma as well.

“AHHHHHHH GET AWAY FROM MEEEE!!!!!” Emma instantly screamed and cried with her bladder now fully releasing as she stood in the middle between her two zombie friends. She profusely pissed herself in terror as she stood on the cabin floor. Urine extended into a wet dark patch across the front of her denim shorts and quickly flowed down her bare legs and into the old wooden cabin floor creating a dirty puddle.

As she uncontrollably wet herself she slowly started realizing the zombie screams were turning into hysterical laughs. Both her friends took off the masks and started laughing hysterically at the sight of their friend Emma pissing herself in fear.

“Omg! We’re sooo sorry Emma hahahahha omg i cant believe you pissed yourself! Hahahahaha!!” Jessie said between her laughs.

“I told you it’s gonna be good Jessie! Hahahahaha! That was sooo funny!! You should’ve seen your face while you were peeing yourself!! Hahahahaha!” Natalie said while laughing.

Emma groaned and started hitting both of her laughing friends playfully “YOU BITCHES!! YOU MADE ME PISS MYSELF!! UGHHHH!!!” Emma said angrily but soon started laughing with them.

“Okay i gotta admit.. that was a good prank.. well you know what? At least i am relieved now! Hahahaha.” Emma said as she calmed down and started joking around with her wicked friends.

“Alright Emma just head for a warm shower then we’ll continue our spooky night when you come out!” Natalie said as she pointed at the bathroom door.

Suddenly the three girls heard growling and creaking sounds coming from around the cabin. The door started banging loudly. The girls shuddered and huddled together.

“Girls stop! If you’re still in on the prank it’s not funny anymore!” Emma said between her breaths.

“Emma i swear we don’t have anything to do with this.” Jessie said in fear.

“WHO’S THERE!?” Natalie yelled as she huddled with the others.

There was no audible answer. Only loud growls and bangs. Suddenly the old cabin door got broken down. The three girls screamed in their fear as they saw 3 disfigured silhouettes entering the cabin. Slowly dragging their legs behind them and growling. Their hideous faces started to show as they came into the light of the candles. Blood trickled from the side of their mouths. Their eyes were white and pale. They looked very ugly and deformed. They looked undead. They were literal zombies. Two female ones and a male.

The three girls were mesmerized in their fear as they screamed their lungs off. Natalie immediately pissed all over herself soaking her blue jeans at the sight of the growling zombies. The damp patch grew pretty quickly with urine dripping off her jeans adding to Emma’s previously made puddle.

Emma and Jessie heard the hissing and trickling sound of Natalie’s urine and looked down at her crotch to find out she was soaking herself.

“Nat..” Jessie whispered.

Natalie immediately started to realize the warmth at her crotch and looked down over hers and Emma’s puddle. She instantly started tearing up.

“EMMA IF THAT’S YOUR REVENGE PRANK PLEASE STOP!! I PEED MYSELF TOO! WE’RE EQUAL NOW PLEASE EMMA I AM SORRY!” Natalie yelled in her shock.

“I swear i dont have anything to do with it!!” Emma said between her sobs.

“Girls! Focus! They are slow! We can outrun them if we split up and meet back outside at the car so we can get the hell out of here!” Jessie calmly said with shallow breaths.

“O-ok-okay.. okay!” Emma and Natalie said stutteringly.

“Alright on my go, Emma to the right, Natalie to the back from where you originally came from the backdoor, and i’ll head to the left.. 3.. 2.. 1.. NOW!” Jessie said then the three girls ran through their designated directions. The three zombies split up too each following a different girl while picking up the pace a little.

Jessie managed to easily go through the front door while swiftly avoiding the zombie on her side. She ran as fast as she could for her life to the car. She opened the car door and sat in the passenger seat locking herself quickly inside as she waited for her soaking friends.

As she waited, her zombie arrived at the car and started hitting the window slowly. Jessie started trembling and crying and buried her face into the palms of her hands hoping that her friends would quickly join her.

Although her bladder was strong enough that she hadn’t wet herself until now in fear of the situation, it finally gave way. No matter how strong one’s bladder is the situation she was in would be unbearable.

Jessie started to uncontrollably wet her cargo pants over her seat as she cried. With each bang on the window a spurt of piss left her vagina and soaked her pants and the seat under her until the stream went steady completely soaking the car seat and her entire butt. She quickly felt the warmth and could vividly smell the urine odor in the closed car and instantly started wailing and crying harder.

Meanwhile back at the cabin, Natalie was trying to get out of the backdoor. But an old wooden shelf had apparently fallen in front of it blocking the way. She immediately crawled and hid under the stairs beside her. She sat down in fetus position with her knees up to her face as she trembled in fear, the odor of her urine filled pants hitting her nostrils.

The zombie that was following her dumbly started looking around for her. Its leg which had a bone popping out of it was obvious from Natalie’s perspective. She quickly put a hand over her mouth and nose in order to hold the sound of her breath and sobbed.

It stayed there for a while with its growls growing louder. Natalie closed her eyes and started wetting herself again. The tense situation was too much for her bladder to handle. Her sphincters relaxed once more and the already damp patch started to grow darker again. Urine extended into a puddle on the ground, soaking her butt and flowing away from the stairs she was hidden under.

The puddle had reached the zombie’s feet. It started walking on it without realizing it was splashing it everywhere. Natalie’s heart sank, her only thought was ‘I am gonna die because i couldn’t control my bladder! I am gonna die in soaked pants!’. But to her luck these zombies were dumb and ignorant of their surroundings. The zombie walked right past it and went in an entirely different direction.

Natalie sighed then collected her strength and made a run for it back to the car were Jessie was locked inside afraid of the zombie at the window. Natalie noticed what was going on and quickly grabbed a stone from the ground and threw it at the zombie’s head distracting it. Then rapidly ran to the driver’s seat as she banged on the window for soaked Jessie to open the door for her.

Jessie unlocked the door between her sobs and Natalie went inside the car and closed the door again.

“Emma’s not here yet!?” Natalie asked in shock.

“N-no..” Jessie answered between her sobs.

Natalie looked down at Jessie’s car seat and realized that her friend had wet herself as well. She put a hand over Jessie’s shoulder and caressed it. “It’s gonna be okay. Emma will get here now and we’ll drive off quickly and never return to this place.” Natalie said trying to reassure her friend and herself.

Meanwhile, Emma still inside the cabin was hiding inside a wardrobe. As soon as her zombie started moving away giving up on finding her she made a run for it to the front door. On the way out she bumped into Natalie’s zombie hardly dodging it before she finally went outside. The shock of that made her leak all over herself while running. Making a urine trail on the wooden perch behind her and watering the grass before reaching the car.

Natalie quickly unlocked the car door for Emma and she quickly jumped in the backseat. “GO GO GO!!!” Emma screamed.

Natalie immediately turned the car keys to turn on the engine but it wouldn’t start. She tried several times while screaming “Come on! Come on!!” But it wouldn’t work. By the time she couldn’t start the engine the three zombies had circled their car. They started hitting the windows forcefully.

The three girls screamed and cried, and with no exceptions the three of them leaked the final content of their bladders into their car seats. The three of them pissed themselves in terror again simultaneously realizing their inevitable fate. Not all of them had heavily leaked. It was based on how much was left in their bladder. Jessie pissed the most while Natalie and Emma leaked the least. The car’s smell quickly turned into a public urinal.

With a final scream Natalie strongly turned the car keys and the engine finally roared. She instantly hit the gas pedal with her feet at full power and the car accelerated forcefully away from the cabin with the 3 zombies falling to the ground.

The girls finally drove off out of this wicked cabin sitting in pants and car seats full of their urine. They will never forget that very wet terrifying day and decided they will never return to that old cabin.

- - -

A few moments after the girls’ car drove off a white door-like portal opened in front of the cabin. Two men in black coats and black hats stepped out of it. Mr. Omo and Mr. Rashi.

“The girls are safe?” Mr. Omo asked.

“Yes. This was already in the original timeline, i knew they would survive.. if we were under different circumstances i would have been recording them right now.” Mr. Rashi said.

“Right, we just need to get to Armix now. We’re here because these zombies were directly teleported from the Armix tower. We can extract the teleporting particles out of them and teleport back to the same point they came from. Thus; we’ll be able to infiltrate the tower unnoticed by directly teleporting inside it.” Mr. Omo explained.

“Wait but why do we need the zombie particles? Why didn’t we directly teleport there from our base.” Mr. Rashi confusingly asked.

“Mr. Rashi focus. Remember. We were banished! Overthrown! We can’t teleport inside unless there’s a direct point.” Mr. Omo said.

“Oh.. i am sorry. You know i am recovering from amnesia.. since that.. uh.. incident.” Mr. Rashi stuttered as he tried to remember.

“Yes. Just remember. We were the creators of Armix we were the original founders so long ago. We even originally named it Omorashi Corporation based on our names before we were overthrown. Remember?” Mr. Omo tried to remind Mr. Rashi.

“Oh.. yes.. it’s vaguely returning. Any how. Lets get done with business now.” Mr. Rashi said. The zombies were already approaching Misters omo-rashi as they spoke.

Mr. Rashi unsheathed a futuristic looking glowing sword from the side of his coat and swiftly cut off the three zombie heads in one slash.

Mr. Omo leaned down and extracted the zombies’ blood with a strange device. He then opened another portal and slowly entered followed by Mr. Rashi sheathing the sword.

Armix awaits..

- - -

*002*2022-12-18 05:21

THANK YOU

OMG! I never thought anyone would get that reference

Yes! Thank you

True the poor girls Thank you, really appreciate your feedback

*004*2022-12-18 05:42

Definitely will as long as i have the motivation

I am glad you do!! Thanksss

Cant wait to release next part!

*007*2022-12-18 15:04

HAHAHAHA OMG I AM SO GLAD PEOPLE GOT MY REFERENCE! I put it out there for myself originally

*009*2022-12-19 15:45

{{13 hours ago, DerekOmoso said:

ALSO I WANT TO MENTION THE SONG IN THE BEGINNING. THAT'S NOT A BAD SONG!!!

LITERALLY GENIUS FORESHADOWING

}}

Yesss hahaha i thought it’d be cool and ironic to actually listen to “Highway to Hell” on their way there THANK YOU

