The shopping trip!

Author: huberp76

*000*2023-02-26 12:56

Two 19 year old boys picked a few months younger girl up from her school for a projected shopping tour.

They wanted organize together a birthday surprise party for one of their friends and therefore they had to buy a lot of things.

It was late afternoon as the boys waited in the car in front of the school building.

The girl came 10 minutes too late. She said that she would be sorry for delaying but it was an absolutely crazy and busy day today.

The driver had a long checklist and asked where they should start their tour.

”There where i can go to a toilet as soon as possible.” said the girl and told them that she is needing to wee since hours because she had not the chance to go to the toilet even once all day long.

Then she told them that she did not want to make them wait longer for her that’s why she did not go before leaving, although it would have been very necessary.

Some boys gets turned on very much if a girl is needing to wee and from knowing that she is holding a very full bladder.

This two boys were some of them, they did not even think about to bring her at the fastest way to a toilet.

This was a good opportunity to make a girl hold her wee and they wanted to use the chance.

The driver said that he has something to handle, something to collect before they start shopping and said that it will last just a half an hour. In reality he wanted prevent that the girl could pee and the other boy could easily imagine why he did it.

Then they started their tour not in a shopping mall with public toilets, they started somewhere, where the girl could not go. They did love it to see her more and more crossing her legs from needing to wee so bad.

Back in the car she said that she could not wait much longer and that she will wet her panties if she can’t go very soon.

So great and arousing for the boys to hear that.

”I always thought that you girls are so good in pee holding and that you are able to hold it very long.” said one of the boys in a way to tease her a little bit.

”It’s late afternoon and i did not wee since early morning! Is that not long enough?” asked the girl, a little bit angry.

”Maybe for you, but for us not really, for us you could hold it longer, much longer.” answered the boy.

”You do that for purpose, you don’t let me go somewhere, because you like to make me hold and you like to see to see me suffer, that is not fair.” said the girl.

”Did someone before tell you how cute and how sexy you are if you need to wee?” asked the other boy.

”No, but stop that now, bring me somewhere where i can finally wee before i do it in my panties. Bring me to a coffee shop, or anywhere.”she replied.

”Oh yes coffee is a really good idea! We bring you as fast as possible to a coffee shop if you promise that you will drink coffee with us and that you will not go to the toilet there!” said the boy and smiled dirty.

*002*2023-02-27 08:58

{{17 hours ago, wether said:

Nice start. Although I can imagine what happens next, it will be fascinating to read.

}}

Thank you, i am glad you like it.

What do you think will happen next? What would you like that happens?

*004*2023-02-27 22:16

The 2 boys wanted to make her wait longer, they wanted to make her frantic, maybe one of the boys wanted to see her piss in her panties, but it was nearly impossible, she wailed loudly and was getting angry, they could not prevent her willingly longer.

The driver had a good idea. He did know a little coffee shop near. One of his friends worked there as waiter and for their luck they renovated the toilets.

The toilet was out of order, sure they had a spare toilet in the yard. It was a kind of container, but the girl did not have to know that.The girl should drink and hold and she should get frantic!!!

The girl was thankful for the drivers offer to bring her fast to a coffee shop for a much needed wee.

As soon as they went in, she wanted to the toilet, but the boy did not let her “ don’t act like a little girl and don’t embarrass me, the waiter is a friend of me.

Drink first your coffee and then go to the toilet. That is the way how big girls do that.” he said.

They greeted each other and the driver ordered 3 large coffee. After that he did get up and talked something private with the waiter. The waiter was one of them, he did love desperate girls as well.

The driver told him that the girl has not weed since early morning and that she is needing to go very bad since hours. He said that he should not let her go, he should say that the toilets gets renovated. No pee for her!!

The waiter looked at the girl and said “ That girl is really, really needing to piss!! Look at her legs, she has goose pimples on her thighs and girls have that just if they are full to burst. I nearly have a bad conscience, but she is a girl, she should hold it, no pee for her!!”

She did drink her coffee very fast and asked then for the toilet.

The waiter told her that that they don’t have a toilet at the moment because of renovation and that he is sorry about that and invited them for compensation to 3 cocktails.

He did that for purpose, for him and especially for his friends. That was the last what the girl was needing, she had so badly let something out and not to put something in, she was needing to wee so horrendous urgently, but she had to drink it.

The boys promised her to bring her as soon as they have emptied to a near shopping mall with toilets.

The girl did drink very fast and hoped that she can leave that way faster, but the faster she did drink, the faster the drinks went to her already overfilled bladder.

The boys had more time, they did try to drink slowly, but the girl urged to leave and so they had to go.

With rubbing knees went the poor girl to the car.

To risk to get his seat wet, did the boy try to drive as slowly as possible.

”Drive faster, i am needing to wee so badly since so long, am about to pee my panties.

Never in my whole life i needed to wee worse than now, it is so awful, that is more than a girl can endure.” wailed the girl.

”Stop to talk like that, girls can always endure more than they think that they can. Squeeze your slit tight and hold it!

The cocktail and the coffee did nearly burst the girls bladder.

A little later on the way from the shopping mall parking lot to the mall, she could no more walke upright, she was bending over and walked with nearly crossed legs.

A group of boys were coming towards on the way to their car. One of them said to the girl “pinch hard together, squeeze heavy and keep your panties dry!”

A few steps later, she pushed her panties down under her knees, squatted and pissed powerful with high pressure.

There was no end, she was squatting in a lake of hot girl wee and was still peeing.

The 2 boys watched her and one of them said “ oh my god, that was really necessary, that must have been absolutely urgently.”

On the way to the mall asked the girl “ does all boys love it if we girls are desperate to wee?”

”I don’t know, but i know that a lot of boys wants to fuck you girls so bad if you are desperate, because you girls gets so cute and so sexy if you need to wee so really, really urgently!” answered the boy.

*005*2023-02-28 17:00

Next day called the “waiter friend “ and asked “ did her panties and your seat stay dry until the shopping mall ?”

”My seat stayed dry, but her panties were dry just until the parking lot. On the way to the mall she started to leak and then she pissed like a mare between the cars.

Unbelievable how much she pissed. I have never before seen somebody peeing so much and so powerful. It was bursting out of her with a loud hissing sound.”answered the boy.

”Did she let you look between her thighs? Could you see her pissing cunt?” wanted the waiter know.

”Sure we watched her hard pissing slit, she had no more time to hide something, she was starting to pee before she was squatting.” answered the boy.

”You bad boys tortured her really hard and i did help you at that. What a pity that i could not see it!!”

”Oh yes we really tortured her and “her hot girl bladder” but we loved it, we loved it so much!

So bad of us, she told us that she had no chance to wee all day, she said that she had not peed since she left her home early in the morning and told us that she is needing to go since hours. She was begging to bring her so fast as possible to a toilet, but we bad boys had no mercy with her, we did not let her go, we wanted to see her suffer her strongest urge ever, we made her drink a large coffee and you did give her a large cocktail, well knowing that she was already bursting and that she had goose pimples on her sexy thighs from needing to pee so awful.” answered the boy.

How bad can boys be, how much bladder torture are boys able to do to a girl ? How long does boys want to make girls hold? Until they gets nearly crazy from needing to go so bad? Until they piss themselves?

This are the questions what boys who loves girls desperate to pee ask themselves, but no question for them is that they want to see girls fight for hours against their urge and against to piss themselves, fight with all their willpower and their bodily power to keep their little panties dry.

”Was she angry after all that?” Did she wear her wet panties until they were dry again?”wanted the waiter know.

” Yes she did wear her wet panties until we brought her home, maybe they were already dry to that time and no she was not really angry, i think that she was turned on as well from that situation and i think that is was turning on for her to make us boys so much horny with her great performance.” replied the boy.

