Full bladder date!

Author: huberp76

*000*2022-11-28 20:48

A boy invited a girl from his class to the cinema.

He has a special lust for girls who are desperate to pee.

When ever he did get a chance he organized situations where he could on purpose make hold and wait to make them desperate.

Before they went to the cinema, they had a fast dinner at McDonalds.

A large drink before a cinema visit is good for to fill a girls bladder and to make her hold her full bladder for minimum 2 till 3 hours.

As they were ready with their meal, the boy urged the girl to drink faster, because they had to hurry for the cinema.

It was part of his strategy to give the girl not enough time to use the toilet, but that girl did not let him make her wait, she simply told him that she make a fast visit at the toilet before they leave.

He was a little disappointed about it, but there was no way for him to deny her to go.

Not even one minute later she was back and said that there would be a long line and that she would go at the cinema.

The was glad about that new situation and thought about a way to prevent her to go before the film was starting.

He did drive a extra long way and he did drive extra slowly.

It was just a few minutes to walke from the parking lot to the cinema.

As soon as they arrived wanted the girl to the toilet, but the boy said „is that really necessary? The film is already running ! Can’t you wait until after the film?“

The girl was already needing to wee really bad, but what a big girl would admit to a boy that she can’t hold her wee for 2 hours longer.

Before she could answer the boy put his arm around her hips and went with her in the room.

She did not really have a chance to escape to the toilet.

On the way inside was time enough for him to buy 2 large coke.

They would have been a good investment for to make a girl with a full bladder desperate.

As soon as they were sitting the girl said „the toilet would have been very well necessary, but i will be able to hold it that long.“

“I think you will not wee in your panties!?“ teased the boy and smiled.

She was one of the girls who did not think about that all what she put in at the top MUST come out below.

Although her bladder was very full she emptied the large coke very fast.

Sometimes later she was moaning and whining from needing to wee so bad.

Again and again she said “I need so urgently to the loo! It hurts so much.”

The boy had his hand on her bare thigh and could feel how she sometimes tense her muscles with all her power, to hold her wee inside.

”I can’t stand it anymore, it is so painful to hold it back for so long.” whispered the girl in the boys ear.

”Just 20 more minutes, that is not really long, you can endure that easily.” answered the boy and did try to calm her down.

He could not think at any other than on on the girls full bladder and how hard she would squeeze her slit tight to hold all the wee inside her.

She did not know that the exit is leading straight to the street and that she would not come back to the room with the toilets.

The poor girl did not know that her bladder torture would not end with the end of the film.

After 20 minutes of heavy suffering, they did leave the cinema.

The girl was getting totally in panic as she noticed that she was on the street and that there was no toilet around.

”I need a loo!!! I want to piss finally!” said the girl loud and energetic.

”Sorry but there are not any toilets. I’m maximum one hour you will be at home, i think that you’ll be able to hold it for so long.” answered the boy and had a boner in his pants.

”Do you think that i can hold back my wee at will? For so long it ever will take, no matter how long?

It seems like you want to test my pee holding endurance .

You can’t know that, i have been very busy all afternoon and had no time for to go to the toilet.

I was needing to wee long before you picked me up, but i wanted not let you wait so i did not go before i leaved , i did put it off until at McDonalds, but there i still did not go, because we were late.

I did put it off again and wanted to go at the cinema, but there you told me to wait until the end of the film and now you tell me that i should hold it for one hour longer.

I can’t no more!! I HAVE to pee now!! Can’t you understand that?” she said.

He did not bring her back to the cinema, they went slowly to his car.

The street was quiet and there were no people around as she suddenly said “sorry but i can’t no more, i am near to doing it in my panties.”

She went between the parking cars, lifted her skirt, pulled her panties down and at the same moment as she wanted to squat came a boy from their school around the corner.

As fast as she could she pulled her panties back up and did let her skirt falling down to her knees.

The boy did know very well what she wanted to do between the cars.

They did talk for some minutes, the girl could no more other, she was standing with her legs tight crossed.

Everybody who saws her did know that this girl was bursting to pee.

The guy went with them in the same direction to the boys car.

The girl did get in with her hurting overfilled bladder and a painful urge.

“Bring her home before she wets her panties.“ said the guy and smiled.

“Oh my God, that is so painful to hold it back for so long, all my belly hurts from needing to wee so bad.“she said.

She pushed her skirt between her thighs. Her thighs were nude until the top and sometimes the boy could see how she pressed and pushed the fabric of her little panties deep in her slit.

She was frantic from needing to wee, she was in ecstasy, she was begging to stop somewhere, but the boy did not.

He said „it must have been very hard for you to stop weeing as the guy came!?“

“I did not have to stop, i did not wee even one single drop. I am still holding all inside.“ she answered.

The boy could not get enough from seeing her fight so hard against her inhuman piss urge and he could not get enough to see her bladder bulging out.

“Your bladder has become very big.“ he said and did feel it with his hand.

It was bulging out so much and it was hard as a rock.

The boy did nearly cum in his pants from horniness.

As soon as they stopped opened the girl the and squatted beside the car.

She pissed with high pressure for extreme long. She was pissing a hole in the ground with her ultra strong pee jet.

“Sorry she said, „i could not hold it even one minute longer, i could not wait until at home, my bladder was full to explode. „

The boy did love to watch her, he was glad that she was no more able to bring her mega bladder home, he did never see a to piss so powerful and so long.

As she was ready and empty, he did get out of car and kissed her.

He pressed his hard cock against her belly and between her thighs.

He could not get his eyes from the large lake beside the car, he could not imagine that the girl was holding so much hot wee in her bladder, how could she do that.

They were both so absolutely horny that the girl did take him to her room for a really good sex.

For the boy was it the most exciting and most arousing date of his life and for the girl was it the most painful date , her poor bladder was never before get so much tortured.

*002*2022-11-29 14:53

{{13 hours ago, eucoloco said:

That's the kind of end (of this part) i was expecting. Nice

It seems the boy's bladder isn't empty either

}}

You mean that the boys bladder can not be empty, because he did not pee at McDonalds, he did not wanted to encourage the girl to go there.

He did not pee at the cinema, because although the girl said that she would need to go was “no time “for her to wee, so he could not go as well and he did not pee at the street, like the girl did.

He did drink as well a lot, because he wanted animate the girl to drink for to fill her bladder, you are absolutely right, his bladder must simply be full now!!!

Now it is the opposite, the girl is empty but the boy is full.

Should we write a second part about that?

*003*2022-11-30 22:49

Part 2

The girl had weed on the street, her bladder was empty, the boy was not at the toilet since his morning pee, his bladder was very full.

He did deliberately not go again before they met, because he knows that he have a large bladder and a good bladder control.

He did love to feel an urge to pee when he made girls hold, this way he can better imagine what the girl is feeling.

Of course should the girls urge be much stronger than his own urge.

The girls should always be desperate for him, but now it was the opposite, now was the the girl empty and he was full, very full.

On one hand he wanted so fast as any possible home to take a much needed pee, but on the other hand he was so horny about the last few hours that he wanted necessarily sex with that girl.

It would have been much easier for him to stand his strong urge if the girls bladder would still have been full to burst, like it was a few minutes before.

He could easier tortured himself if he would have been able to torture the girl and her bladder.

She was needing to wee for so long, she was needing to wee so bad, he would not have get enough from her desperation he would have held it, just for prevent the girl from peeing.

He was needing to pee as well since hours, his bladder was totally overfilled from so many drinks and from holding it all day long, he had to go really, really bad.

It was not easy for him to say to the girl “first of all i need to the toilet.”

”That will be absolutely impossible. My parents don’t allow to bring a boy in my room.

We have to be quiet on the way to my room, they must not see you.You can’t use our bathroom.”she answered.

”But i have to piss so bad, i need to go!” said the boy.

”You can’t, but you are a big boy, i think that you’ll be able to hold it for some hours longer.” she said and smiled.

*004*2022-12-01 23:35

Part 3

The poor boy was now in a real bad situation, he was needing to pee so bad that he did not know even what he should do, so he said to the girl that he would go back to the street to pee there where she peed earlier.

Because of her parents she did not let him go back and said „ you are a strong boy, you will be able to control your bladder like i had to do it all the hours before. My bladder was already very full at the restaurant and you did not let me go in the cinema, you told me to hold it until after the film.

Then although you did no very well that i was needing to wee like crazy you did not bring me back to the cinema for to let me wee, you told me that i should wait and hold it, it will last just only one hour until at home.

You did not give me no chance and i had no other way than to stand it and to hold it.

I am a just a weak girl and i was able to endure to hold a bursting full bladder for hours and you are a strong guy, i think you will be able as well.“

It was like a punishment for the boy, for torturing that girl so much before.

He always loved to have girls in a desperate situation and now it was he who was desperate.

They went silently in the girls room, shut the door and started to strip each other’s clothes.

The boy was standing in a dimmed light just with his undies on his good trained, very slim body, his legs were tight crossed and with one hand he caressed his swollen belly.

„Look how much my bladder is bulging out!“ he said to the girl.

“Oh my God, it is really very full, but why you did not drink more than me.“ she asked.

„I did not piss since 15 hours!! Can you understand now that i have to go really bad?“ said the boy.

“ I can understand that you would need to pee, but you have to understand that you can’t go.“ replied the girl.

The girl was totally aroused from this situation, she did hear that some boys love it to see girls desperate and that they get turned on to see them holding and suffer, but she did not know before that she would get turned on to see a boy desperate.

They were lying in bed, totally naked by now. They kissed and were rubbing their bodies together and the girl tried always to press and push on the boys bladder, she wanted to torture him.

He on the other hand wanted to have sex with her as soon as possible to be able to piss.

The girl did not let him fuck her, she wanted to make him hold for so long as any possible before they would have sex.

One hour later the girl told him that she would need to wee again and said that always when she is holding it for so long, like she did it before, she is needing to go again after a short time.

She said that it would be very urgently again.

The boy was already very desperate, but he was getting totally horny to hear that and was ready to endure more „need to pee pain“ and was ready to suppress his strong urge longer.

He wanted to torture her and pressed very hard and very deep in the girls abdomen.

The girl moaned from needing to wee and from horniness and whispered in his ear that he could stay overnight, if he can endure not pee until at morning, he would have to hold it back until her parents go at work.

*007*2022-12-03 00:52

{{4 hours ago, holdit247 said:

Enjoying this

}}

I am glad that you enjoy it.

*008*2022-12-03 01:30

{{7 hours ago, Spectator9 said:

Some men have difficulty maintaining an erection when their bladder is bursting full, and some either can't cum or they cum almost immediately when they need to pee that badly. I wonder if this fellow will have a problem....

I also recall a story about a girl who insisted that every time her boyfriend need to pee he had to have sex with her first. (That would be hard for a beer-drinker!)

}}

I heard about that some boys have problems to get an erection or that they can’t cum when they are full to burst.

For me it is the opposite, i get more and more horny the fuller my bladder gets and the more i am needing to pee.

I like that feeling, even it gets painful, but after i cum, equal at masturbate or at sex, there is just pain and no more horniness, then i want to pee as soon as possible.

*009*2022-12-03 22:01

Part 4

The boy was needing to pee really bad, but he did not want to miss the opportunity to spend the night with that full bladdered girl.

He did know that he have a XL bladder and that he has a good ability to hold it.

Sometimes he is holding it for himself for a very long time, because he likes that kind of painful urge from needing to pee and he likes to torture his own bladder.

He wanted to take the offer from the girl to stay overnight and he was willing to torture his bladder for hours longer, but the girls bladder should get tortured as well, that is it what he loves at most.

He said “ look how swollen my abdomen is, look how big my bladder became and how much it is bulging out.

I need to piss really like crazy, but i always dreamed about to spend a night with you , so i am ready to suffer for you, but you have to suffer for me too!

There is a large bottle mineral, here on the table, you will take it and drink it and you will not go to the toilet all night.

You will hold it with me until your parents go to work tomorrow morning.”

”That is impossible, i can’t stand that for so long, i could try it but without to drink something.” answered the girl.

” Oh no, it should be fair, you weed 2 hours ago and i did not pee since 17 hours, you have to drink that bottle and then you have to hold it.

It will be easier for us if we both have to suffer.

The girl agreed and did drink all that water.

On one hand the boy wanted boy fuck that girl so bad at the moment and on the other hand he did know if he would cum, he wanted nothing than to pee as soon as possible.

For this reason he had to wait until morning, he had to try to sleep with all his horniness and with his bladder full from 17 hours.

The advantage for him would be that he did not drink anything since a long time, his bladder would get fuller, but very slowly, but the girls bladder was full again and there was 1 liter mineral on the way to her already full bladder.

*013*2024-02-09 08:07

They were lying in the bed, they kissed, they cuddled, they caressed each other and they were both very horny.

The mineral went more and more in the girls bladder and made her urge to wee stronger and painful.

”I need to wee so bad, my bladder is so full.” was the girl whining.

That cant about her pee urge was a absolutely turning on for the boy, he simply had to tease her and he had to torture her bladder, so he said ” You are such a weak pee gal, first you could not even wait just 5 minutes longer to use your own bathroom, you was squatting between the cars with your panties down under your knees like a little schoolgirl and now just 2 hours later you go again to whine that you are needing to wee so bad.

I think that you should wear nappy at our next date.”

“All that what you said is not fair, but you know that very well. I was needing to wee already as we met, but you didn’t let me go. You made me drink at McDonalds, you made me drink an extra large coke in the cinema, but you didn’t let me to the loo. I have been holding it for so long, so many hours, but that was not enough for you, you still didn’t let me go, you did not go back with me to the cinema after the film for to let me finally do a so much urgently wee. I had to get in your car with my bladder full to explode. After all i was still able to hold it all the way home, but then i HAD to let it out. I think that i am not a weak girl!!

I think that i am a strong girl, but the strongest girl needs to wee some times, the strongest girl will pee in her panties if she can’t go long enough.”answered the girl.

”Okay, if you think that you are a strong girl, then you will get this night a chance to show me how strong you are.” said the boy and pressed hard and deep in the girls belly until she moaned loudly.

“ I shouldn’t have drink that water just before , then i would have a chance to hold it until tomorrow, but with my bladder that full and so much extra water on the way, will that be impossible.” said the girl and squeezed her thighs hard together.

The boy on the other hand was needing to piss already very bad as well, after holding it since 18 hours.

He was trained by himself to hold it. Since he was very young he did love it to suppress his urge for so long as possible, because he did love the feeling of a strong urge and the feeling of an overfilled bladder.

He did love to torture his own bladder, he pressed and pushed on it when it was already very full.

Sometimes, on weekends he did drink very much at evening before sleeping and didn’t go to the toilet in the morning for a much needed pee. He did stay in the bed for hours, took a pillow and laid with all his weight on his belly. He pressed his overfilled , swollen bladder more and more against the pillow. This way he was able to cum without to use his hands.

Sometimes he was holding it for 24 hours and a few times even longer than 30 hours, but at that time he didn’t drink so much than today.

He did know that it will get very hard and very painful for him to hold it until in the morning, but he was ready to suffer for the opportunity to torture the naked girl beside him.

To torture a girl’s bladder, to make a girl hold her wee, don’t let her pee even she is already crazy and frantic from needing to go so bad, is the most arousing that he can imagine, nothing can make him more horny, especially then when he was needing to pee as well urgently.

They were both holding so much hot pee in their young bodies that they were able to overflow the girls bed.

They were both needing to wee so bad (good) but didn’t go, because they wanted to torture each other.

The boy could not resist to push his knee in the girls belly, exactly on her swollen bladder, when they were lying face to face. He wanted to hear her moan and to feel how she quivered from needing to wee so very, very bad.

For the girl on the other hand was it new that she was getting turned on so much from the knowing that the boy didn’t piss since nearly 19 hours and that he was needing to go so badly. It was new for her that it was making her horny to press and to push on his bulging, firm bladder.

They tortured each other and each others bladder very hard and they were both full of lust and horniness.

The girl wanted to get fucked so bad and the boy wanted that as well very badly, but he didn’t not do it, he could not do it, because he did need his horniness to endure his painful urge over the night. He did know very well that he would nothing more than to piss in the moment after cuming.

He had to stay horny to hold it overnight and to endure the pain of is so much overfilled and overstretched bladder.

As the girl realized that she would not get fucked, she wanted to the toilet.

”I have to pee now, my bladder is about to explode!” said the girl and wanted to get out of the bed.

The boy did hold her back, he didn’t let her out of the bed and said “ you will go nowhere, you will hold it with me until in the morning although you bladder will burst!!!”

*015*2024-02-11 00:34

The boy was needing to piss so urgently and so bad, his bladder was so much overfilled and overstretched that it was hurting him, but he did like that kind of pain, especially when he was together with a girl who was needing to wee as well very painful.

Sure that he must have been full to burst after holding it for 18 hours, but he did know very well, not at last from himself, that the intense of the urge is not just depending on the holding time, it is more depending on the pressure in the bladder and how much the bladder is overstretched.

Sure that everybody will be needing to pee extremely urgent if he didn’t pee for 18 hours. For the boy, by the way, Peter was his name, is it a extra turn on if a girl didn’t wee for a extreme long period of time, but at that especially situation they have been nearly at the same level, but for different reasons.

Peter did not piss for extreme long and the girl did drink very much on her already full bladder.

To see and to feel her firm, bulging bladder was a good compensation for her less holding time.

” I can’t bear up until in the morning, i have to pee now.” said the girl and wanted again out of the bed.

And again the boy didn’t let her.

“You weak, naughty little “wee girl!!”You will not go to the loo, you will hold it like a strong good girl has to do that!”said Peter and pulled her back in the bed.

He pushed two fingers deep inside her, made his other hand to a fist and pressed the first hard in her lower abdomen, for his lust and for punishing her for for her intention to escape to the toilet.

”I’ll help you to hold it and i help you to prevent that you wet us both during the night.” said Peter and pushed on of his upper thighs between the girls thighs and pressed hard against the girls cunt.

He clasped the girl very tight and the girl did know and realized that she would not get another chance to escape to take a so much needed wee before sleeping.

She waked up at about 6 am from her unbearable need to pee. “You have to let me out now, i can’t absolutely hold it any longer.” she said and wanted to get out of the bed again.

“ You HAVE to hold it!! I don’t let you go. I did not piss since 22 hours, i need to pee so unbelievably urgently, but i am still holding it, you have to be able to hold it as well.” said the boy and was holding her very tight.

”I’ll wet my own bed if you don’t let me finally to the toilet.” answered the girl.

He started to caress the girl’s young, slim body. He caressed her thighs, her slit between her thighs, her firm breast and her swollen belly. He could feel the fullness of her bulging bladder and was getting horny as hell.

”You are holding so much hot urine inside you, you are so full down there, it would be a shame to let out all that wee. Hold it just for some hours longer.” said Peter.

“I can’t no more, can’t you understand that? Let me go now.” she was begging.

Peter realized that he could not hold her back in the bed anymore, but he didn’t want to let her piss before he fucked her.

He did not want to lose the chance to fuck a girl who was so frantic to pee during his own bladder was full to burst as well.

He started to fuck her first very tender, then more and more intense and heavy.

The girl was crying from lust and pee need. They were both in ectasia from horniness and piss urge.

The boy pushed his penis deep in the girl’s thigh cunt and he pushed his own bulging bladder against the girls bladder bulge.

It was horny and painful at the same way for both of them.

Whenever he pushed especially hard and deep inside her, whenever he pushed his bladder especially hard against the girls bladder, the girl could no more endure the extra pressure and started to leak.

The girls ass, her cunt and the boys penis were wet from the girls wee. Her bed was already wet a little bit as well, but they didn’t stop to fuck like animals.

As soon as they climaxed went the girl with both hands pressed hard against her slit to the bathroom.

Peter could not stop her anymore and he was over his limit as well, he was no more able to hold it longer, he did use the time during the girl was at the toilet to piss in a waste paper basket.

As she came back, they did both agree that is was their best sex they ever had.

*016*2024-02-11 13:30

Another possibility for to end the story!?

The girl waked up because of her urge to pee at 6 in the morning.

Her urge was painful and her bladder was hurting her so much. It was impossible for her to sleep anymore, it was also impossible for her to hold her wee back any longer.

Her bladder was at the limit of her load bearing capacity and she was at her limit of her endurance.

”Sorry, but i can’t any longer, i go to the toilet now.” she said and wanted again out of the bed.

”No You will not go, you will hold it like i have to do it!” said the boy and was holding her back in the bed.

” You make me wet my own bed if you don’t let me finally wee.” she answered.

”You will not wee in your own bed, you are no more a little pee girl, you told me that you are not weak, you told me that you are a strong girl, then show me how strong you are.

I have not pissed since yesterday morning, my bladder is near to burst, but i have to hold it until after 8 until your parents leave.

You weed like a little girl between the cars late at evening yesterday. I am holding the urine from all the day and all the night in my bladder and i have to be able to hold it for 2 or 3 hours longer, you have to be able as well. I don’t let you out, i don’t let you wee, even you wet your bed, you have to hold it with me, you have to suffer with me!!!” said Peter very dominant.

Each of them had a bladder big and hard as a bowling ball in the belly. Each of them was needing to pee unbelievable urgently and very painful and each of them was absolutely horny.

It was not easy for the boy to push one or two fingers in the girls slit, because she had her sexy, slim thighs crossed and knotted very tight.

He caressed her swollen belly, he massaged her firm bladder. He could feel how the skin is stretched over her bulging bladder and he could feel how she tensed all her muscles when he pressed just very lightly on her lower abdomen.

Peter did love to torture that girl and her so much overfilled bladder that way it was making him so horny, that he HAD to fuck her.

He wanted to put her thighs apart but she didn’t let him. “We can’t do that, i will not be able to keep my wee inside if you fuck me.” said the girl.

Peter didn’t let him stop, he pressed her knees and her thighs apart and lay with all the weight of his body on the girl’s body.

She was trembling from needing to wee so bad, but she was able to endure that pressure without to let only one drop of urine out of her.

Peter fucked her first very tender and then more and more heavily. Whenever he pushed hard and deep in the girl, whenever he pressed his bulging bladder against the bladder bulge of the girl, he could feel how she squeezed her tight slit hard around his penis.

Sometimes he pushed one hand between their bellies and pressed soft on the girl’s bladder to make her urge unbearable.

The girl wriggled under his body, she moaned and whined, but did stay closed.

Her sphincter must have been a block valve and her will to endure pee urge pain must have been great as well.

As soon as they had their climax, as soon as the horniness went away, they wanted just piss their pain away, but they could not, her parents were still at home.

”Sorry!” said the girl “ i can’t stand it any longer, i go now to the loo. I am really sorry about it that you have to wait.”

”No, absolutely no, you will not go, you will suffer with me!” said the boy and did hold her tight.

It was so new for Peter, usually when he does his longtime holds, when he is full to burst, he takes a much needed piss as soon he is cuming, but now he still could not go for hours.

It was already so painful for him, but it would be easier for him to endure it, if he can torture the girls bladder. No pee for her for hours, she has to hold it with him together and she has to suffer with him together.

He entwined with his body the girl’s naked, slim body and did hold her tight for nearly 2 more hours, until her parents was leaving.

”Oh my God, let us get up, let us finally piss!!” said the girl, but Peter was already horny again and started to fuck her a second time. He did never before fuck a girl with his bladder full from 24 hours and the girl on the other hand, did never before get fucked with her bladder full about to burst.

After their second climax, they had no more time to wait, they went as soon and as fast as possible to the bathroom.

The girl could no more stand upright, she walked with little steps, rubbing knees and one hand between her thighs to the bathroom. She could not prevent that some drops of wee were running down her wonderful naked legs.

Peter was walking also bent over and with one hand squeezed his penis shut to the toilet.

The girl was starting to piss before she was able to sit down. It was jetting out of her with full pressure and a loud hissing sound.

She could not stop to pee for a eternity, Peter could not wait for so long, he pissed with no end in the sink beside her.

They agreed that it was torture pure what they did, but it was the hottest sex and the greatest night they ever had and they agreed that they would do that again.

*018*2024-02-12 14:15

{{23 hours ago, Wet-Robert said:

Thank you for bringing this story to an end. The second version is much better, I could more of them. I think I would have spread her legs on the toilet and peed between her legs

}}

Thank you for your answer and for your feedback.

For me is the second version better as well.

Your idea to spread the girl’s legs and to pee between her legs is absolutely great.

To see and to hear how powerful it is jetting out between her naked thighs must be very, very hot and arousing.

To piss exactly in her pee jet would be great, or better would be to pee on the naked skin of her inner upper thighs, or maybe directly on her pissing slit!!?

