Auto Show

Author: huberp76

*000*2022-10-02 22:18

Two boys went with their girlfriends to a auto show to the capital city.

They met at 9 am and they had to go by car not even 1 hour to the show.

There were a lot of expensive cars and a lot of pretty girls who were standing in front of the cars.

The girls were all very sexy and showed a lot of their bare skin.

Some were sitting on the car in a way where they showed their panties under their ultra short skirts.

The boys were very excited from so many great cars and they were totally turned on from so many sexy girls.

”I heard that the girls are not allowed to leave the cars from begging until the end.” said one of the boys.

“Real?” said the other boy “but what will they do if they gets hungry?” he wanted to know.

”I think that will not be their biggest problem, they can eat and drink here, but what if they need to wee?”answered the friend.

“Oh yes, they can impossible bear not to wee all day long. I think they will let them go once or twice during the day.” said the boy.

”No they don’t allow them to leave, not even for to wee. I heard that they gets a good money and that the girls are willing to hold it, but that they gets very desperate near the end of the show.” said the friend.

To see that sexy girls and to imagine that they will get desperate in a few hours, aroused the boys very much.

They had both one favorite girl, both the same girl and they wanted to see move her great body from needing to wee so bad.

They did not let her out of their eyes and the boys were sure that the girl did not leave only once all that hours since they have been here.

It was late afternoon as one of the boys said “her bladder must be very full after holding it for so long. Let us look if her panties are still dry.”

They went again near to the car or better near to the girl to take a look at her panties, they have been still dry.

They did both not think about that their girls did not wee since they left their home early in the morning.

The boys peed after lunch, the girls not.

After a while the girls wanted to go home, they had enough from the cars and the girls were not really interesting for them.

The boys were a little bit disappointed because they didn’t see their favorite model desperate, but they had to go.

On the way to the car said one of the girls that she would need to the toilet before they leave.

The other girl told her that she would need to go since hours, but that toilets are not really to use here and encouraged her to wait until at home, it would last not even one hour.

Both girls had their bladder full from all the day as they did get in the car.

After about 30 minutes driving, there was a traffic accident on the motorway.

They were standing for more than two hours on the same place.

The poor girls were needing to wee so very, very bad, but had no chance to go, they could not squat in front of all the other people in the cars.

Their bladders were painful overfilled and big as a soccer ball, but they still had to hold it back.

First the boys were disappointed not to see the model desperate after holding it all day, now they had their own girls beside who did not wee since they did get up in the morning and were frantic to pee.

The girls moaned and groaned from needing to wee so bad and they made a really good pee holding show for the boys.

For the boys it was a great day until now , but how will the day end?

*002*2023-03-30 20:51

{{On 10/7/2022 at 9:40 PM, ILoveOmorashi said:

Very good story.

}}

Thank you, i am glad that you like it.

{{5 hours ago, JD0417 said:

I’d like to know how it ends

}}

I’ll think about it.

*003*2023-04-01 14:10

The boys were aroused all day long!

So many pretty girls, so many naked, smooth skin in the winter and so many sexy panties between, sexy girl thighs.

To know that the girls did not wee since they opened the show, was turning them on very much since hours.

They talked about the reason why the girls are not allowed to leave the place all day long.

Why they had to pose their sexy bodies on and beside the fancy cars from beginning until the end of the show and why they were not allowed even to go to the toilet for a much needed wee.

The boys did not know why, they did not know if it is really true, they just heard it from others, but today they observed that the girls really did not leave all the time.

Was it a part of the show, a kind of symbiosis between expensive cars and desperate pretty girls, or was it just a contract that the girls have to stay from begging until the end and therefore they were not able not pee?

The boys did notice as well that the models had to drink with customers champagne. It must have been very hard for them to drink and not to pee for so long, but they are models, they had to endure that.

It was usual that models had at outdoor photo shuttings no chance for a wee all day long, they had to have a good control of their bodily needs, especially a good bladder control.

Pee holding and the ability to hold a full bladder for hours, was a part of their job!

The boys heard that the models were sometimes getting invited for a dinner after the exhibition from the agency together with potential customers.

They get no chance to go to the toilet before and they are not allowed to leave turning the dinner.

Maybe some of the guys like it to spend time with sexy girls knowing that they must be full to burst and to see a swollen bladder in their sexy, naked bellies?

That all though the two boys and were a little bit disappointed that they could not stay longer to watch their favorite girl holding her pee, but on the other hand they were now in the car with two girls who were frantic to wee.

How much longer will they be able to suppress their strong and painful urge, how much longer will they be able to keep their panties dry? How much longer will they be trapped in the car?

*004*2023-04-03 20:20

The bladders of the two girls were very, very full.

They have not been to the toilet all day long, they did not wee since they left their home early in the morning and that is pretty long time without to pee for most of the girls.

Both of them were needing to go since noon, but big girls put it off sometimes very long before they admit that they are needing a toilet.

One of the girls wanted to go before they were leaving, but was told from the other girl to wait until at home, because of the not very clean toilets and it would anyway last just not even one hour.

Which big girl would admit that she is not able to suppress her urge for one more hour, special if the other girl said that she already needs to go since hours, but would wait until at home.

Now, because of a traffic accident, they are trapped in the car since more than two hours.

For some time the girls wailed about how how bad they would need to the loo, especially the one who wanted to go before leaving.

The other girl said that it would be already very urgently for her, but her bladder became accustomed over the time to get sometimes overfilled very much.

She said that she never use the toilet at school and if she doesn’t go home straight after school, if she goes shopping, or anywhere else, it is getting every now and then urgent like at the moment, but her bladder is good trained since she was very young.

The two boys were in “pee holding heaven “ they never before saw such a holding show so close up and they never before talked so much and so long about the pee habits and the pee needs of girls.

The extreme desperate girl had the buttons of her skirt already open to give her bladder more room to get bigger and to expand.

She was near to tears and said “ I can’t hold it much longer, i need to pee so bad that all my belly hurts.”

”I know that it can get very painful to hold it for so long, but i am sure you can endure that. We girls are good in holding, we are made to hold.”said the other.

Some men were getting out of their cars and pissed on a wall at the edge of the motorway.

” That is so unfair, why can man do that, why are we girls punished to be girls?” said the girl.

“It is getting unbearable, i nearly do it in my panties, i have to go outside as well, i squat beside the car, i don’t care who is watching me. I HAVE to pee now!” said the girl worried.

”You can’t do that!! You have to hold it no matter what!” answered the other girl.

The poor girl had one hand inside her panties. The boys could not exactly see what she was doing, but they could imagine that she had one finger deep in her slit to press hard on her peehole.

It was very arousing for them, they never would be able to make the girls hold and wait for so long, but because of the circumstances the girls were forced to hold it without to blame the boys for their suffering.

The boys were so horny about that situation, to know that the girls did not wee since so long, to know that they are full to burst with hot girl wee , horny about that they are needing to pee so bad, but can’t go how full their bladder ever will get.

”It is amazing and unbelievable what a bladder can endure if it is forced to endure it. We did not wee since 7 am and we are still holding it.” said the strong girl.

She said that in a way like she did enjoy her strong urge and her full bladder, it was like she did know it very well that the boys were getting turned on from that and it did seam that she did like to make the boys horny that way.

The desperate girl was not enjoying it, she was groaning and moaning, she was bending over and said that it hurts her so much that she think that her bladder will explode if she can’t wee very, very soon.

She was ready and willing to get out of the car for a squat, but they did not let her.

A little later the traffic started to move slowly. The “desperate” said that she is absolutely not able to wait for about 30 minutes until to the next rest stop , she would pee her panties and overflow the seats before they get there.

She was begging to take the first exit and to stop at the country road as soon as any possible.

The driver was not her boyfriend, he could not make her wait until the parking lot, he had to leave the motorway at the first opportunity.

As soon as he stopped at the road, the girl went out and pissed beside the car with a loud hissing sound.

The boys went out as well for a piss, but it was not so easy for them with a boner. To watch the girl pee so powerful and so long and all the situation before made them so hard that there was nothing coming out for longer than one minute.

Not till the girl was ready, as she pulled her panties up, the boys were able to piss.

” That must have been really necessary and very urgently!!??” said one of the boys to the girl.

” That was the worst need to pee ever in my whole life.” answered the girl and went back in the car.

The boys were already back at the car. The second girl was still sitting inside.

“What about you? “asked the now empty girl.

”My bladder is up to my belly button, but i don’t go, i keep holding it, one more hour should not be a great problem and it will be a good training for me.” answered the girl.

”You have a really strong bladder and a super good body control! How much longer would you be able to hold it?” wanted one of the boys know.

”I don’t know, but if it would be necessary, i think pretty long.” answered the girl.

”You are better than the models at the car exhibition.” said the boy and told her that the models are not allowed to leave for to pee.

After that they talked about pee holding and situations were they were needing to go but could not, were they were forced to hold it.

It was a great day for the boys, first the car show with so many pretty girls and then the pee holding show from their own girls.

If i would be the boyfriend from the full girl, i would take her home for a long and great full bladder sex!!!
