Desperation and holding videos

Author: huberp76

*000*2021-08-23 21:07

I am inspired from some imaginations about holding and wetting videos here on omorashi.

First of all, i like just videos who are really, i like to see a swollen belly or a bulging bladder and if the girl wet herself, she should do it against her will and she should pee a great amount, so that i can believe that she was needing to go really bad and that she was on, or over her limit.

If a girl is just acting that she is needing to wee, if she jump around like crazy and act a desperation, if she piss just 125 ml, that it is totally turning up for me.

I have some imaginations what i would like about this kind of videos and will write two of them.

1.,

There is a casting for a desperation and wetting video.

They look for girls who has a large and strong bladder, the girls should have a good ability to hold it and they should have enough willpower to endure a strong urge although it gets a little painful.

The guys offered a good money for this video and so there were enough girls who were ready to do it and promised that they would do their best.

They did not want to loose time to fill the girls bladders so they told them to arrive at the morning on the shooting day with already full bladders, so they told them, in reality they wanted to make the girls really, really desperate.

It should become a good video with much desperation.

The girls arrived at morning and became tested. They had to strip except they panties.

One guy pressed hard in the girls abdomen to feel the fullness of their bladders.

”There is room for much more pee!” he said “your bladders can get much bigger “and he made them drink a large glass mineral water.

One of the girls belly was swollen and her bladder was visible bulging out.

”You are a good girl, you are pretty full down there!” he said and pressed on her bladder.

”Oh yes i am full, you told me to be full, i did not wee since yesterday evening.” the girl answered.

She had to drink just a small glass mineral.

The girls were all needing to wee pretty bad, but not enough, fare away from enough, they should get frantic, that is it what the guys wanted and what the men wants to see at the video.

One of the guys said that it would be a nice spring day and so they changed their mind, they would not stay in the studio, they would go out at the fields for shooting.

They did it on purpose, they did know very well that the girls were full and that there was a lot water on the way to their already full bladders and that they would get desperate very soon.

They went to a small bus, the girls were full to burst at the time they left.

”How long are we going? We need to piss so bad, we can’t hold it much longer !” said all the girls.

”A little bit longer than one hour, that can’t be a problem for you. You told me that you have strong bladders and you are good in holding, so hold it, you are here to hold it!”said one of the guys.

I would like to see them fight against their urge and their need.

I would like to see them get out of the bus, with one hand between their thighs. They should cross their legs, bending over, but they should not be allowed to piss.

After a longer time should that girl, witch had not weed since yesterday evening, piss herself.

She should show us her bladder witch is bulging out up to her navel, she should show us her already wet panties and then i wanted to see how the strong smelly urine is running down on her naked legs.

She should press both hands between her thighs and squatting down, but she can’t stop it anymore, it’s gushing out of her endless long.

It should be a lake of pee between her legs and all others are surprised how much she was able to hold inside her and how big her bladder must have been.

The other girls gets more and more desperate, they are near their limit, but that is not enough.

The guy’s pay a great bonus for that girl who can hold it the longest.

To see the girls fight to hold it, would be absolutely great.

2.,

Some models gets casted for a bikini and underwear shooting.

The money is good and the shooting should last all day.

The girls did know that, but they did not know that they would not have only one chance to wee all day long and they did not know that the second part of the shooting would be a desperation clip.

They made shootings at different locations. Late afternoon they went to a silent place at the fields.

It was obvious that the girls were needing to wee after so many hours.

They cross their legs and do all the things what girls are doing when they need to wee.

The girls admitted the guys that they would need a toilet very urgently.

The guys tell them that there would not be any loos and that they had to hold it until they get back.

A little later the girls are begging to bring them somewhere where they could wee, because they are needing to go for so long and can’t wait much longer.

The guys tell them that there would be no time for that, because the sun would set down soon, it will only last 2 more hours and 1 hour for going home and that they will get extra money for suffering and pee holding.

I would love to see how they press their hands between their thighs on the way home and i want to see how they get out from the bus when they can no more stand upright from needing to wee so bad.

I would love to see videos where the girls really, really need to pee, where they are full to burst, where their bladders are bulging out, but no videos where they just act that they are needing to go.

