A disco visit with aftermath!

Author: huberp76

*000*2022-11-07 21:51

A group of friends went to a disco. They like to dance, they like to drink and they like girls.

Some of them like it if girls are desperate to pee and they like it to make girls desperate and make them hold a bursting full bladder as long as possible.

They are very bad and very creative therefore and they help each other to find a way to prevent girls from peeing.

Some days ago they met in a disco. One of the boys took a girl with him.

They were a little group of one girl and three boys.

The boys had the goal to fill the girl up, her bladder should be very full at the time when she is leaving the disco with her friend after midnight.

They had a great evening together, with drinking, dancing and talking.

The boys noticed later at evening that the girl was already needing to wee. They did not wanted to make it to easy for her, they wanted to prevent her to go.

They made her sit between the boys so that she would have to beg one of the boys to let her out for to pee. Girls don’t like that so much, usually they wait for a good opportunity.

The poor girl did not know that she NEVER would get a good opportunity to wee, so she did put it off and waited for a natural chance.

They made her drink a lot and it did not last very long until her urge was strong enough to overcame her shyness to want tell them that she has to pee, as soon as she started to speak, her “friend “ interrupted her, did take her by her hand and leaded her to the dance floor.

Dancing instead peeing, that was it what she had to do.

After a few dances he leaded her pack to their table.

Again she tried to speak, again he interrupted her, again she was trapped between the boys and again she had to put it off.

They all did know that the girl was already needing to wee very bad.

It was a little past midnight and it was a good time for the boy to bring his girl out of the disco before she would be able to go to the toilet, but it was not so easy, they had to organize that.

Fist one of the boys ordered a large drink for all and then a other boy went to the owner of the disco, it was a good friend of them, he told him that he should close the girls room for 15 minutes.

He did it, he wanted to help his friend to make his girl desperate, because he also loves girls desperate to pee.

They made the girl drink the extra large drink. Although she was needing to wee so bad, she did drink it, because she was sure to go to the toilet before leaving.

The boy paid and the girl excused herself for the loo after she drank the large glass empty.

The girl came back totally worried after just two minutes and told them that the girls room is closed for some reason.

”I think that will not be a problem for you, you are a big girl, sure you can hold it until at home.” said one of the boys gloating.

The girl was near to tears, she was needing to wee since hours, it was nearly unbearable for her, but she had to go with her bursting full bladder to her friends car.

After a few minutes she said “I need to wee so bad that it hurts.”

”I am really sorry that the “girls” were closed, but like my friend said, you are a big girl, you can hold it back and wait until you are at home.” said the boy.

“I was needing to wee nearly all evening long, but i did not go only once, i really can’t hold it much longer.” the girl answered.

”Sure you can, big girls can always hold it!” said the boy.

He did not even think about to bring her home very soon. He did drive up on a little mountain with her , to a quiet place.

He laid down his seats and laid down the girl too, he started to kiss her, he pulled her skirt down over her legs and caressed her thighs up to her little panties.

It was not totally dark in the car, the moonlight was shining through the windows and so he could see how the girls bladder curved out of her belly.

To see that and to think that she is holding all that many drinks from all evening inside her, made him totally horny.

He was sliding tender over her swollen belly and could feel that her bladder was hard as a rock.

How much must that hurt, how painful must that be for her, to hold so much pee inside, he thought.

The last, large drink was still on the way and forced her bladder to stretch and to get bigger.

15 minutes later she was frantic to pee, but he did not stop to kiss her and rubbing his body at her body, especially his hard penis on her bulging bladder.

Just as he wanted start to fuck her she said “sorry, but i can’t anymore, i piss your car if i don’t get out.”

She opened the door, jumped out, pushed her panties down under her knees, squatted and pissed full force with high pressure.

It was bursting out of her, her urine squirted over one meter far.

She had nothing to wipe her slit dry!

Her girl slit, her ass and her thighs were wet from her pee, but the boy was so horny that he fucked her, wet as she was, he fucked her very hard and very long.

On the way home she said “sorry i never before squatted beside a car and not at all before sex, but i was needing to wee so bad and so painful since so long, since so many hours, my bladder was hurting so much that i thought it must be the absolutely limit before it burst i absolutely could not bear it anymore.”

”Amazing how much you peed, your bladder must be extra large, i never before saw a girl peeing so powerful and so much, your bladder must have been really full to burst.” said the boy.

Next day called his friends and they were disappointed that he didn’t have a full bladder sex with her.

Maybe that they made her drink to much?

