Kiosk Girls can’t go all day long!

Author: huberp76

*000*2020-10-06 20:52

Sometimes ago, i have been at evening at a food kiosk for something to eat and to drink.

In the kiosk was a really beautiful girl working.

She did wear a extra short jeans shorts, her amazing legs were nude and crossed.

Is she needing to wee, i thought to myself.

Must not be, girls are standing sometimes with their legs crossed if they have to stand for a long time.

After a while was a young man coming to my stand table.

He noticed that i was always looking at the girl.

”She is pretty!” he said and smiled.

”Oh yeah, she is pretty and her legs are great.” I answered.

“Just one more hour, then her job is done for today, it’s not easy for her, sometimes she has to suffer a lot.” said the man.

”Yes, she must be tired, not being able to sit for hours.” I answered.

”Yes, that too, but look how she is standing with her legs tight crossed, i am sure that she is needing to wee since hours.

She can’t go all her shift long.” he said.

I was hard et the moment, to know that her amazing legs were crossed, because she was needing to wee so bad.

”How long does her shift last?” I wanted to know.

”From 7 am to 7 pm.” he answered.

”OMG , her bladder must be XXL.” i said.

”What is she doing if she can’t hold it anymore?” I wanted to know.

He told me that he asked her the same Question some weeks ago and she said that she can do nothing than to hold it back, how bad it ever gets, she can’t leave the kiosk.

It would not be the same each day, sometimes she would need to wee before noon and she has to hold it so many hours longer until evening , that is torture, she told him.

To talk about that, to see her crossed legs and to know that she did not pee since 13 hours, made me nearly cum.

She told him that it would be more easy for boys, they can piss in a bottle if nobody is there.

Some girls do that too, they pee in a bucket or in a jug, if they are full and can’t hold it anymore.

They are dressed for doing it, short skirt and no panties.

She did not do that at all, he said, but twice as he did come near to the end of her shift, she was needing to wee so really, really bad that she begged him to watch over her kiosk for 5 minutes so that she could go to the toilet.

Since that evening i have been many times at this kiosk, of course late at evening, to talk with her about her bladder and her need to wee and to see her wonderful legs crossed and her thighs pressed together.

For me could her shift last until 10 pm!!!

*002*2020-11-01 21:30

{{On 10/31/2020 at 1:21 AM, HoldingPrinces said:

She is a heroine

}}

Yes, i agree with you, she is a heroine.

It must be terrible for a girl to go to work early in the morning and to know that she can’t wee until evening, no matter how bad it ever would ever get, she had to hold it.

I know that it is bad, but to see this girl at the evening standing with her legs tight crossed, to know why she is doing it and to think that she is holding the urine from all the day in her bladder, would be total arousing for me.

