Party Favors

Author: HideNGo

*000*2025-09-27 16:02

Wrote this over the course of 3 days.

In here, you’ll find some male and female desperation, sink pissing, and, what may be a deal-breaker for some of you, a transgender character. Dead Dove and all that.

I got carried away with the introduction so Ctrl+F to the asterisks if you’re just here for the piss without backstory or niche video game stuff.

Finally, everyone in this story is legal drinking age At least, but also unless I state otherwise (which I do not), assume everybody in this story is Black.

###

It happened at a party. I had no idea who threw it, or what he was celebrating; there were about 7 degrees of “friend of a friend” between the two of us. I just knew he was loaded, and that’s because he threw a whole-ass mansion party. And frankly, I wasn’t there to know that; I was initially playing designated driver for my one actual friend, but then 7 or 8 other friends of friends tagged along. I still wouldn’t have been here without 1) everyone except my actual friend paying me $40 for my services, and 2) the knowledge that there would be a running game of Smash Bros. going on in one of his home theaters.

Yes, “one of.” Mansion party, remember?

In any case, that home theater is where I’d been since about 5PM- it was advertised as “dusk till dawn,” and the sun was starting to set earlier and rise later. The first two hours we played for fun– items on, wild stages with hazards and transformations, and general chaos. Not the way I preferred to play, but I wasn’t about to complain that the Party Game was being played in Party Game Mode for the people who wanted to game at the party. Then one rich asshole of a tryhard complained about items, and Serious Mode engaged.

That led to money matches, then an impromptu tournament that involved a drinking game. You would take a sip of your drink when you KO’d someone, two if you were the person who got KO’d, three if you KO’d yourself by jumping offstage, and then finish the glass when you lost your last life. I was staying sober, though– just water or juice– so once I started sweeping the competition, my sip tax was doubled and I had to finish my drink alongside my victims (when) I was the one who got the last KO off them.

I won every game I played.

******

Which is why, around midnight, I found myself on a line 30 deep, wondering why such a huge mansion was built with so few bathrooms. It wasn’t looking good for me, but I kept a cool facade. Just some foot tapping, light pacing, longing glances out the door to the backyard, at the start. I did offer my thanks to whatever deity was listening when half the line people ahead of me started leaving the line, likely in hopes of finding either another bathroom or a dark enough corner– hopefully of the backyard, for the sake of the housekeeping crew. Less wait for me.

It took another 15 minutes till I was next in line, but that’s when I heard a low, smoky kind of voice a few paces behind me.

“Excuse me, can we please cut in front of you? She’s really about to bust and I don’t want her to be chancing it outside.”

The speaker was a tall, dark-skinned black woman, with a sturdy frame, shoulder-length locs, and perfectly contoured makeup. She was wearing a wide, knee-length jean skirt and a red top that matched her platform heels and showed off respectable cleavage. Beside her was a short woman, maybe five foot even. A shade or two lighter in skin tone, but a lot curvier. Her bright orange romper– matched exactly to her lipstick, eye shadow, and the streaks dyed into her ‘fro– would have been tight, if she hadn’t partly unzipped the back already in preparation to take the whole thing off. She was also clearly drunk, and about to burst into tears and more.

The five or so folks behind me showed pity and let the women ahead of them, but when the tall woman posed her question to me, I refused.

“Really sorry, but I’m dying over here, and I’ve been waiting way too long.”

It was unfortunate for her friend, but all the compassion in the world couldn’t convince me to let someone ahead of me, sexy voice be damned.

“Let me come in with you then, please!” The drunk woman begged, wiggling and pacing back and forth. “I’ll take the tub or the sink or something, I just have to pee now!”

“I’m not exactly big on other people being in the bathroom with me-”

Just then the door opened, the previous inhabitant leaving, and the drunk chick rushed in before me.

I stopped the door before she could close it, and when she couldn’t overpower me, she just went in further.

I followed to kick her out, but she somehow already had her romper down, showing off the straps of an orange bra. Her thumbs hooked into the waistband of her matching thong as she eyed the sink. It was just wide enough for her to sit on– a miracle given how much ass she was carrying– but her legs were way too short to get her up there. And this was a water closet in the truest sense; just enough space for a toilet and a sink. The two of us were barely one step away from each other.

She looked at me guiltily, then plopped herself onto the toilet.

Her friend, who had been blocking everyone else’s line of sight to the room, tried to tug me out, but I resisted and she ended up pulling herself in instead. She shut the door, trapping me in with the short woman pissing up a storm.

The sound was too much for me to deal with. I’d been waiting too long, and the bit of exertion I’d just done was enough to start pushing me past the brink. I was eyeing the sink now– only a couple inches below my waist.

“Fuck it.” I unzipped, nudged the tall one closer to her friend and took up position at the sink.

I’m not usually this bold, especially around women, but I was too angry and indignant and desperate to care about them seeing my junk. And it looked like Short Chick was too relieved to even bother making a fuss, even when I flopped it right out practically right next to her face. I didn’t even bother with the fly, just went straight over my underwear, tiptoed just a little to clear the rim, and finally, finally started to pee.

It hurt, at first. My bladder had been at its elastic limit, and wasn’t happy about that. I turned my back to both ladies, disgruntled and a little embarrassed, as my bladder started to deflate. I tuned out whatever conversation was going on behind me, until I felt a tap on my shoulder.

The taller woman spoke. “You mind letting me in there?”

I turned to see her bunching up her skirt in her left hand, revealing a wet spot on her underwear. She tried to scooch in closer to the sink, using her right hand to tug at the left leg of her boy shorts and pulling it over to reveal an impressive bush.

Not impressive as in plentiful– well, it did cover a lot of real estate, but she kept it well-groomed, even if she didn’t shave very low. No, what was impressive about it was that I was able to register its presence before that of her penis.

Time flinched. My brain went into overdrive, and I really looked at her. Strong jawline, wide frame, height, musculature; all of her features were within female expectation, but none of them were average. Not that I go around transvestigating folks, but I doubt most people would have put it together if not for the visual evidence. Her half-hard dick swung from her groin dripping, barely holding back a flood, as she ineffectively hip-checked me.

The look in her eyes wasn’t just the stress and imagined embarrassment that would come with pissing herself, either: it was true fear. I was bigger than her, obviously stronger, we were in close quarters– of course she’d be terrified of what I could say or do to her, what someone who looks like me likely already has. But there she was, exposing herself to me, not out of trust, but because her desperation temporarily overrode her sense of self-preservation.

“Move, damn it!” She yelled again, when the space-time continuum finally caught up to my thoughts.

She bumped into me again, and I hustled closer to the (thankfully closed) door to make room for her as she rested her cock and balls on the edge of the sink – something she wouldn’t have been able to do if her heels were any shorter– and started relieving herself with gusto.

I’d been drinking mostly water, so before this point, the liquid collecting in the basin was only the palest hint of amber. Her piss was the fluorescent yellow of someone who was serious about taking their vitamins. The sound of splashing indicated that between the two of us, the sink was filling faster than it could drain. I tried slowing down, but that just sent a shock of pain through my groin. All it did was make my body push harder, and I gritted my teeth and prayed the sink wouldn’t overflow.

Twenty seconds of awkward silence, other than the sound of water and moans. Short Chick blasting the toilet water, my urine mingling in the sink with Tall Woman’s as she hummed in bliss. I was still nowhere near spent, and she looked like she was just getting started, too.

Soon, Short Chick let out one more high-pressure burst before she ran dry. Problem was, with the lack of space in the room, she couldn’t go anywhere, so she sat back down. It was about then that I hit some kind of halfway point, and all the relief I should have been feeling caught up to me at once.

I could finally take a deep breath without feeling like my kidneys were being stabbed, and I couldn’t help the sigh that followed.

I kept my attention on the sink, lest I give my new friend a nonconsensual golden shower, and couldn’t help but notice Tall Woman’s dick was fairly close to mine. It was pretty, I had to admit. Purely in an aesthetic sense.

It was visibly growing harder, too, and I guess my own cock decided to when-in-Rome it, because so was mine. I thankfully bit back a first comment about size comparison, but that just let a different intrusive thought find its way out. I looked Tall Woman in the eye and said what was guaranteed to be either the best or the worst thing I possibly could.

“Nice cock!” Just like the meme.

Thankfully, it got her laughing, so that went over about as well as it could. Unfortunately, her chortling served to strengthen her stream, which alongside her dick jumping up and down, made her overshoot the bowl and hit the wall behind the sink a few times. She grabbed herself at the tip and aimed properly at the drain, this time. The tension was broken, at least, and the silence became companionable.

She lasted another twenty seconds, but I was still going. She turned on the faucet and splashed a bit of water on her tip to clean it, then tried to step away. She had to be one hell of a grower, the amount of trouble she was having putting herself away.

“Just point it up. Hide it in your waistband.”

She follows my directions, unzipping the back of her skirt to poke her tip up, then untucking her blouse to cover it.

“Thanks.”

“Finally!” The other woman, still on the toilet with nowhere to go, complained. “If I have to sit here with a dick next to my head, at least it’s one I can actually suck.”

“Shut up, Avi,” D scoffed. But she did get on my other side, forcing me a bit closer to the toilet.

“Make that offer when you’re sober,” I tell Avi, “and I’ll take you up on it. But I have to ask, what suckability metrics are you using? Because… I mean, I’ve never sucked a dick before, but if I had to pick my first, hers looks like a pretty decent option.”

“Aw, thank you,” D purred. “But as far as her personal suckability metrics, I’m not considered on account of our last name not being Lannister.”

“Ah. Sisters.” There goes the foot in my mouth.

“Twins. Fraternal, obviously.”

“My question for you,” Avi continued, “is how the hell you’re still pissing.”

By this point it had been more than a minute, bordering on two, and I had just started slowing down.

“I spent the last 3 hours fleecing drunk, rich assholes who think they know how to play Smash Bros. Made a drinking game out of it and everything, but because I’m on a sober night I had to drink, like, triple what everyone else did.”

“Was it worth it?” D asked.

“I have two and a half months’ rent in my pocket right now, and another five in Zelles.”

D whistled.

My stream finally started to die off, and I was spent just shy of a third minute. I, too, decided to clean off with a splash of water, and started adjusting myself as well.

“How about one lick before you put it away?” Abi asked, cheekily.

“Like I said. I’m a sober or no-ber kind of guy. I prefer– require– my partners to be of sound mind so they know exactly what I’m doing to them.”

We took turns washing our hands, and I respectfully faced a corner so D could help Avi back into her romper. We left the bathroom together, and I pointedly ignored the folks who were behind me on line.

“I’m Devonja, by the way,” she says, as we just kind of walk to nowhere. “Apostrophe v, z-h, accent on the e.”

I take a second to put that all together: D’vonzhé.

“Tayrell,” I introduce myself. “With a y, two l’s, no punctuation. Now I can stop calling you ‘Tall Woman’ in my head. What do I call you, Drunk Chick? Or is Avi good?”

“Yeah, but my full name is O-verne, if you’re curious,” she says. “Starts with Au, ends with -gne.”

“That’s in France, right?”

Avi nodded. “Our parents spent their honeymoon touring the country, roughly nine months before we were born. Though calling one of us ‘Paris’ would have been tacky.”

“We found out before she quite understood what it meant. Retroactive horror.”

“So your parents named you after a–” I turned to D’vonzhé, then quickly backpedaled. “I probably shouldn’t ask that, huh?”

“Gevaudan,” she answered anyway. “As in ‘the beast of.’ I just moved some sounds around and changed the spelling to get my name. Which, by the way: ‘Tall Woman?’ That’s all you’ve got for me, after what we’ve been through?”

“It’s what stands out about you the most.”

“So if I was still bricked, you’d have been calling me Dick Girl or something?”

“For one, I’ve spent enough time on Tumblr to know that that would be offensive, thank you very much. Second, “If Avi got lost, it would not be helpful if I described her as ‘that chick with huge areolae’ would it?”

Avi looked affronted at that, but D’vonzhé just laughed.

“Tumblr? Really? I’m surprised you’d admit that.”

“Hard to keep embarrassing secrets from someone I shared a pissing sink with. You’re even the one who brought up the idea of you being bricked. Which, by the way, I have a distinct feeling that you still are.”

She blushes, but doesn’t deny it. “I didn’t expect you to be so cool about… me.”

“I admit part of it is me still processing, but society already gives you guys a lot of trouble over trying to use the bathroom. I don’t want to be a part of that. Honestly, if I you being…” I pause when I notice more people around us, “like that was something I learned in a less… immediate way, I guess? I would have said a whole lot more dumb shit by now. Not, like, bigoted– at least I hope not– just shoving my foot further and further down my throat. Kinda like now, actually.”

We stopped walking once we reached the stairs to the basement, the blaring music and thumping bass escaping quarantine whenever someone opened the door.

“You wanna dance for a bit?” Avi asked.

“I wouldn’t be good company down there. Sensitive ears.”

“Aw…”

“I’ll probably be back in the game room, next time you want a break. If there’s any new folks I might be able to get a whole year’s rent.”

Avi gave me a drunken hug, her head bumping into my belly. “See ya round, I hope.”

“Here till dawn.”

She heads down the stairs, but D’vonzhé lingers.

“Thanks again for being so cool about everything,” she said.

“You don’t have to thank me. I’m just… being decent. Not even that good at it.”

“Decent has been pretty hard to find, in my experience.”

“Oh. Sorry to hear that.”

“See, that’s what I mean.” She shot me a devious smirk. “I’ll come find you next time I need to take a piss.”

I chuckled at that. “Sure.”

I thought she was kidding, at the time.

