No wee for a waitress!

Author: huberp76

*000*2023-09-13 21:13

Late at the evening was a young man sitting at the bar of a “bar & coffee shop”in a large shopping mall.

The waitress was pretty young, not even 19 and very sexy, but a little bit slutty.

She did wear a super short skirt and did show a lot of her long, sexy, bare legs.

If she was bending over to serf, you could see her little panties.

She was attracted to the young, smart, handsome man and did dream a little bit to have sex with him.

The guy on the other hand was aroused as well about the girl and about her great and sexy body. He did dream about to fuck that sexy body.

The girl was working alone in the shop and was very busy. She had to prepare the drink and the coffees and she had to serve them.

The guy had a good eye for girls who needs to wee wee and he was sure that the young waitress was needing to go really bad.

When ever she made coffee, she was standing with tight crossed legs in front of the machine.

The imagination that this young, slim girl was needing to wee, but had to hold it, made him absolutely horny.

He started to think about her situation, there is no toilet in the bar, she is working alone, she can’t leave the shop!

How long is she working, when did she wee the last time, how long is she needing to go?

All that made him very horny and made him want to fuck her.

”How long are you working today?” he asked.

”Until at 10 pm, that means one and a half hours.” she answered.

”And then, what are you doing afterwards?” he wanted to know.

”Nothing important, i am going home.” she replied.

The girl was very excited, she did hope so bad that he would ask her and that he would invite her. In reality she hoped, that he would fuck her.

”Are we going for a drink?” he asked and smiled.

”Not for a drink, i have enough from drinks for today.” she answered.

”Then to my home?” he asked and smiled again.

”That is a much better idea!” answered the girl and smiled back.

They did both know very well what they will do at his home.

After one and a half hours of leg crossing and pee holding, for the girl, she closed her shop.

On the way to the car she said “Before we leave i have to go to the toilet, i am needing that so very, very bad.”

”Oh no, you will not go, you will wait until we are at home, you are a big girl, you can hold it!” said the man and did take her by her hand and went with her to his car.

”That is torture what you are doing to me, i need to piss so bad, i was so busy, i had no chance to go all day long.” she said and walked with him, with small steps and rubbing knees to the parking lot.

In the car the guy started to talk with the girl about her need and about her pee habits and about her abilities to hold it. He wanted to turn him self on that way.

”Do you every day nearly wet your panties at the end of your shift?” he wanted to know.

”No, not every day, but sometimes it is getting really hard on long shifts.

You can’t imagine how it feels need to wee very bad and to know that you have no chance to go for hours longer.

On and off when there is no other way, when my bladder is near to burst, i use a champagne bucket for to piss, but today i had not a chance for that, i did not wee since early in the morning.” she answered.

@@continue

*002*2023-09-15 09:16

{{7 hours ago, Amogus69420 said:

Is this written by ai or did you just google translate it

}}

Neither nor. Sorry, my English is not better, it is not my native language.

*004*2023-09-15 22:23

{{11 hours ago, Denial said:

Sure, it has the feel of something translated, but IMHO, the passion of the author shines through regardless, much more than AI or translations seem to capture. I think hubertp has made his own unique style - and I'm saying that as someone who is normally very strict on good English, and who reads all the Omo themed stories I can, and as someone who is a big fan of AI. Again, very fair question, since it does look like a translation or AI, but also no need for hubertp to say sorry, because the feelings/vibe comes across very well. Having tried, I think AI can emulate his style, to continue in the same vein, but it has no idea what its doing, but the real hubertp clearly knows what he likes and what many of us also like. 🙂

}}

Thank you for your statement and for your support.

Yes, i think that i made my on style during the time i wrote stories. It is a style what results from a compromise to express my ideas and my imaginations and my ability because of my bad English.

I absolutely agree with you, there is a big difference between me and AI, i really know what i like and i would be glad if there would be many of you, who would like that too what i write, but all that situation here makes me unsure.

*005*2023-09-16 21:30

„That is really great, that you did not wee since early in the morning!“ said the guy.

“You mean that is really bad and not really great!?“ asked the girl.

“No i correctly mean great, because i love it if girls are strong and i like it if they are able to control their bodily needs and their bladder.

Mostly girls are weak and have to go to the toilet every few hours, but your holding performance is really good!

Your urge must be very strong and your bladder must be very full, after holding it for so long!!??“ answered the young man.

“Oh yes, my bladder is full to burst and you are absolutely right, i need to wee so bad, that i nearly do it in my panties, but you did not let me go before leaving, therefore i have to suffer now.“replied the girl.

She was sitting with knees pressed together and her hands between her thighs until they arrived.

As soon as they were in his home, she was standing with her legs crossed and said „Tell me quickly, where is your toilet?“

“The second door on the left, but you will not go now!!

I show you first my sleeping room and then my bathroom. First love and then wee!“ said the guy.

“That is not fair, i need to wee so bad, since so long, let me wee first.“ was the girl begging.

“Oh no, you are a strong girl, you can hold it, i love it if you girls have a full bladder, because you girls fuck much better when you are needing to wee.“answered the man and did lead her in his sleeping room.

„Sadist!!“ said the girl and went with him, because she wanted to get fucked.

They did strip very fast and were lying in the bed.

“Let me wee before. Please i need to go so bad.“ was the girl begging again.

Her bladder was visible bulging out from her flat, slim belly.

“No! No wee for you! Your body is so absolutely gorgeous, your body is made for love and it is also made for to get tortured.

You would be the queen and the heroine in every sadomasochistic club, especially in a omorashi sadomasochistic club.“ said the man and pressed softly on the girls bulging bladder.

“Oh no, don’t squeeze my bladder, i did not wee since 16 hours. Let me go, or fuck me, i can’t wait any longer.“ whined the girl.

“I absolutely love to fuck you, but i love long foreplays and your full bladder will be my favorite sex toy!!!“ answered the guy and started to caress and massage her swollen abdomen.

*006*2023-09-18 20:56

The guy has still his hand on the girls swollen belly, exactly on her bulging bladder.

”You are really very full down there, it’s amazing how much wee you can hold back, in young, slim body.” said the man.

”It is a shame that i have to rape my poor bladder, to hold so much wee until it gets big and hard as a soccer ball.” answered the girl.

”Let me to the toilet, let me wee, i have to let it out so urgently.“she was begging again.

”No, absolutely no! You are a big girl, you can hold it!

You will be my “sadomasochist - omorashi queen” for this night.” said the guy and pressed hard on the girls bladder.

”I don’t know what that mean what you are saying, but i know that i will piss in your bed if you push and press my bladder like that.” said the girl.

”Oh no, you want do that, you don’t wet my bed, you are my strong “holding queen”. replied the guy and massaged the girl bladder strongly.

The poor girl moaned, whined and squirmed from her unbearable need to wee.

The guy was getting nearly crazy, because the girls bladder, which was bulging out from her super slim abdomen and because of her strong need to wee.

”Since how long do you need to go?” he asked , full of relish.

”If i would not have worked, i would have gone at noon, a second time late at afternoon and a third time late at evening, but now i have not gone even once, i did not wee since early morning.

I am needing to wee all afternoon. You can’t imagine how it feels need to go and to know that you don’t get a chance until the end of the shift, hours later.

That evening it was especially bad, i could not wait until closing that i could finally go to the toilet, but you evil sadist, did not let me.” answered the girl.

”You are such a good, sexy girl, you nearly drive me crazy with your super body and your super strong bladder.” said the guy, pressed with one hand on her girls bladder and pushed one finger of his other hand, deep in the girls slit.

The girl did suffer a unbelievable urge to pee, but on the other hand she was more horny, than ever before. She wanted to get fucked at the moment, from that handsome, young man, but the guy had time and wanted enjoy the girls desperation to pee.

“Does boys like it if a girl is needing to wee but can’t go?“ she asked.

“Why are you asking?“ wanted the man know.

“Because once i was standing, with my legs crossed and a boy said gloatingly „ does someone need to wee?“ It did seam that he did love it that i was needing to wee, but could not go, i was sure that it was turning him on and that he did enjoy it.“ answered the girl.

”I can’t understand it , normally the boys wants to fuck the girls, but you like it more to torture me.“said the girl.

”I love both, one after the other, or both together.” answered the man and laid his body on the girls body.

He lifted his legs so that he pressed with all his weight on the girls abdomen and on her bladder.

“I can’t stand that up, i can’t endure it, let me go to the toilet, before we do it.“ she was begging.

„Never ever! You girls are so sexy, when you are desperate to pee. I think all girls should have their bladder full to burst, when they get fucked.“ he said and started to fuck her extra hard.

A little later, she admitted that it was the best sex and her violently orgasm she ever had.

She wanted more of that and was ready to overfill her bladder for a good sex.

The guy on the other hand did know, there will be a girl in a bar, who has a very full bladder at the end of her shift and that she will not go to the toilet before she comes home with him.

*007*2023-10-08 11:13

After that, for both very exciting and extreme satisfying sex experience, was Peter, so was the name of the boy, visiting the waitress, Carmen was her name up and on at the bar.

He already knew that there were always 2 persons working at the shop, most Carmen together with a young guy.

It was easy possible that one of them went to the toilet if it was necessary.

Just on day, it was Wednesday, had Carmen work for her own, at her shift. No opportunity to go to the toilet, no chance to wee, for her.

Peter loved it to know that the young, slutty waitress had a very full bladder in her slim abdomen, at the end of her shift and that she had no chance to go until she closed.

One day he was very horny and he had a great desire for a desperate girl and for his luck, it was Wednesday, he decided to visit Carmen.

It was 8 pm as he arrived at the bar. “How are you?” asked Peter.

”Except that i need to wee, very good!” answered Carmen.

“Did you not use the champagne bucket?” asked Peter, full of horniness.

”No, i had no chance to use it. I did not piss all day long!! My bladder is like you like a girls bladder, very, very full and hard and big as a soccer ball!” answered Carmen.

“That is great, then i think that we will have a lot of fun tonight with your big bladder and your little cunt!” answered Peter.

”Oh yes, i think that we will have a lot of fun! This silly thing in my belly torture me so many times, nearly every Wednesday, it should get punished for that.

Squeeze it!! Push and press on it, from inside and from outside, don’t have mercy with a girls full bladder, torture it!!!“ answered Carmen, knowing very well that she turns Peter on very much with that words and knowing very well that she would get fucked more harder, as more Peter gets horny.

*008*2023-10-10 19:29

Peter had to wait for nearly 2 hours until Carmen was closing and then more than a half an hour until she would lie in his large bed.

On the other hand, he did like it that Carmen had to suppress her increasing, already strong urge to wee for hours longer.

He did use the time to watch the girl how she was crossing her sexy legs when she was standing behind of the coffee machine, he could watch how she was rubbing her knees when she was serving the drinks and sometimes he could see her little panties when she was bending over to put the drinks on the table.

Her skirt was more than short and her legs were pretty long.

Peter thought that she is showing her panties on purpose, because she is a dirty, little slut.

She should get punished for that, that horny, young body is made for to get fucked and it is made for to get tortured!

Peter did like it to see how she was fighting against her strong pee urge and it was turning him on very much.

“Why does it make me so horny if a pretty girl is needing to wee, why is it so arousing for me if a girl is holding a very full bladder in her belly and why is it turning me on so much if a girl did not wee, can’t wee, is not allowed to wee, for a very long period of time?“ he asked himself.

He did not find an answer for his own questions, but he did know that it was always so, since he can remember was his penis getting bone hard, when a girl was needing to wee, but could not go.

Peeing is so normal, all girls in the whole world need to do it, mostly several times during a day and nevertheless can it get so much turning on.

It is turning on so much to see a girl squatting and to watch the wee jetting out between her thighs, straight from the little hole inside her slit and to hear it hissing with high pressure.

Pee holding is usual and normal as well, there are so many girls around the world, who are desperate just at this moment.

They are desperate, because they could not go for a long time, they had not a chance, they are desperate, because they have to hold it although their bladders are already full to explode.

Peter love that kind of situations!

He don’t need any technical appliances, he need just a girl, her body and her naturally bodily needs, for to get his maximal horniness.

It happens totally naturally and automatically, the girls bladder gets more and more full and if she don’t get a chance to wee, she will get more and more desperate.

Peter did always try to make girls hold and wait, he did always try to give them no chance to wee and to make them hold as long as possible.

Now he had a totally new situation, he did not have to make the girl hold, Carmen had to hold it for her own, she has no opportunity to go to the toilet, she is forced to hold it all her shift, no matter how full she is and how bad she would need to go.

Just a half an hour before closing time, came Carmen to Peter, crossed her sexy, naked, girl legs and said “ i need to wee so bad, i think my pee will soon come out of my ears.

My bladder is so full, i can’t hold it much longer.”

”I will show you that night how long you will able to hold it!!” answered Peter and push on her bladder.

*009*2023-11-13 21:30

To hear that Carmen was needing to wee since early afternoon, was Peter turning on very much.

He was in „ girl desperation heaven!!“

Since he can remember he became very horny if a girl was needing to wee, but could not go, or did not go for a long time.

It was always a dream for Peter to find a girl who is willing to holding her wee for him, a girl who don’t go to the toilet if she would need to go, not even then when she is needing to go very urgently.

He dreamed about that and now it became reality, he had a girl, into bargain a very strong and very sexy girl.

Carmen was needing to pee already very urgently, but she was common to deal with a very full bladder and it was common for her to suppress her bodily needs for hours and hours.

It was a part of her Job, to hold her urine during her entire shift and sometimes longer, but it was new for her that she did not use the very first opportunity to take a much needed piss and it was new for her that she was holding it for purpose, for a sadistic guy.

After closing, she changed her clothes. She was standing in front of Peter, just with her tiny panties on her super slim body.

Her panties were dry, but her bladder was light bulging out of her thin abdomen, not very much, but visible to see for an expert like Peter.

He was so horny, he wanted to fuck her so bad right there, but he forced himself to resist, because he wanted more, more from this night and more from that girl, she would have to endure more!

She pulled a tight T-shirt on, no bra, she did not need one, because she was skinny and her tits were firm , but not really large.

Then a super short skirt. It was very tight around her waist, because of her swollen belly.

“That pressure from outside on my bladder, makes me nearly crazy, let me piss just a few seconds in my „security“champagne bucket.“ she was begging.

„Oh no, not even one single drop will get out of there.“ said Peter and pressed softly on her very full bladder.

Carmen moaned was bending over and crossed her legs.

She was a good girl, she obeyed, she did not pee and went with rubbing knees to Peters car.

Skinny Carmen, looked a little bit slutty, with her super short skirt and her legs naked nearly up to her little, firm ass.

She was very sexy and a dream for every boy who loves skinny girls.

She was animate to get fucked and for Peter she was animate to get tortured as well.

Carmen was sitting beside Peter, he was so horny, he was squeezing and kneading her slim thighs very hard, he was sliding up and down at her smooth , nude thighs from her knees to her panties and could not think any other than at her overfilled bladder.

”This skinny body and this tight cunt, should get fucked day and night and her horny, big bladder should get overfilled until it gets big as a pumpkin.”though Peter to himself and could not resist to press on her firm bladder and to push one finger deep in her slit.

”Oh no, don’t do that, i need to wee so very, very bad without your pressing, i can’t bear up any longer, i’ll piss my panties, if you push on my belly.” she said and pressed her knees so hard together, that all her body was shaking and trembling.

”Oh my poor pee girly is needing to wee so bad!!” he said and smiled sadistic.

“Is it really that bad? Tell me how bad? Does it hurt you, is it painful? Very painful? Will you be able to hold it back until tomorrow?”asked Peter.

He did no more know what he was talking, it was just horniness what was coming out of his mouth.

