Pee holding Punishment

Author: huberp76

*000*2020-08-29 21:05

Once, my girlfriend and me met a young couple at a music event.

We did not know each other before, but we spendet some nice hours together, so that we did agree to meet again.

At our third meeting, we spendet all afternoon together, we decided that we go to the cinema at evening.

Her friend and my girl friend went to the bathroom at the cinema before we went in.

The girl and me were waiting outside.

“Don’t you not need to go? You have not been all day?“ i asked the girl.

“Sure i would need to go, but i am not allowed!“ she answered.

“What does that mean, you are not allowed?“ i wanted to know.

“That is complicated, we have our special rules. If i do something wrong, i get punished and my punishing is that i am not allowed to wee.“ she told me.

To know that this girl was needing to wee, but was not allowed to go, made me total horny.

“How long , are you not allowed to wee,how long to you have to hold it „ i wanted to know.

“That is depending from how „bad „ i have been. One day, sometimes longer.“ she answered.

Then my girl and her friend were coming back to us and we stopped our talk.

We went for to buy some drinks before we went in.

Her friend did buy a large soda for her and i did not why, but he did not know that i did know it.

She had to drink it for more punishing for her and for her bladder.

Two hours later, after the film, the boy said that we should go for a drink.

His girl wanted to go home, it would be to late, she said.

I did know why, it was not to late for her, but she was to full for to drink some more.

She must have been bursting, she did not pee all day, she was needing to wee before the cinema and then she had to drink this large soda.

She was begging to go home, but her friend said „just one drink.“

He wanted to punish her more, she must have been very naughty!!?

He wanted to torture her bladder and i did know that and i did love it.

My girl did not know anything about that and so she said „one drink would be okay.“

The other girl looked at me, was rolling her eyes and crossed her legs.

We went for a drink and her friend ordered again a large cocktail for her.

I think one of their rules was no wee for her, another rule that she had to drink all that what he ordered and i think that she was not allowed to talk about her needs.

She had to hide it, but she was needing to wee so bad that she could not hide it anymore.

My girlfriend did not notice something, but i could see it on her moves, that she was needing to wee really, really bad.

I could see that her belly was swollen and her bladder was bulging out.

She was full to explode, but she did drink it all and she did hold it in.

She was trained to hold it.

Unbelievable what some girls are able to endure.

After some more meetings, we did talk about This evening, about their kind of punishing and about their rules.

*003*2020-08-30 08:56

{{9 hours ago, LifeIsStrange said:

If this is a real life story, then it should really go in the Wetting Experiences section.

}}

She did not wet her self.

She had to hold it, how bad it ever would get.

Needing to pee but not allowed to go, that was her punishment.

Her bladder had to stretch, but her panties had to stay dry!

{{2 hours ago, Bulge_Lover said:

It's not.

}}

You are right, it is not 100% reality.

It is mixed, reality and imagination.

