Carpool

Author: herrokitty

*000*2021-09-26 00:47

This is the other idea for @ed2 about a work carpool with someone who refuses to use the bathroom at work.

I moved halfway across the country to take on a job as a teacher. I was coming from a toxic family situation, with abusive parents that I was stuck living with despite having a college degree. To get away, I applied blindly to jobs across the country and got hired as an English teacher at a school 10 hours away and several states over from where I was raised. It was perfect for me, and the school was a high poverty school unable to keep its teachers so they were willing to look past the degree mismatch and get me a temporary license. They even promised to help pay for me to get the correct license so I could become a permanent teacher.

The only problem with moving halfway across the country with no possessions to your name is not having a clue how to navigate the new city. The public transportation wasn’t great and I didn’t have a car. I showed up to the first day of training while still living out of an AirBNB. I got lucky again, then, that a coworker took pity on me and allowed me to rent the second bedroom in her apartment, which was currently vacant. She was also an English teacher, named Emma. Emma was a quiet, soft-spoken brunette who seemed to keep to herself but had respect from the other teachers. She herself had been teaching for only a few years and was of a similar age to me, in our mid-20’s. The fact that her old roommate had moved out of their two bedroom apartment and she was kind enough to let me move in after knowing me for two whole days AND drive me to and from work was nothing short of a blessing.

Fast forward a couple weeks, and I had met my first students and gotten classes settled down to a rhythm. I was naturally pretty good at getting along with students, especially since with my experiences I could understand some of the more troubled kids. It was a bit of a culture shock to see how little down time there was in teaching - I had one free period that was not nearly enough to get lesson planning or grading done, and I barely had time to eat lunch or even use the bathroom. But I made do and was happy with how my first year of teaching was going. Emma and I were fast friends. I did start to notice that first month how when she drove me home the first thing she did after getting home was to use the bathroom. One day, I worked up the courage to joke about it after she got out of the bathroom. “Wow, I think you go to the bathroom right after we get home every day. Must be nice to have a bladder that works like clockwork.”

She laughed, fortunately. “It’s not so much clockwork as it is that I never use the bathroom at school.”

“Oh… Any particular reason why?”

“There’s just never time, there’s always something I could be working on instead, and plus our school doesn’t have staff bathrooms and I just can’t pee around the students. I don’t know, something psychologically stops me.”

“That’s fair. I can sympathize with the no time. It’s been eye opening how much work teaching is!”

With that, we went back to talking about teaching and I didn’t bring up the bathroom conversation again for a while.

About three weeks later there was an incident. Emma was the advisor to the Gay Straight Alliance, so on Thursdays, she stayed at school even later. I spent the time in my classroom getting work done - while I was interested in also supporting GSA, as a first year teacher I was just focused on getting my instructional work done and didn’t have time for clubs. So, an hour after the school day ended, I finally met with Emma in her classroom where she was packing. She was wearing a tucked in blue blouse and a form fitting pencil skirt, which showed off her curves in a way that her wardrobe rarely accentuated.

She usually looked a bit mousy and frankly, like an English teacher trying not to attract any attention to her body, but I couldn’t help but check her out today. I also noticed she was fidgeting, her feet tapping and legs crossed when she was standing still by her desk, collecting work to bring home. She didn’t see me come in, her back to me, and she even froze for a second and bent over, her hands in her crotch. I could see the outline of her full cut panties from behind. I coughed lightly to announce my presence.

She turned around, seemingly surprised. “Oh! Didn’t hear you come in.”

“Just got here, how did GSA go?”

“Good, they want to start a campaign to change the dress code to be more inclusive of non-binary and trans students.”

“I’m definitely down. Besides, I don’t think I’ve ever enforced the dress code, I’m too busy trying to be a teacher.”

“You and me both.”

She grabbed her bags and walked out the room, me following. She lowered her voice. “I also have never had to pee this bad before.”

I raised my eyebrows. “You gonna make it? You wanna stop? There’s no students anymore, the bathroom’s clear.”

She shook her head. “I’ll make it, just a fifteen minute drive.”

We got to her car. She bounced on her feet for a second in desperation. “Umm… Could you drive? I don’t think I can drive and hold it.”

I nodded and we got in the car. She immediately crossed her legs tightly in her skirt, holding the seat belt away from her waist so it didn’t dig in. The drive home was relatively uneventful, but I had to work hard to concentrate as I could see Emma’s discomfort in my peripheral vision. She winced every time we braked as the contents of her bladder pressed forward. Her foot tapped the whole way as her legs stayed tightly crossed. She kept her eyes closed for the latter half of the drive, rocking back and forth a little.

We finally got to her apartment and I parked on the street. Fortunately for her, there was parking directly in front of the apartment. She immediately got the door open when I had the car in park and swung her legs out of the car. As she got out I got a good look at her butt and could see a small wet patch - she must have leaked while in the car! I looked down and saw a damp splotch the size of a doorknob. Well, I thought, it was her car to clean up, not mine.

As I got out and followed her to the door, I couldn’t help but be fascinated with the wet spot. I had spent my time with Emma studiously not trying to objectify her as both my roommate and coworker, especially since she had also essentially saved me from homelessness. However, the skirt accentuated curves that she didn’t usually show off and that plus the wet spot awoken something in me. I felt… attracted to her desperation. I did not want to deal with the ramifications of that thought and tried to push it down, but the feeling came roaring back when I saw a trickle at her ankles as it went below the skirt and saw a couple wet spots on the concrete as she got the front door open. I followed her up the stairs, little droplets every few steps, until we got to our apartment door on the second floor. She had the keys ready and immediately got the door open.

She kicked off her heels, which seemed to have mostly escaped too much damage, and began speedwalking to the bathroom. It seemed with her shoes off and this close to relief she could no longer hold it as the wet spot on the back grew and expanded downward and I could see rivulets along her legs below the hem. A wet trail led from the front door to the bathroom and as she turned around to shut the door I could see a wet spot the size of a dinner plate on the front of her skirt, too. We locked eyes for a moment before the door got closed and I realized she could see I was aroused by the situation. Both our faces reddened with embarrassment and I hurried to my room to avoid acknowledging the situation. I later heard her flush and begin to do the laundry - we didn’t mention that incident again that night and the next few days continued our commuting and roommate routine pretending I hadn’t witnessed an accident and she hadn’t witnessed my attraction to her.

The next incident I witnessed was a small one. There was a staff meeting just for first year teachers in order to ensure expectations were understood. Emma was clearly annoyed at the idea of waiting around (and I could imagine why) so I told her to head home and I could order a cab. She agreed to head home but insisted on coming back to pick me up to save me the money, which I did appreciate.

When I was done with the meeting, I went out to the lot and saw Emma’s car. I waved her down and stepped in and was immediately greeted with the smell of urine. I looked down and saw nothing on Emma’s pants but then saw she was sitting on a blanket. I cocked an eyebrow at her. Emma noticed and admitted what happened. “Sorry, I didn’t make it home and peed driving home. I changed but all I could do for the car was throw down a towel. I’m sorry about the smell.”

“Please, no worries. You’re doing me a favor for picking me up.”

I secretly wished I had witnessed this accident, but nothing of note happened for two months. This particular day, Emma was wearing a blue blouse and tan khakis. She openly tapped her feet and bounced between leaning on her left leg vs. her right leg as she waited for me to pack up. As a first year teacher I was supremely disorganized and took longer than her to gather my stuff most days. This particular day though her desperate dancing was more frantic than usual.

I didn’t think too much about it, though, as I followed her to her car. Clear pantylines showed she was wearing full cut panties. As she got in, I saw the khakis really showed a clear cameltoe as they rode up when she sat down. Despite her desperate state, she drove as she did most days and we exited the parking lot. When we stopped at stoplights, she tapped her left foot as her right foot remained on the brakes, but I didn’t notice anything too out of the ordinary for the first half of the trip. When we crossed a bridge to the side of town we lived in, though, I glanced down (likely to subconsciously admire that cameltoe) and saw a small wet spot aligning with her cameltoe. After that, I couldn’t stop glancing down.

At the next red light, I saw her crotch glisten as the spot grew from the size of a quarter to half a dollar bill. As she accelerated away, it glistened again slightly. She remained silent, eyes on the road, but I wondered if she saw me staring. A couple blocks later, as she braked for a stop sign, I saw the wet spot grow to the size of a fist, now going halfway up her khakis’ zipper and beginning to creep down her thighs. A few minutes after that, we entered our neighborhood and I saw the wet spot was the size of a dinner plate.

As we pulled closer to the apartment, her desperation must have skyrocketed due to the closeness and I heard a hissing as she totally lost control. I looked down and saw the spot growing and growing, going down to her knees and pooling at her crotch before disappearing into her seat. She still didn’t look at me or look down as she focused on the road like a responsible person. She parallel parked the car as her stream died down, her khakis soaked. As she put it in park, I realized two issues. One, now she definitely saw me staring, and two, I was in no position to get out of the car due to my obvious arousal.

She was blushing bright red from embarrassment due to her accident but her expression turned to one that was more quizzical as she saw my staring and then looked down and saw… well. It was obvious, too, in my dress pants. She broke the awkward silence. “Um… You ready to get out of the car?”

I had to confess. “Well, erm, about that.”

She chuckled. “I can see your problem, so there’s no hiding it anyway.”

It was my turn to be embarrassed. “I’m sorry, I just…”

I trailed off, not able to come up with an excuse. She filled in the silence. “Are you attracted to me or to the fact I just wet myself?”

I stammered, “Umm… I think, uh… both?”

“Good enough for me. Honestly, it makes me feel better about this.”

That gave me enough confidence to lean in for a kiss, which she reciprocated. Already more aroused than I had been in months, we made out with a passion before we relocated into the apartment to be more comfortable. We immediately threw ourselves onto the couch, her lying on top of me as we continued to make out. I could feel her wet pants get my pants wet and didn’t care as she grinded on my erection. The lack of previous action, validation of my fetish, and her grabbing my bulge through my pants as we made out was too much for me and I suddenly came in my pants, causing a wet spot to spread on my own crotch.

She felt my orgasm and got up to admire the mess. “Well, looks like we both had accidents now.”

I felt a little better about my early release and we continued to make out. I eventually undid her pants and revealed white full cut panties, fully soaked and discolored yellow. I fingered her to orgasm through her wet panties before she headed off to shower and change.

After that, Emma and I decided not to date but would hook up on occasion. She initiated it, coming over to my room every other week or so. Despite the sexual turn, I didn’t witness an accident for the rest of the semester. I certainly was not complaining, though, and would often visualize her accident when we had sex.

In February, it felt like we reached another milestone. On this particular cold day she was wearing light green khakis. Her coat was short so I had a full view of her ass as we walked to her car. Her butt seemed different… and then I realized that in addition to the pantylines of another pair of full cut panties, she was clearly clenching her ass tightly shut. I smirked a little, knowing she was desperate. She got in the driver’s seat though and acted like nothing was wrong, though she didn’t hold much conversation. I asked her how her day was and she gave terse one word answers, saying her day was good and the kids were fine.

We got stopped at a particularly long red light and I saw Emma close her eyes in stress as a bead of sweat formed on her forehead. She leaned forward a little, perhaps from an upset stomach. Eventually, we took off as the light turned green, Emma a little harder on the throttle than usual. As we braked for the next turn, Emma involuntarily let out an airy fart. I pretended not to acknowledge it and we kept driving in silence, though Emma rolled down her window a little despite the cold outside. As we neared our apartment, she let out another fart and this one sounded messier. I thought I heard a little crackle at the end and an earthy smell permeated the car. She hurriedly parked the car and got out. I took my time so I could see her ass as she got out and saw just a hint of a bulge poking out.

As she got out of the car and stood up, though, it expanded quickly to the size of maybe half a clementine before pausing again. I followed her up the steps, mesmerized by the small bulge as she walked, before seeing it expand yet again as she got the door open. I held it open and followed her up the steps. It grew slightly with each step and I saw a wet patch form too, smaller than a fist but unmistakable. By the time we arrived at the door, the bulge was the size of an orange and totally obvious. She unlocked the door and we walked in. She turned to glance at me and I saw her crotch had a fist sized wet spot as well. She was blushing bright red but I blushed as well as she looked down and saw I not only didn’t mind seeing her accident but enjoyed it as well. She gave a half smile, seemingly comforted a tad by that, but didn’t say a word as she went to the bathroom to clean up. We didn’t speak about that moment again for a long time.

*001*2021-11-01 01:00

I was working on a part 2 for this story at the same time as the other but it's been slower going, but here it is. Messing warning.

We continued to hang out and hook up, though I didn’t witness any more accidents until the end of the school year. I of course enjoyed our arrangement but I was just grateful to be friends with her - we worked out as roommates, I had a place to stay, and she was a great mentor for my first year of teaching. My own career was going well and I was adjusting in large part thanks to her advice. But that’s not what this story’s about. So fast forwarding, the next accident I saw was the day after the school year ended for the kids. Of course us teachers have more days of work, so on this day we were finalizing our grades and cleaning our rooms.

The nice thing about it being a work day without the students meant we could wear casual clothing. I was wearing jeans and a t-shirt, but given the hot summer day, Emma was wearing a t-shirt and green shorts. I had finished clearing my classroom out since I had very little equipment as an English teacher, so for the second half of the day I just finalized grades on my laptop. Emma was cleaning out Mia’s room - Mia was a friend and science teacher who had to end her school year early, so Emma volunteered to close out her classroom. I worked in Mia’s room during the second half of the day while Emma cleaned - my presumption was then whenever Emma was done we could just leave immediately.

Emma seemed a little surprised to see me and soon after I saw why. She was cataloguing all of Mia’s lab equipment as she stored it, making sure she didn’t lose any and knowing what the science department would have to request for next year. As she stood on her toes to reach the upper cupboards, I could see her butt clench and I wondered if she had to go already. Fortunately, today wasn’t a day with students so maybe she hadn’t planned her drinks and diet around holding it until we got home.

An hour later, as she walked around me to put away some flasks, I saw a small wet spot on the crotch of her green shorts. I definitely glanced a few times, not quite as efficient at grading as I was before. I wondered if Emma noticed. About fifteen minutes later, I saw her storing some microscopes in a cabinet below. As she bent over to reach, I could see her repeatedly clench and unclench her butt, her panty lines clearly visible. When she turned around, I saw her wet spot was slightly larger. She then went to the other side of the room and reached up to take down some decorative lights. I gave up being subtle and turned to look. As she reached up, I saw a stream go down her left leg, clearly having spurted at the effort. As she got a grip on the lights and pulled them down, I also saw the smallest of bulges begin to appear.

This was accompanied by a renewed stream. By the time she had let the lights down, you could just tell she was losing control of her bowels and the wet spot was visible from the front and back. However, she continued like nothing was happening and I pulled up my computer so she wouldn’t see me checking her out. By the time she got out the cleaning supplies to wipe down her desks, the wet spot was the size of a dinner plate in the front and her legs glistened, sometimes the stream renewing. She especially let out spurts when she bent over to scrub a particularly dirty part of the desk, usually some leftover pencil scribbles from students. She eventually arrived at the desk closest to me and turned around so her butt faced me. She bent over a little to scrub out some drawing a student left behind and I watched as if under a spell as her now golf ball sized bulge grew slowly, accompanied by more urine rolling down her legs.

She left small puddles all over the floor, but I guess she wasn’t focused on cleaning the floor yet. She moved to the whiteboard, the bulge now the size of an orange. As she sprayed and wiped down the whiteboard, I saw the bulge keep growing. I couldn’t believe the load she had been holding back. By the time she was done, it was definitely larger than an orange and pushed her green shorts back, with the lower half of her shorts soaked. She finally turned to me, her face a mixture of curiosity and embarrassment. I think she was curious about the effect her slow loss of control had on me, and her answer was quickly visible to her. She smirked at the sight of my crotch and walked over to me. I set aside my laptop, all thoughts of getting work done gone.

She unzipped and unbuttoned her shorts and let them fall to the ground, revealing grey full cut panties. They had a darkened wet patch halfway up. She went to lock the door, revealing a sizeable load and a wet spot halfway up her ass, the bulge large enough to pull her underwear away from her legs. I could see in the side profile a hint of her mess due to the gap. She locked the door and came back, wordlessly unzipping my pants. She then unzipped her own shorts and took them off, revealing her grey full cut panties with the dark wet stain halfway up the front. She got on her knees and I could see over her back and the bulge clearly in the seat of her panties, with the wetness on her backside also about halfway up. The sight was too much for me and it took probably less than a minute before I came in her mouth.

We were still for a moment, me taking in the sights and smells of her accidents, before she finally got up and slipped her shorts back on. I admired her ass with its clear bulge as she went to the door and peeked her head out to see if the coast was clear. I walked up to her and pulled her back from the door, pressing her load against my crotch. She didn’t resist and I locked the door before slipping my hand in her shorts and fingering her until she came. She did her best to cum quietly as I felt another spurt in my fingers, the wet fabric and the bulge pressing against me causing me to cum again, this time in my pants.

Eventually, we finally did pack up and made our escape, Emma waiting until we got home to clean up her mess. That was the last time in several months I would see her have an accident, and we did spend summer hanging out and occasionally hooking up, but especially since there was no work to keep her away from the bathroom, I didn’t witness any accidents or real desperation.

Her science teacher friend Mia, however, did spend the summer hanging out with us as well, as she and Emma were best of friends. Mia was a fit blonde who also coached our girls’ volleyball team. While Emma came across a bit mousy and was an intellectually oriented person - a nerd, the kids might say - Mia’s background in education was more athletic. She ran every day and kept in great shape. I even once heard a student said they saw her legs once and were scared of her because of how toned they were. I didn’t witness any accidents from Mia that summer, either, but I wondered if Emma talked to her at all about my predilection.

That’s because Mia would regularly announce loudly when she needed to pee, or would bounce back and forth while she waited right in front of me. I sometimes felt she was looking to see if I was staring as she crossed her legs on the way to the bathroom… Occasionally, she would announce she would need to pee but wouldn’t go for another half hour as she bounced her legs and even potty danced in front of me. I admit I did often stare and I think she noticed, as well. I would have to wait until the next school year to witness the first accident from Mia, though.

*003*2021-12-04 16:02

I wanted to finish this one as well. It moves away from the carpooling plot a bit, there's only one bit about commuting, but there's messing and sexual content, as a warning.

Next school year, I came in much more confident as a teacher. I knew exactly how I wanted to set up my classroom and I had my lesson ideas figured out for much of the semester. The first week of the year, though, is before students come in and time for us to get work done and set up our classrooms. With some veteran teachers retiring or taking jobs elsewhere, Emma was now moved beside the rest of the English department on the 2nd floor, while Mia was still on the 1st floor with me. Emma grumbled about having to set up a new room, but truth was there were advantages to all the English teachers being beside each other, both from their planning standpoint and from a student standpoint of finding their classrooms.

One other advantage of having the 2nd floor was the staff meetings were always there, which means us 1st floor teachers always had to go up stairs for every meeting. And EVERY setup day started with meetings, which was extremely annoying to all of us. On the second to last day of our planning week, Mia and I sat next to each other during the meeting in the back. Mia had come in just in time to not be late to work and was chugging a coffee. Since no students were in, we could be casual and she was wearing a t-shirt and black athletic shorts that showed off her muscular thighs. During the meeting, I was pretty checked out and kept glancing over at Mia, who was crossing and uncrossing her legs. Given how defined her legs were, it was clear when she squeezed them tightly. She had to pee, there was no doubt in my eyes.

In fact, during a lull in the meeting, she leaned over and whispered to me, “I have to pee so bad… I didn’t get to go before leaving the house.”

I chuckled. “And you chugged a coffee just now… You gonna make it?”

She gave me a wink. “Who knows…”

I wondered again if she was toying with me… What did Emma tell her! I was embarrassed at first, but if Mia did know she certainly seemed to enjoy playing with my lust so she couldn’t be too grossed out by me.

Under the table, her feet were swinging as she pressed her legs together. She seemed to purposely touch my leg multiple times, drawing attention to her desperation. At one point, she saw me glance over then bent forward, shoving one hand into her crotch. I wasn’t sure how much of it was real at this point and how much of it was to get my attention, but she definitely had it. The rest of the table, fortunately, was busy looking ahead at our principal as she droned on about some BS goal on standardized tests for the year.

Finally, the meeting ended and Mia began packing up. I started putting away my laptop in my messenger bag, taking my time to allow a certain embarrassing bulge to subside before standing up in front of my coworkers. Mia was taking her time, too. Eventually, we were some of the last ones out of the room and Mia made a beeline to the elevator. The elevator, since we were only 2 floors, was rarely taken. It only existed for moving equipment and for the occasional student who needed it. It was extremely slow and in any logical situation Mia would just use the 2nd floor bathrooms then head to her classroom. It was clear she both knew about me and was inviting me into her game.

I walked up to her. “Why the elevator?”

“I was working out last night and I’m too sore for these steps…”

She wasn’t too sore to cross her legs and bounce on the spot as we waited for the elevator, though. She had one hand in her shorts pocket, seemingly holding herself via her pocket. This pulled down her shorts a little and I saw a glimpse of her blue panties. By the time the elevator arrived and we got in, I was obviously erect through my jeans watching Mia’s show and she knew it. We both awkwardly walked in and faced the doors, me grateful no one else was around. Mia stood in front of me and bent over, both hands now in her crotch. She pressed the 1st floor button then backed into me, her ass rubbing against my jeans.

She could feel how erect I was so I made my move and dipped my hand inside the waistband of her elastic shorts. I began fingering her as she ground next to me and I could feel her panties were already wet. As the elevator began moving, I felt spurts start coming out of her and could see and hear it go down her legs. The situation was so risque and thrilling that in less-than-a-minute it took the slow elevator to go one floor, we both came, now a sizeable wet spot on my jeans from that and her shorts. A puddle was clearly in the middle of the elevator. Fortunately, no one was outside the elevator when we stepped out, and we snuck into her classroom.

She locked the door and took off her shorts, showing her wet blue full-cut panties. She hoisted herself up and sat above one of her lab sinks and let go, letting me see her pee through her panties. She beckoned me over and when she finished peeing she started taking off my jeans and boxers. I was aroused again already, and I turned her around, bent her over her lab tables, and we had sex right there in her classroom, me pushing her wet panties aside. I knew I wouldn’t last long in this situation so I fingered her clitoris again too to make sure she came quickly. We both dragged each other across the finish line again in her room, both trying to be quiet in case anyone was in the halls.

After we were finished, we put on our wet clothes and sat in silence for a bit, satisfied, before we spent the rest of the morning setting up her room. By the time I had to go to my classroom to finish setting up mine, our clothes were dry enough to sneak off. But that interaction sealed the deal on Mia and I, with us hooking up on occasion. Both Mia and Emma weren’t seeking relationships and seemed readily willing to share me as an easy hook-up partner, which I had no complaints about. But it would be a while before there was another accident from either of them.

In fact, the next accident I saw was from a coworker I wasn’t that close with, Ms. Kelly. The dark-haired math teacher was wearing a white top and cream colored pants. The pants were interesting, common among teachers, because they were relatively loose and comfortable but didn’t look like sweatpants. They seemed to be tied together with a bow or thread of some kind instead of a belt. Even though they were relatively loose, though, the fabric was thin and I could see the outline of Ms. Kelly’s thong clearly. I wondered how many students checked her out…

I noticed her outfit during the day, but I didn’t think anything of it until the end. Ms. Kelly worked overload, which meant she taught more classes and didn’t have as many free periods as the rest of us (though she got paid more for the extra work). Her only break was actually in the morning, lunch aside. This particular day had a staff meeting after, the bane of teachers’ existence, so given her schedule it didn’t surprise me that as I stepped out of my classroom I saw her walk past me going, “Hi, good to see you, gotta run - gotta pee before the meeting.”

She speed-walked past me, and I checked her out as she walked down the hall - her thong clearly visible and her ass jiggling in the thin pants. I thought they seemed a bit tense as well…

I enjoyed the sight but got back to business as I locked up my classroom and headed to the stairs. Much to my surprise, though, when I got there I bumped into Ms. Kelly again. She was rushing past me to the stairs. “Excuse me, sorry! Let me get past you, the janitor’s cleaning the bathroom, I gotta use the upstairs one.”

I was more than happy to let her go ahead of me. I walked up the stairs and picked up the pace so I could, frankly, stare at her ass. As she went up the stairs, I could already see a coin-sized wet spot on her crotch, though one wouldn’t be able to see directly from behind or in front. I could only see since I was looking straight up. As we went up the second set of stairs, though, I saw the spot expand and glisten. In fact, I saw her ass clench as she stopped the spurt, but I was shocked to see a bump suddenly appear, accentuated by the steps she took on the stairs.

Whenever she was mid-stride, I could see it, and I realized what it was - she was turtleheading and a turd was lodged in her cheeks, pushing aside her thong. I couldn’t believe what I was seeing. Given her thong, if that fully came out or was cut off, it would fall right down her pants legs… As we got to the top of the stairs, I could see it had grown and now the bulge was fully visible even when her legs were together. I could see the outline of the thong pushed to the left and the knobbly head of her load, with the wet spot big enough I could see it even when I was level with her, it going up her ass about two inches. Fortunately for her, the women’s bathroom was right next to the stairs and she barged in.

I couldn’t believe what I saw but had to go to my meeting, so I kept moving. I saw Ms. Kelly walk in about 5 minutes late, but no one paid her any mind as she found a seat in the back. I didn’t get a chance to check her out again until after the meeting, where she slipped out as quickly and quietly as she could. I walked out soon after, and I was soon not far behind her as we both headed back to the stairwell. I could see she was still wearing her thong and I could see the faint outline of the wet spot, only a little damp now. I thought I could see a brownish stain the size of of a fist as well, but it was faint. That was the last I saw of that and Ms. Kelly and I didn’t talk much so I never saw anything else from her again.

The next accident I saw was quite a while into that semester. Mia was the volleyball coach and it was towards the end of the season. This particular practice session, Mia had the girls working out rather than playing, and to encourage them she was working out with them. I had to stay late to finish grading, so I saw them after they had changed into athletic wear before going for a run. Mia was wearing a tank top and black leggings. As I saw the team leave the building, I could see Mia’s leggings rode up and had given her a massive cameltoe. I wondered if she was wearing any underwear underneath…

Later, after I had finished my work and was heading out, I could see the team return from their run. Mia was leading the way, and as she got closer I could see her cameltoe still visible but now surrounded by a wet patch, the darker black visible in the bright sunlight. She opened the door and used it to block her body as she let in the students. She announced to them, “Alright, get changed and then you can head out, we’ll end practice early today so you can rest. See you tomorrow!”

The girls on the team entered one by one. I hung back - Mia and I were friends, so I had reason to wait to talk and walk her out. When the last girls were in, Mia let the door close and as it swung away, I saw the spot had now grown to the size of a fist. She saw me looking and smirked. “I was so afraid of peeing my pants in front of my students. In front of you, though…”

She moved over to the grass and immediately let go. I could see the glistening on her black leggings as wetness raced down her legs. I saw streams begin to fall directly to the ground as she peed in earnest, escaping from the large cameltoe. She winked at me as she saw I was enjoying the show. When she was done, her black leggings were wet front and back top to bottom. She gingerly stepped out of the grass, gave me a kiss on the cheek, then headed to her car and I was left to head home and take care of my own business.

The last story I have was from the second semester of that year. After that year, I got a job at a different school so I was no longer hanging out with Mia and Emma all the time, but the last time I saw them have an accident was a memorable one.

It was a Friday and Mia was planning to come by after school to hang out. We were going to, just the three of us, make dinner and have drinks at home. Emma had picked Mia up in the morning, so Mia could get a ride with us back home and we didn’t need two separate cars. After work, Emma and I joined Mia in her room. Mia took the longest in cleaning up since there was equipment and other unique challenges to running a science classroom.

Emma was wearing a green blouse and khaki pants - like most of her pants combined with her underwear choice and body shape, I could easily see the outline of her panties and had to stop myself from looking. Mia was wearing tight black jeans (which was allowed on Fridays) and a school sweater.

Emma and I stood by the door as we waited for Mia to finish cleaning up. Emma was tapping her foot, unsurprisingly. After a minute, she said, “Let’s hurry up Mia I gotta poop.”

Mia laughed. “Oh we’re finally comfortable enough to admit when we have to poop huh? No worries, I’m almost done.”

True to her word, a couple minutes later and we were headed into Emma’s car. Emma groaned and bent over, clutching her stomach. “Mia… Can you drive?”

“Sure.”

I sat in the back as Emma sat in the passenger seat. Emma was jiggling her legs and even grabbed her crotch and crossed her legs a couple times. I also could smell the occasional fart, though no one acknowledged it. We all knew the culprit.

Halfway there, Mia piped up. “You know, I didn’t get a chance to go today either.”

I perked up. “Oh?”

“Yeah, today was super busy. Kids were asking me for help on missing assignments during all my free time.”

Emma bent over in her seat a little. “Not helping…”

A silence fell for a few minutes as Mia kept driving. That silence was broken, though, by a more audible fart than before. Emma’s ears burned red. Mia said, “Oh, that’s how you feel?”

Then Mia lifted her butt and let out her own fart and started laughing hysterically. That made Emma a little less stressed. She still had her hands in her crotch and was bent over in her seat, though.

By the time we got home, Emma couldn’t sit still. She was rocking back and forth, wiggling her legs, and switching which leg was crossed over. Before Mia even put the car in park, Emma swung the door open. I grabbed Emma’s bag so she could head straight to the door and I saw she already had a wet spot appearing on her khaki pants, which hid nothing. As she opened the apartment front door, too, I saw a bulge begin to appear. I followed her to the door and held it open for Mia, who didn’t have a key. By the time Mia got in and I got through the next set of doors, Emma was halfway up the stairs. I raced up the stairs so I wouldn’t miss the show and saw the wet spot was now halfway down her thighs and the bulge was the size of a clementine, clearly visible within her visible pantylines.

By the time Emma unlocked our apartment door, it was clear it was too late. She stepped inside the apartment and just finished peeing on our hardwood floor, the darkened wetness racing down her legs. An audible crackling was heard as she finished messing herself and the bulge grew significantly. Mia and I waited for her to finish as she was blocking the door.

We watched as Emma finished with her accident. She turned around, red-faced with embarrassment, before backing away from the door so we could enter. Mia locked the door behind us and Emma turned to rush to the bathroom. “Not so fast!” Mia shouted.

Emma froze and turned around. Mia pointed to me. “You can’t clean up until he’s taken care of.”

I was surprised and a little uncomfortable at Mia ordering Emma to “take care” of me, but my arousal was visible for both to see and Emma’s facial expression showed she was actually interested in the idea.

Emma sat me down on a couch and took off her shirt and bra first before taking off her pants, showing off white panties now stained yellow in the front and with a sizeable bulge and brown stain in the back. She took off my pants, teasing me for a bit before she pulled her panties aside and rode me in that chair, her ass facing me. Mia sat on a sofa chair and watched, interested, her hand in her now unzipped jeans. The feeling of Emma’s wet panties and crotch on me and her bulge was beyond anything I had experienced before and very quickly I warned Emma I was going to cum. She got off my dick and put it in her mouth as I came.

After a momentary pause, Emma went to get cleaned up and changed and I sat on the couch by Mia, who was extremely turned on by the whole event. She made out with me on the couch until Emma came back. When Emma got back, though, Mia quickly jumped off the couch and made for the bathroom. Emma stopped her. “I didn’t clean up until I took care of him. You’ve excited him again and now are gonna leave him? You don’t get to go until you take care of him.”

I was bemused at the both of them talking about me like an inanimate thing but I didn’t object to their game. Mia nodded in agreement and turned back to me. She took off my pants and took off her pants and shirt, too, showing off a white thong and matching bra. She unhooked her bra and placed my face in her breasts for a moment before getting down on her knees and blowing me. Despite having cum earlier, I was already extremely horny. Soon, Mia escalated to riding me as well, laying me down on the couch and being on top. I could see Emma was fingering herself, their roles swapped. I tried to hold on as I felt the first spurt escape Mia. Mia moaned, then whispered in my ear, “I haven’t gone since 7 AM. I’ve been holding it all day…”

Those words sent me over the edge and as I came, Mia let go and peed all over. Her thong was soaked as she finally got off me and she winked at me. “You’re cleaning this up.”

I had no complaints after what I experienced. Mia went to change and soon the rest of the evening went on like we were just friends who hadn’t just engaged in lewd activities. Emma had planned to cook, and she did just that and we ate dinner and talked before breaking out some beers.

As we got drunker, Mia got up to make an announcement. “I have a proposal.”

Emma and I raised our beers. “Let’s hear it.”

“We should… have a holding contest. I held it all day. I’m confident in my chances.”

Emma retorted, “I never go during the day, I can definitely beat you. Especially now that I don’t have to go.”

I had to step in. “Ladies… You have BOTH gone since we got home. If we started now, it would not be a fair competition. I say we see how long we can go tomorrow from the moment we wake up.”

Emma nodded. “That’s fair.”

Mia thought about it. “Hmm… I usually wake up having to go, though.”

Emma said, “Same, so it’s equal.”

I added, “I usually do, too. That’s why it’ll be a fair competition.”

Mia agreed to it, finally. With that planned out, we went back to talking about other things, like Mia’s hatred for her family, our favorite and least favorite students, Emma’s hometown, MY hometown, etc. We got so drunk that Emma and Mia invited me to Emma’s bed, but we didn’t do anything except cuddle due to our inebriation.

I woke up with not too bad a hangover. It took me a moment to realize I was between Emma and Mia. Both were in just their underwear - Mia in a pair of Emma’s blue boyshorts and Emma in plain white cotton panties. I got out of bed, just in my boxer briefs. As I stood up, Mia pulled on my underwear to get my attention. I turned around and she sleepily said, “Remember, no bathrooms.”

I chuckled, enjoying the continuation of the bit and glad it wasn’t just a drunken empty promise. I went to go make coffee and breakfast - eggs and toast - while Emma and Mia were still in bed. As I was finishing, both ladies came out of the bedroom and joined me in the kitchen, Emma yawning while Mia rubbed the sleep out of her eyes. Both were still just in their underwear.

I laid out the breakfast in front of them. Mia hungrily drank her coffee first, needing to wake up. Emma joked, “Careful now… that’s not going to help our competition.”

Mia replied, “I’d rather lose the competition than not go without coffee. Besides, you drink coffee every day too.”

Emma sipped hers more daintily. “Sure. But you chugged yours.”

I was in Emma’s camp. Whenever I drank coffee, a timer began before the inevitable. I sipped it alongside my eggs and toast. Regardless, by the time we were all done with breakfast, all of us had finished our coffees as well.

All three of us sat on the couch as I turned on the TV, but we weren’t really paying attention to it. Each woman was on either side of me and I put my arms around them and they both laid their heads against me, which was nice. Even though we weren’t dating, it was nice to have such a physical relationship with both in addition to the friendship since I had moved from another part of the country and had no connections here. However, the cuddling was constantly interrupted by one of us shifting positions. I was jiggling my legs while Emma kept changing which leg was crossed over. Mia had her hands in her crotch with her legs to her side on the couch. I asked, “So, on a scale of 1-10, how badly do y’all need to go?”

Mia answered first. “Definitely like an 8. I usually pee first thing in the morning. I think the coffee’s waking up my intestines, too…”

Emma nodded. “8 sounds right. What about you?”

I definitely felt a strong need to go. “Hmm… 8 sounds right. Maybe a 9, honestly.”

Emma replied, “Maybe you’ll finally stop pervving on us and watching us have accidents and have one yourself!”

Mia jumped in on the ribbing. “Yeah, it would be karma. In fact…”

Mia began to tickle me. I was very ticklish and began squirming and falling out of the couch. Emma helped pin me down as Mia tickled me but instead of peeing, what escaped from me was a fart.

They paused for a second before Emma and Mia started laughing, rolling on the floor. I heard a gasp though and looked up to see Mia thrusting her hands into the blue boyshorts she was wearing. She removed her hands slowly to reveal a wet spot as wide as two fingers right where a faint cameltoe was visible. Emma started laughing again and I said, “Now THAT’s karma.”

Mia playingly punched me and grabbed a seat beside me. Emma was feeling confident now that both Mia and I had begun to embarrass ourselves. She declared, “We should up the challenge. Let’s do some stretches or warmups or something.”

Mia laughed. “You sure? You never do anything athletic, that’s my expertise.”

Emma said, “Perfect, you can lead us.”

Mia agreed to the challenge. “Okay. Follow my lead.”

Mia had us stretch first, which was easy enough until she had us try to touch our toes. I intentionally didn’t try very hard, knowing I’d easily lose it if I did. Emma, however, took it seriously and I heard a clear fart from my right. Mia laughed. “You sure you want me to keep going?”

Emma said, “I got this. You’re the one with the wet spot.”

Mia took that as a challenge and moved us to a quick warmup. After some chest expansions, she had us do half jacks. That was torture, feeling my bladder bounce as I spread my legs and jumped. I felt a wet spot blossom on my boxer briefs and expand as we tried to do 20. When we finished, Emma looked over and smirked at me. I glanced down and saw her briefs were clean. Mia, on the other hand, had her wet spot grow significantly, now covering her whole cameltoe and more, large enough to reach her legs.

Emma said, “I think I’m winning this. By some arguments, you both lost already.”

Mia and I looked at each other and silently agreed to take Emma down a notch. We tackled her to the couch and in her surprise, I saw a clear wet spot appear on Emma’s white panties, the spot very yellow and followed soon by an initial bulge as Emma farted and the head of her load pushed out. Emma squirmed to get out but we held her down, laughing. Emma’s squirming didn’t help her as she let out another spurt. Finally, we let her up.

Emma jumped out of the couch. “Well, that’s not fair!”

I countered, “You two tickled me earlier.”

Emma said, “So Mia’s the only one we haven’t singled out?”

I shrugged and Mia started to back away. Emma and I grabbed her arms, looking to pin her down and Emma wanted to try to tickle her, but Mia was stronger than both of us and escaped our grip. She raced to the stairs, but the effort of escaping us and running was too much and she bent down and froze. A bulge began to form in the seat of her pants and rivulets soon followed, as the loss of bowel control led to her bladder letting go as well. Streams raced down her legs and formed a puddle on the hardwood floor as her blue boyshorts expanded to make room. There was a faint staining but the load was solid and didn’t smell too bad.

Emma triumphantly declared, “You lose!”

Mia turned around and pointed to me. “You better avenge me, Emma’s too cocky.”

I said, “No promises, after coffee pooping is always inevitable…”

Emma said, “No you’re right, I feel bad. I owe you something.”

Much to my surprise, the usually mild Emma was on a bold tear today, and she then went up behind Mia and reached down to her panties. She began to lightly finger her over her panties first, warming her up. Mia reacted in surprise at first but melted under Emma’s hand. Emma said, “Come here and help me.”

I came over and Emma directed me to Mia’s perk nipples. I played with them as Emma played with Mia’s clit and Emma escalated to slipping her hands in Mia’s wet panties. With both of us, it didn’t take long before Mia’s moans of pleasure escalated and she came.

My obvious erection helped me hold my pee but I saw as Emma stepped away from Mia her wet spot had grown. Emma, though, had a plan. Mia sank to her knees, spent but looking to sit down in a way that wouldn’t make a bigger mess, and watched Emma as she came up to me. She came up behind me and began massaging my shoulders. I was surprised at this move but accepted it as she moved down my back.

She was an excellent masseuse and I felt myself melt, but I realized too late why she had me relax. I felt myself open up and mess my boxer briefs and was too late to stop it. Mia looked torn between staring in interest and laughing at Emma’s plan while Emma could actually feel my bulge form as she was right behind me. Emma then led me to a dining room chair, a hard wooden one, and had me sit down. I didn’t know how I felt about the mess spreading and being squished by the act of sitting, but Emma pulled my dick out of my boxer briefs and moved her panties aside and put me inside her.

She sat directly on me, facing me, and I instinctively held her in place so she wouldn’t fall off me or the seat. I put my hands on her ass and the position and my hands essentially spread her cheeks apart. As she began riding me, I felt a bulge begin to form in her panties and I could also feel spurts of urine as she pissed on me as well. This didn’t take long to make me cum, Emma cumming as well. After collapsing in my arms, Emma finally stepped off and stood in front of me, her panties now fully soaked and with a full load in the back.

After a couple more moments, I stood up, fortunate that my boxer briefs were tight enough to hold in my load. The lack of an erection meant, though, that I inadvertently fully pissed myself after I stood up. Finally, we were all empty and we headed to the shower to clean up and enjoy our free Saturday further.

