A Ship Adrift : Girl`s Night In [Futurama Female Pee] NSFW 18+

Author: H4rpy_Fe4ther

*000*2023-04-14 16:47

“So you’re from the year two-thousand?” Amy giggled, eyes tracing over the bare legs of the woman across from her in the circle of space-farers. Her own were linked in the air behind her, laying on her stomach as she relaxed, pale legs exposed to the cool air of the main deck. Green shorts hugging curves exposing just a bit of the skin above her leg.

“Yeah, but…I didn’t expect such a warm welcome, especially with a tube filled with…just so much ice.” Brown hair fell down the tops of exposed breasts, a white tank top barely fitting her, but in a way the Captain of the ship, Leela, found it tasteful. Pink shorts tight over thighs that filled them out nicely, something Lebarbara also found very…tasteful, eyes wandering over skin before the girl spoke again. It was lucky for every lustful eye watching the woman, that Amy frequently left her clothes aboard the ship…For Michelle to borrow, fresh out of the Cryogenic tube.

“You know…” The girl puckered her lips, more than aware of two pairs of eyes, and one beautiful single one, tracing her face, and it made her giggle, leaning back on the palms of her hands. Her eyes tracing for-once down purple hair, the hair tie long since thrown away, and Michelle could remember the way the violet strands felt against her fingers.

“All this time floating, we could play a game…a simple one, used to play it all the time with the girls in my sorority.” Michelle said, taking her time with the words, knowing she had more than one woman as her…captive audience. Outside, space slowly floated past, planets swirling with color a lazy blur outside as the girl’s sat in a circle. Pillows scattered all over the floor of the main deck, the windows a halo on the wall. Amy laid on her front, Lebarbara lounging on her back watching the conversation with a soft smile, Leela was sitting upright, legs crossed as if tense, and Michelle was in the same position continuing to speak.

“See who’s got the most…stamina, who won’t pee more or less.” At the words Michelle spoke, Lebarbara laughed, her voice a rich tone as she sat up, her palms keeping her upright a smirk across her lips.

“Easily me, now I know why you insisted on opening about four bottles of peach & Kessara Sector 9 Vineyard wine.” The Jamaican woman spoke, moving to grab the four wine glasses off the table above her, as Amy reached eagerly, Leela was the only one that seemed at all…Hesitant, her voice a little huskier than usual.

“Are you all sure about this..? I mean…” It went unsaid, but everyone knew what the Captain meant, if they drank right now, skimpily dressed, holding it would they be able to control their most…Carnal urges? Leela was wearing her comfy red shorts, the kind that rode up in…all the right places. Making her so aware of the fabric on her tits, the pillows on the floor, the gorgeous women with all eyes on her.

Leelea’s eye followed Lebarbara’s hand, and everyone noticed, some licking their lips, as the darker woman traced the outside edge of her blue shorts, borrowed from the smaller woman, they clung, and Leela found herself…mesmerized.

“Does it matter? We’re all women, what’s a few…harmless touches between friends…” Lebarbara nearly whispered, and as if broken out of a trance. Amy jumped at the chance to get this party started. Wine bottle in her grasp, the cork yanked out by an eager Michelle, soon four glasses were filled, and each being handed out to the women clad in shorts, and tank tops. Amy sat back and downed her glass with a few gulps. Her quiet, thrilled giggling as the strap to her tank slipped down her arm, the only ambience as the women polished off the first round of boozy space wine in record time.

“You’re…y-you’re right…I uhm…don’t know how well we’ll be able to play this…game, I don’t know about you guys but wine…” The cyclops let her words die, her shoulder coming up as fingers of her own rubbed her shoulder, trying to ignore the tingling of tipsiness…Trying harder to ignore the way half the tank tops straps in the room weren’t on shoulders…but hanging off of them.

“Makes you have to pee?” Michelle pipped up, her smile quirking as the other women in the room seemed to nearly freeze at the word. As if they were all thinking it, the woman from the past being the only one brave enough to actually…say it.

“M…maybe…” Leela admitted, wondering how the hell she got so shy, about this of all things! Pouring herself more liquid courage, sunset liquid vanishing down her throat as it did for all the women in the circle. Some squirming as they started to feel it’s effects, both on their bladder and on their…Inhibitions.

Across the circle from the cyclops, Lebarbara was leaning on Amy’s shoulder, Amy leaning right back, finger fiddling with the hem of the blue shorts on the darker woman, Lebarbaras knees pushing together at the contact…The movement, the warm touches, making her lower half warm with more than just gentle arousal.

“You’re cheating you little minx, playing so close down there…” Lebarbara laughed, Michelle, and Leela watching, suddenly stiff, fingers digging into the blankets beside them struggling to keep their mind’s off their own bladders. Michelle had her legs crossed, rocking from side to side to try to get her mind off the pressure building, wine was no easy liquid to play this game with!

Leela was taking a new approach, her hands moving up her own thighs, squeezing the plush skin there. Trying to ignore the way her tits were perking up, the way her nipples were peaking through the fabric to show her arousal. Panting breaths she was trying to keep quiet mingling with the pressure…Who knew having to piss felt this good?

“I’m not…ngmh! C-Cheating…” Amy giggled, the booze showing on her cheeks, a crimson dust to them as she leaned on the woman, breasts pressing into her arm as fingers moved up into the shorts from the hem, her bladder’s need was obvious. The tank top Amy was wearing was riding up, showing a little bulge from how full she was, her needy little pants of breath over Lebarbara’s arm only turning into mewls when the taller woman pushed two fingers to the crotch of Amy’s green little shorts.

Leela nearly mewed in jealousy as Amy’s eyes nearly rolled back, knees jerking together at the suddenness of the touch. A moan melting between her lips as the game seemed all but forfeit, a gush of piss only worked to blotch the fabric between those supple thighs of the small asian girl.

“I think I’ll cheat too~ Why not moan more for me girl, show me what you want~” Lebarbara was a force to be reckoned with, Michelle swallowing thickly the pressure in her bladder making her keen as she watched.

Amy was now on her back, a pillow cushioning her head and Lebarbara was over her, two fingers rubbing little circles at the center of Amy’s pleasure, every time that circle movement completed Amy’s knees jerked and more piss started to slowly puddle down the inside hem of the green shorts. Darkening their color as it started to pool on the blankets underneath her.

“More! Lebarbara, more, please?” The quiet mewls turned into needy, loud moans, as Amy reached down, her legs spread as far as she could get them, hands touching her own thighs she pulled her shorts to the side, panties ripping a bit on the seams as she whimpered, words too slurred and muddled to beg properly.

Yet Lebarbara gave her exactly what she wanted, those two fingers spreading her apart and plunging inside. Amy’s back arched, with a moan that made the hairs on the back of Leela’s neck stand up, the woman moving towards the two, wanting in on the action. Pale fingers grabbed the hem of Lebarbara’s tank top, and didn’t even bother trying to take it off the normal way, ripping it so the fabric pieces fell to the side.

“It’s your turn, isn’t it?” The shyness was gone, replaced by pure agonizing lust, fingers moved over the hard nipples on Lebarbara’s chest, playing, teasing, those sensitive peaks. Every movement, every little pinch, made the taller woman’s hips rock in the air, moaning quietly as she tried to ignore what she needed. Tits being squeezed, the size of them barely fitting into Leela’s eager hand.

“You want to get fucked, while you pee yourself?” A little dirty talk fell from the cyclop’s lips, her fingers moving down the front of her new sex partner’s stomach, loving every muscle tense she felt while her fingers traveled down. Pulling the front of those cute little blue shorts down enough to be pleasantly surprised the other woman had forgone underwear.

“Touch me Leela!” More of a command than a beg, Leela did just that, tracing her fingers around the quivering lips, feeling that soaking wetness, she teased, whispering in the woman’s ear as kisses lined the sensitive skin just below.

“I want to see you lose the game first, then you’ll get it…” Leela purred, feeling the woman struggle in vain to ignore that pressure, that building heat that made her squirm, the only sound for a millisecond was Amy’s continued moans, as Lebarbra’s fingers moved inside of her, focusing on pleasure the other woman than feeling the sweet, sensual relief.

Tall, Jamaican, and stubborn as a mule a soft shake of her head was her reply, but Leela wasn’t to be deterred, spreading those lips apart with her two fingers, she traced her index over her clit, and just like that, her body caved.

Underneath her, those blue shorts were tight around her thighs, just above her knees, catching most of the pee that started as a slow trickle, but didn’t stay that way. A few drops turned into a stream, the woman moaning as Leela teased her while she started to pee. Finger flicking her clit until the stream couldn’t be stopped hot and steaming, those blue shorts were soaked in piss.

Leela’s fingers didn’t stop, moving to stroke her entrance, dancing between that sensitive place, and her throbbing clit, the woman slipped her fingers in, tits popping out of her own tank as she leaned over Lebarbara’s back, as the Jamaican woman pressed her face between Amy’s breasts to moan her pleasure. All while never missing a beat, fingering the woman.

“M-Michelle!” Amy whimpered, her pleasure intoxicating, noticing the woman's legs spread a blotch of her own urine soaking the fabric between her legs, that pink fabric melting darker as little drops of liquid were slipping over the top.

Michelle was a hot mess, only getting hotter by the minute, her tit was in her own hand, thumb swiping over her own breast, and fingers hooked into the waistband of her own shorts, watching the display in front of her like it was a lesbian’s wet dream, and it sure as hell was. Dripping wet, and desperate.

Amy wasn’t one for words right now, her face bright pink and her hair a mess, only putting her fingers to her lips and licking between them…Michelle crawled over without a second's hesitation.

Michelle didn’t want to stop there, her lips crashing into Leela’s as the girl’s melted into a orgy of piss and pleasure. Amy’s warm, wet tongue licking over her thighs, frantically undoing the pink short’s button to yank them down, her mouth pressing up to explore her quivering need, already feeling the woman’s hips jerk from each lick, each delve into her pussy tasting, and enjoying her with every bob of her head.

Michelle didn’t last long, already been teased to her very limit, her body was shaking from each movement from the other women, watching Leela’s hand squeeze the breast of the darker woman in front of her, each lick making her hips spasm, jerking trying to release the pleasure…Pulling herself to the side as Amy began to contort beneath her, Michelle tried to grab her shorts, put them on to contain the onslaught of liquid that was coming next. Pink shorts never made it more than halfway back up those plump thighs, before she finally pissed. Michelle’s moans mixed with Amy’s as she moved to push her upper half into the blankets that surrounded them, golden liquid squirting down her thigh with each muscle spasm in her body. The woman knew it was more than just piss, sexual pleasure ripping and biting at her insides as she nearly drooled on the pillow she clung to. The pink shorts soaked, barely on her body at all…

The onslaught of pleasure took its toll on Amy second, the girl’s licks getting more and more messy, more sloppy, as she moaned into the warm thigh of Michelle, feeling the girl shake at her touch, her fingers grabbing the flesh there and squeezing her own body.

Heated warmth pushed lower and lower in her stomach, toes curling as her head pressed back into the deck of the ship they were on whimpering as her hips forced themselves onto Lebarbara’s fingers as hard as they could. That very same warmth showed itself as a sudden eruption from the asian woman, soaking Lebarbara’s fingers, puddling in the palm of the woman as Amy nearly screamed her pleasure, every other woman reacting to that carnal call from her pleasure alone.

Third was Lebarbara, who was already in the same position Michelle had been in. Face down on the blankets, looking back at Leela, her body quivering with the need to finish. The Cyclops didn’t plan on disappointing her. Fingers moved faster with sounds that every other woman seemed dazed, and entranced by, drunk on wine and sexual pleasure. Lebarbara’s moans were gorgeous, husky, needy things as each penetration of her pussy made her fingers curl, her eyes glaze over, her chest moved with every movement of Leela’s jiggling faintly in the buttons and dials of the ship's walls.

“Aren’t you cute pissing all over yourself?” Leela remarked, licking her own lips as she picked up speed, curling her fingers, to hit that sweet spot she smirked as Lebarbara grabbed her own chest, squeezing and aching for more pleasure.

Pulling out, she let Lebarbara’s own need make rubbing her clit all the easier, finally bringing that beautiful woman to her climax. More liquid resoaked the blue shorts hanging above her knees, as the woman panted into the blankets.

At that moment, everyone panting, and red in the face, Leela looked at herself in soaked red shorts, touching her own cheek, soaked in her cum and piss. The sight excited her, eyes flicking up to Amy, who was already asleep, Lebarbara who seemed more relaxed than she’d ever seen her, and Michelle, who was curled up right beside Amy, passed out.

“What a girl’s night in…”

###

If you liked this story, consider commissioning me, 10$ per 1k words and a fast turn around time. (Because I have nearly nothing else to do lol)

Only thing I won't do is underage sexual things, and non-con stuff.

DMs are open.

*001*2023-04-16 21:50

If you want to bookmark this on Archive, or just want it on that site.

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/46543762

