Honkai Impact 3rd: A Dreamseeking accident

Author: Horse Plinko

*000*2024-03-01 12:18

Well, this is it. My first* ever piss fic.

I've noticed a extreme lack of Honkai omo, so I wanted to open the flood gates so to speak with something pretty mild. Just a soft and friendly shipping of Dreamseeker/Entropy and Senadina fron Part 2, although nothing romantic or sexual is implied.

Formatting is a little rough, but this started out as brainrot in a private Discord server so I apologize for that. The tenses might be a little wack. I am also extremely sleepy. If it's bad, I apologize, but the general concept is sound.

###

I went into my bed fresh out of the shower. I was so tired from exploring the Sea of Data and writing reports that I barely bothered putting on my pjs. I threw on a plain t-shirt and a pair of sleep shorts, opting to go commando. It was just for one night, so what's the harm?

I quickly fell asleep, ignoring the slight ache I felt in my bladder. That's a future me problem.

Dream slipping is something still being learned about, so the details of it will be spared. What is important to note is that in her fatigued state, this Dreamseeker remained unconscious when she was physically pulled into the dream, and she remained so until she was deposited back into reality.

That's where the interesting stuff happened.

Warmth.

I started to wake to a sense of warmth all over my body, like I was being hugged from all sides by a blanket fresh from the dryer. My being softly squeezed like a hug from a gentle goddess or an inviting friend. I wasn't sure why I felt so comfortable or why my surroundings felt so unfamiliar. All I knew was that I felt as if I was still in a dream. I also felt a...panging sense, like I needed to let go of something. I wasn't sure what, but it was conflicting with my desire to stay in this blissful spot. I just wanted to stay snuggled right here and drift back to sleep...

...So I stopped fighting whatever it was inside me. It wasn't important, more sleep was...

Warmth...it's spreading...that's...so nice...

A dreamy sigh escaped my lips as warmth continued to propagate around me.

"Oh!" A voice from my mind said, clear enough that it almost sounded verbal.

I shift a little, trying to ignore it. The voice in my head goes quiet, replaced by the sound of gentle hissing, like water hitting fabric. A smile spread across my lips as wetness spread around my legs. It felt great, like presure given way to pleasure, or like relaxing a muscle after using it excessively, or like...using the bathroom...

Wait a minute.

Against my initial wishes, I opened my eyes as my insticts started to tell me that something was very wrong. Immediately my surroundings were unfamiliar. I wasn't in my room anymore. In fact, I don't recognize this place at all.

Then, I felt it: that wasn't water I was hearing. That was me peeing. I was wetting the bed while awake. I shoved a hand to my crotch instinctively, but all that served to do it moisten my hand as the stream kept flowing. I tried to stop as best as I could, managing to pinch off the flow of urine, although the damage was already done. The warmth I felt wasn't entirely gone, but now my face was starting to turn red at the realization.

"Oh dear, do I make you feel that relaxed~" The voice from earlier, very much not in my head, remarked.

Now that I was more awake, I could recognize the voice and its owner, and my face flushed even harder. I now knew why I felt like I was being hugged: because I was, by none other than Senadina, who I have now just peed on. "O-oh no. Sena, I didn't mean-" I stammered while I tried to get up to apologize. We were close friends, very close, but this felt like crossing a line. But when I tried to get up, Sena kept her hold on me.

"Hey, hey, it's okay! You just had an accident, that's all! I know how tricky dream toilets can be, trust me." Sena said in her usual, borderline uncanny chipper way.

"But...it's unhygienic. Even though I make sure to stay hydrated, and urine starts off sterile, urinating the bed is-is" I was going to say 'childish', but I felt Sena shift her grip on me, turning me around to face her. I half expect to see a look of pity on her face, but instead I saw something more akin to endearment. It was hard to tell without my glasses on.

"It was an accident, just like how you accidentally ended up in my bed 20 minutes ago. Just like how we first met, remember?" She said, a slight smile on her face despite the predicament.

"Yeah, I remember..." I replied, shame still in my voice, electing to ignore the fact she was snuggling with me for nearly half an hour.

She hugged me closer, causing a spurt of leftover urine to escape, not like she could tell.

"Life is full of accidents, so why should we be embarrassed by them? I like our accidents." She said sagely, as if this knowledge had been passed down for centuries.

I understood what she was getting at, but her lack of social awareness was still peaking through. "That's...not the same-" I was cut off by a boop on my nose and a giggle from Sena.

"You think too much. What if I just like spending time with you, hmm? Even if it's...messy"

I felt a new blush rise. Leave it to Senadina to find a way to turn me wetting her bed into an opportunity to flirt. I let out a deep sigh as I give up trying to argue. "...can I use your shower?"

"Of course!" She replied happily, but a bit of hesitancy lingered in her voice as I felt her shift around.

"What's wrong Sena?" I asked, hoping that she suddenly changed her mind about the situation.

"Ohh, It's nothing, just...can I use the toilet before you shower? I would have gone 20 minutes ago, but..."

"Eh? Oh, I see..."

*002*2024-03-13 20:57

{{3 hours ago, multibubbled said:

You know, I had been going to read this previously but was disapointed it was part 2 becausdisapointed much more attachment to the par 1 girls. Actually reading it I think its pretty w ll written at leastits know that bed wetti g is a big thing for some people here, I personally prefer awake accidents. That said, I hope you don't get too discouraged at lack of engagement.

}}

Hey, no problem. I know Part 2 is a you love it or you don't type thing, but I feel like it's easier to use those characters because they are less established rather than trying to write Kiana or Fu Hua having an accident in character.

I also understand the bedwetting sentiment. It's usually not my go-to. I'm not sure what compelled me to write bedwetting first, but oh well.

But hey, thanks for reading! Mind telling me who you would like to see and maybe what type of wetting/pee related scenario? I can't guarantee that I'll write it, I'm just happy to see other Honkai piss thoughts.

