Gonna start writing any, requests for free (:

Author: IzzyWizzy

*000*2023-11-11 11:40

Okay, so, been a while since i posted in this thread but i thought i’d try to make a little return, and maybe do some free requests and commissions, i’m just going to label some of my boundaries/limits, but other than that, i’ll try my best to write whatever people want.

1. Male omorashi — not a fan of this to be honest, but i’ll allow male characters and such, or maybe even desperation so long as theres a female character present, more than likely with slightly worse issues.

2. Forced Regression — this just feels icky to me so would feel a lot better not writing about it, i’d do some normal regression, though, as like as it’s consensual on both sides.

3. Underage characters — again, another one that i just have to stress — if you want a character like, say wednesday or eleven etc, so long as i’m okay to age them up to at least eighteen, then i’ll write about them.

4. Messing — not a fan of messing and most of the time won’t write it, there are always exceptions though so ask first beforehand.

Okay thanks ya’ll, hope to get some requests soon 🙂

*005*2023-11-12 03:33

{{14 hours ago, TheDudeAbides said:

Could you write about a young woman who's on a hot date with a guy she's trying to impress, but she's desperate for a pee and never finds the opportunity to visit the bathroom so she has to try not to piss herself in public front of her date? Naturally, she fails to her utter humiliation. Or you could write about the night after a successful hookup where she discovers she's accidentally pissed herself in the bed, leaving her and her man sleeping in a puddle of cold pee.

}}

I’ll try this one soon!

{{14 hours ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

Could you write a story about 2 streamers? Having a holding contest and they're doing it like a live stream type Thing and when they get donations, they have to do challenges or drink a certain amount of water.

}}

I’ll try this one as well!

{{13 hours ago, Rob Lucci said:

Fanction One Piece?

Rob Lucci /Kalifa?

}}

I’ll do my best, but i’m not really that familiar with the characters, but i will try!

{{13 hours ago, Koumei said:

Detective Conan Fanction?

}}

Same as the above!

*007*2023-11-12 04:55

What request would that be? i’d be happy to do it anyhow 🙂

