Auto Show

Author: huberp76

*000*2022-10-02 22:18

Two boys went with their girlfriends to a auto show to the capital city.

They met at 9 am and they had to go by car not even 1 hour to the show.

There were a lot of expensive cars and a lot of pretty girls who were standing in front of the cars.

The girls were all very sexy and showed a lot of their bare skin.

Some were sitting on the car in a way where they showed their panties under their ultra short skirts.

The boys were very excited from so many great cars and they were totally turned on from so many sexy girls.

”I heard that the girls are not allowed to leave the cars from begging until the end.” said one of the boys.

“Real?” said the other boy “but what will they do if they gets hungry?” he wanted to know.

”I think that will not be their biggest problem, they can eat and drink here, but what if they need to wee?”answered the friend.

“Oh yes, they can impossible bear not to wee all day long. I think they will let them go once or twice during the day.” said the boy.

”No they don’t allow them to leave, not even for to wee. I heard that they gets a good money and that the girls are willing to hold it, but that they gets very desperate near the end of the show.” said the friend.

To see that sexy girls and to imagine that they will get desperate in a few hours, aroused the boys very much.

They had both one favorite girl, both the same girl and they wanted to see move her great body from needing to wee so bad.

They did not let her out of their eyes and the boys were sure that the girl did not leave only once all that hours since they have been here.

It was late afternoon as one of the boys said “her bladder must be very full after holding it for so long. Let us look if her panties are still dry.”

They went again near to the car or better near to the girl to take a look at her panties, they have been still dry.

They did both not think about that their girls did not wee since they left their home early in the morning.

The boys peed after lunch, the girls not.

After a while the girls wanted to go home, they had enough from the cars and the girls were not really interesting for them.

The boys were a little bit disappointed because they didn’t see their favorite model desperate, but they had to go.

On the way to the car said one of the girls that she would need to the toilet before they leave.

The other girl told her that she would need to go since hours, but that toilets are not really to use here and encouraged her to wait until at home, it would last not even one hour.

Both girls had their bladder full from all the day as they did get in the car.

After about 30 minutes driving, there was a traffic accident on the motorway.

They were standing for more than two hours on the same place.

The poor girls were needing to wee so very, very bad, but had no chance to go, they could not squat in front of all the other people in the cars.

Their bladders were painful overfilled and big as a soccer ball, but they still had to hold it back.

First the boys were disappointed not to see the model desperate after holding it all day, now they had their own girls beside who did not wee since they did get up in the morning and were frantic to pee.

The girls moaned and groaned from needing to wee so bad and they made a really good pee holding show for the boys.

For the boys it was a great day until now , but how will the day end?

