No wee for my friends girlfriend!

Author: huberp76

*000*2021-07-26 21:24

My friend and i have the same habit, we love to make girls wait to pee, we love it to make girls hold a full bladder for hours.

He is much more consequent and stricter than me to let girls don’t take a much needed wee.

It was amazing what some of his girls could endure, how long they could suppress their needs to wee and how long they could endure the pain of a overfilled bladder.

Sometimes he did not let the girls take a morning pee, he made them hold a full morning bladder all day long.

There was one experience with him and a girl, it was not brutally and extremely, but i love to remember it.

We had to go with his car for a little bit longer than one hour to the country side.

It was a folklore event near a little wood. There were music, something to eat and enough to drink, but no toilets all around.

The boys went to the trees, the girls behind the bushes and some girls did not pee at all, they did hold it. My friend’s girl was on of them.

Late at evening she said “I think it is time to bring me home.”

”Why? it is not late now.” my friend asked.

We both did know very well why she wanted to go home, we could see her standing with her legs tight crossed and we did know that she did not wee all day long, not even once, but she did drink a lot.

The girl must have been absolutely full and we did like that!!!

He asked her again why she wanted to go home so early, sure he did know it, but he wanted to hear that she was needing to piss, that would sound like music for us and she said it, she said “because i need to pee really, really, really bad .”

” Oh I see.” said my friend “but your full bladder is not really a reason for us to go home now.”

” I did not wee since i did get up this morning, i am needing to go since many hours! Is that not reason enough?!!” she said angry.

”Not for us! Girls who are needing to piss are so sexy and you are a big girl, you can hold it !” he answered.

After a while she did calmed down, she did drink some more and about 1 hour later she crossed her legs so hard and tight that she was shaking.

She was bending over and looked at my friends eyes and said “don’t you have a little bit mercy with a girl who is needing to wee sooo bad?”

“ No absolutely no! Girls are made to hold it, so hold it!” he said consequent.

He told her that some of his girls could hold their urine for longer than 24 hours in their bladders and that he will teach her to do that too.

Sometimes later, she bended over and said that she could not even stand straight anymore from needing to piss so bad, she said that the urge is so painful and that her bladder hurts from being so overfilled and overstretched.

She begged to leave now, because she would have to hold it already 2 hours longer until she can finally piss at home.

Is it common to get excited and aroused if a girl is needing to piss so bad, if she is suffering a ultra strong urge, if she is frantic to piss?

Is it normal to get aroused from knowing that she did not piss since 16 hours and that she is needing to go since hours, to know that her bladder is full to explode?

I don’t know, but i know that it was absolutely horny for me to see her fight all the way home against her urge, to see her fight to keep her panties dry and not to wet the car seat.

Hot to see how she pressed her hands between her nude thighs against her panties. I think her panties were deep in her slit and her finger hard on her peehole and it was hot to see how she did massage her bulging, swollen bladder and how she moaned from her need to piss so bad!

*001*2021-07-27 07:22

On the way home there was a totally arousing talk between my friend and the girl.

The girl did show us her naked thighs until up to her panties, because she had her hand pressed against her slit.

She was sitting in front and i on the backseat, so i could not see if she had one of her fingers inside her panties, exactly pressed on her peehole.

She could not and did not hide her strong urge to pee and her painful need.

She looked to my friend and asked “why do you think that girls are made to hold it?”

” Because a girl is a girl and girls have to squat to piss and they can’t do that everywhere, so they have to hold it. Girls are made to hold it and that is what they should do!” he answered.

”But girls have a bladder like boys and if their bladder is full, they need to go too.” she said.

”Yes, they would need to go, but they sometimes can’t, they have to wait until a chance, until they get a opportunity to go.

You are needing to piss since hours, you told us, but you did not go behind the bushes, like some other girls did it, you are still holding it, because you are a big girl, you are a girl who is made to hold it.

I think you are needing to piss really bad now, you did drink a lot all day long and did not pee only one time, you did not pee since more than 16 hours, your bladder must be full to burst.” he said and did feel her bladder with his hand.

He pressed on it, she moaned loud and he said “ you are really made to hold, your bladder is big and hard as a soccer ball and you are still able to hold it.

Wow much longer do you think you can hold it? Two, three hours, or longer?

I love it that you are so strong, you are such a good girl!!” he said.

”If you don’t stop to push and press my bladder, I’ll piss myself at the moment.

I don’t know how much longer i can hold it, but not very long, i did leak a little bit on the way to the car, my panties are a little wet.” she answered.

”You dirty little girl pissed your panties, you should get punished for that.” he said and pressed deep in her belly and hard on her poor bladder.

I did nearly cum in my pants from all that!

*002*2021-07-27 09:17

My friend was nearly addicted to her big, overfilled bladder, he pressed and pushed on it, the girl’s urge could not be strong enough for him.

”My panty was just a little bit wet and it was already dry after a few minutes, i don’t need to get punished, but now it is wet again and if you don’t stop to torture me, if you don’t stop to press on my poor bladder, I’ll piss your car seat totally wer!” the girl said.

”Oh no, you wouldn’t do that, you are a strong girl, you are a girl “made to hold”, you can hold more, you can hold it longer and you can endure more !” he said and pressed harder in her belly, exactly on her bulging. swollen bladder.

The girl was moaning and groaning from needing to piss so bad, but she did not wet the seat, she was able to hold it until the end of the journey, although she was getting tortured.

A day to remember!

*005*2021-08-29 10:47

{{9 hours ago, HoldingPrinces said:

Oh.. I feel so sad about that poor girl..

}}

Oh yes, that must have been absolutely torture for the poor girl, she was needing to wee so really, really bad and she did get pressed and pushed on her bursting full bladder.

Amazing how much this girl was able to endure and how long she could stand it to hold it in while she got tortured like that.

