Girls made to wait and to hold it in!

Author: huberp76

*000*2019-04-23 14:14

I like to make a girl wait to pee, i like to make her hold her full bladder, as long as possible.

There are some situation that i like special.

One of them is to spend a day with a girl and don´t give her a possibility to go to the loo. Manny girls don´t talk about their urge, they hold it for a long time, even their bladder is full.

They hope, that there will come a opportunity to go, but "my" girls wait hopelessly for this opportunity, i don´t give them any! If the urge becomes to strong for the girl, her bladder force her to admit that she would need to wee.

I tell her that we try to find a loo for her, but i not even think about that, i make her wait.

Usually the girl is waiting again for a long time, before she admit a second time that she is needing a loo. To that time, you can be sure, that her bladder is more than full.

Than to say" sorry, there is no loo around, but i think you are a big girl, i am sure you can wait for one or two hours more, until we are…..at home…… at a restaurant or anywhere, would be bad!!??

Many of the girls are to proud to say that they are not able to hold it for so long, they hold it and suffer for hours more.

I know, that is bad, but i love it!!!

Another situation is nearly the opposite.

The girl admit that she would need to wee since a long time, but after that, she don´t go for hours. She has more opportunities, but she don´t use it, she hold it.

Hours later, she talk again about her need, she say that she can´t wait much longer , she did not pee since early in the morning and that she would wet her panties, if she does not go soon. Some girls still don´t go , they hold it until the end of the date or till you take them home for a full bladder sex.

I love that too!!!

At both situations i always think at the full bladder of the girl, how full it is, how strong her need to wee must be, how bad she must have to go, how hard she has to squeeze her pee hold shut, to hold her panty dry and how much longer she can endure that. For me hours and hours more!

What situations do you like best?

*002*2019-04-25 06:06

{{On 4/24/2019 at 12:27 AM, daisyduke said:

I have been in both situations haha.

When i was younger i never wanted to admit that i had to pee and just held it until i was bursting to go.

And sometimes when meeting with friends I asked for the bathroom but then I dont want to be the first to use it so i hold for more hours until im dying to pee too.

}}

Hi Daisy,

Thank you for your answer.

Can you tell us some experiences where you was bursting, because you did did not wanted to admit that you needed to pee?

Have you been to shy or to proud to admit it?

At the second kind of situations, you asked for a loo but you did not go for hours. Did you think about that, that it could be arousing for someone, to know that you need to go, that you have a full bladder in your belly, but you hold it for so long ?

Was it arousing for you?

