A Series of Unfortunate Events

Author: hollend12

*000*2018-01-01 09:08

Sometimes you just have to ask yourself, “How did I get into this mess?” You’d never expect to be almost wetting a diaper in the middle of a line in an airport on a Thursday night, but... hey, that’s how things are sometimes, I guess.

Let’s backtrack. It was a pleasant Thursday afternoon, and I was getting ready to leave for the airport to see my long-distance girlfriend on New Year’s Eve. In the past couple years I’d had... several unfortunate airplane restroom (or should I say failed-to-get-to-the-restroom?) incidents that I don’t necessarily feel like explaining... needless to say I had to ask the stewardess for quite a lot of napkins. Losing control of your bladder on an airplane is not ideal, so I’d invested in a package of adult diapers since the last incident. I decided to put them to good use for this trip and put one on before heading to the airport.

I’d grabbed a thermos of iced tea before leaving since said airport was thirty minutes away. It was empty when I arrived.

I got through TSA, bought a grande coffee from Starbucks, and drank it all while waiting for the plane to board at the gate. It didn’t occur to me how stupid these decisions were until I got the window seat next to a mother with a baby. I felt the immediate effects of these two drinks on my bladder while we were taking off. Luckily and unfortunately, it was a short flight, meaning that the seatbelt sign was never turned off.

Since I’m an idiot, I asked the stewardess for water and pretzels. I was thirsty, okay?

So, for the whole one hour and thirty minutes, all I thought about was my slowly filling bladder and how the diaper may have to come in handy. I considered just letting go while on the flight, but I was worried it would leak through into my trousers. The mother and her baby fell asleep, so luckily I was able to hold myself when the desperation got bad.

Halfway through the flight, I noticed a guy across from me seemingly in the same predicament. He never took his hands away from his crotch and had no shame in squirming and potty dancing. Poor guy.

When the airplane landed, my only thought was: bathroom. I waited (im)patiently for the mother to get her baby situated and her bags out of the overhead, all while trying not to squirm and show my desperation.

After a run to baggage claim, I finally found myself where I was waiting to be for the past hour: a bathroom! Unfortunately, so did the entire airport, apparently. The line to the men’s bathroom extended far outside the entrance. My bladder twinged in annoyance, but there was either wait in line or wait another hour to get to my girlfriend’s house — the diaper was a last resort, I was far too (unreasonably) worried about it leaking through. I didn’t want a repeat of my last flight.

So I got in line. In front of me was the guy from the plane. He held his suitcase in one hand and his crotch in the other. His legs were tightly squeezed together, rocking him back and forth. He was obviously taking every effort to not piss himself. Every once in a while, he moaned and froze, then presumed his potty dancing. He wasn’t giving up.

Meanwhile, I wasn’t doing much better. My bladder was filling up to its maximum capacity, and desperation hit me in waves. I lost my composure once or twice, squeezing my thighs together and grabbing myself. The feeling was almost unbearable. I had to piss so bad.

To my luck, the man behind me wasn’t doing too well either. He obviously looked very uncomfortable, and I’d hear him shift fairly often.

I knew the dam was about to break. Once I was actually inside the restroom, I was unable to control myself. I wriggled and squeezed and bounced just like the man in front of me.

We were so close to the front. The man behind me suddenly moaned and I heard his luggage drop. I dared turn around. His hand was between his legs, squeezing and grasping at his penis through his jeans. A wet, dark patch began to spread across the front of his trousers. He groaned and panted, both hands working to stop the flow. Thankfully, for the both of us, he succeeded, and the line continued to move.

I shifted my weight from leg to leg. The pressure in my bladder was so extreme.

The guy in front of me was almost crying. He potty danced aggressively, eyes intensely fixed on the stall doors. One opened towards the front, and he nearly wept with joy.

I felt happy for him until...

I could hear a loud splashing against the water. Oh, God. The man’s stream went on for what felt like hours. That, coupled with his moans, caused my bladder to scream at me even louder to let it release its contents.

The sound of his relief, I worried, was going to be my downfall.

My legs were squeezed so tightly together I worried I wasn’t going to be able to move when my turn came. A spurt of piss inevitably escaped from the tip of my penis, wetting the absorbent padding around it.

What’s taking these people so long?!

A finger tapped my shoulder. I’d almost forgotten about the guy behind me.

”E-Excuse me sir, I know we’re both desperate for a leak, but I seriously might wet myself if I don’t piss soon,” he paused to groan and squeeze himself. “Can I get in front of you?”

The strong, brief stream of piss that was released into the diaper said “no.” But I, stupid I, said “of course!”

So the man got in front of me.

And of course, a stall opened up not ten seconds later. The man rushed to it, and soon another strong stream of piss tormented my bladder.

A third leak. This one was steady, threatening to not stop and release the rest of the contents of my bladder into this cheapy diaper. God, but it felt so good.

Miraculously, a stall opened. I near sprinted to it, the stream never stopping. I fumbled to close the door, but the sight of the toilet was too damn much. The stream only got stronger, and it never did stop. I pissed full-force into it, facing the bowl that I’d been waiting to see for quite a while.

I had to keep a hand over my mouth to suppress the moans that escaped me. The sweet release felt so, so good.

When my bladder was almost emptied, I looked down to inspect the damage. Huh! — No leaks. I was 100% wet patch-free.

I sat down on the toilet, feeling the diaper and its fullness. The wetness against my penis felt... oddly nice. I pulled it down and released the rest of my piss into the bowl.

I realized how long I was taking, so I pulled it back up, washed my hands, and got the hell out of dodge. I got a rental car, and pulled out of the parking garage.

It was getting harder to ignore the bulge in my pants. The more I moved, the more the warm wetness rubbed against my penis.

I pulled over and pushed my seat back. I got onto my stomach and humped the seat, allowing the diaper to massage my dick. I got harder and harder with each thrust, panting and moaning. My hips moved rhythmically.

With a loud gasp, I released a second load into the diaper as I rearched orgasm. I collapsed on the seat, exhausted and utterly pleasured.

”Oh, Jesus,” I muttered. I ran a hand up and down the front of my trousers, hearing the crinkle of the diaper. “I’ll have to do this again, sometime.”

