The Motorbike Exhibition

Author: huberp76

*000*2024-05-01 21:33

Peter wanted to buy a motorcycle and went for that reason with his new girlfriend and with one of his friends to a motorcycle exhibition.

On the contrary to Peter had his friend already several bikes and was a specialist about bikes and therefore he went with Peter together to consult him.

They did leave in the morning with Peter’s car and had to go about 2 1/2 hours to the city where the exhibition happened.

So many different bikes, so many attachments, it was very interesting, especially for the men was the time running very fast.

They had a fast lunch with drinks, they had coffee at the afternoon and one last drink before they did leave late at the afternoon.

Peter‘s friend had a fetish for full girl bladders and girls pee desperation. He did like girls with a large, strong bladder and a good holding ability.

It was always a great turn on for him when some of the girls didn’t use the toilet all day long at their biker day trips.

It was arousing for him to hear on and off a girl saying that she is holding a bursting full bladder since hours and that she can’t wait to come home for to piss finally.

The girls are usually good trained, they are able to hold a full bladder with spread thighs for hours.

Peter‘s friend was a specialist for bikes and as well for girls who were needing to wee.

He had noticed that Peter’s girlfriend had not weed once since she left her home early in the morning.

„Even when her bladder is very large, her bladder must be already very full, she must have a urge to wee after such a long time and so many drinks.“he thought as they went to the parking lot and enjoyed that the girl had to hold it for minimum another 2 1/2 hours until she could wee at home.

As they were near the toilets at the exit of the building, she was slowing down her walk, it was obvious that she wanted to go inside, or that she signaled that she was needing to go inside, but as she noticed that the guy’s didn’t stop for her, that they went straight to the parking lot, she went with them without using the toilet.

„Maybe she is one of the girls who is to shy to admit that she is needing to wee in presence of two guys, but nearly 3 hours can get pretty long for a bladder what is already very full and her bladder must have been very full after holding it all day long, it must have been big and stretched to a oversize „ thought the guy and was turned on very much about it.

Peter must have known as well what she wanted to do earlier and that she didn’t wee only once during the whole day. He must have known that she was holding a very full bladder, but didn’t he stop for purpose, or did he just not care about his girlfriend‘s bodily needs, because he was thinking just at the motorbikes? Thought his friend as they were on the way to the car.

The girl did wear very short jeans shorts and she was sitting with her sexy, nude legs tight crossed. To know why she had her legs crossed was very arousing for the desperation lover.

Not even a half an hour later, the last drink must have already reached her bladder, said the girl very bashful to Peter „Sorry, but i would need to the loo once, can you please eventually stop somewhere?“

The guy was getting horny about that statement and was getting more and more horny as Peter ignored the girls desire for a toilet. He passed on parking lot and one service station after the other and didn’t stop for her.

It was no more able for the girl to hide her need totally, but she did suffer in silence.

She pressed her her knees harder and harder together, she squeezed her thighs with her hands and she crossed and recrossed her sexy legs more and more often.

She did it without a hectic, but it was visible that she was needing to wee very badly.

When ever they came near to a parking lot with a sign „toilet „ she looked yearning to Peter, but he ignored it.

More than one hour later she said again very bashful „it would be already really very urgently, can you stop please at the next opportunity?“

She was ashamed to say that in present of strange guy, but she had to go so bad that she could no more other than to beg for a wee.

The guy was surprised to hear Peter say „ We don’t stop now, it will be a good training for your biker future!“

“But i have not been all day, i have to pee now, i am sorry but it is really, really necessary.“ she answered a little bit louder and with more emphasis.

“No we don’t stop now, i told you it will be a good bladder training for you. Biker girls have to be able to hold it for very long. Boys piss beside the road, but girls have to hold it, sometimes from early morning until late evening.

It would be a shame if the gang would have to stop for you, just to let you wee, maybe that some of the guys would love it to see you squatting, but it is better that you learn to control your bladder and we can start with your lessons right now!“said Peter.

The girl said nothing more and kept quiet for the next half an hour.

„ That was really brutal .“ thought the guy and was very horny about it.

But for Peter was it just not yet enough, as soon as they were back in their city he stopped at a sausage kiosk for a evening snack and for something to drink.

The girl was afraid and worried about that and couldn’t understand why her new boyfriend tortured her so much, why didn’t he let her to the toilet. He did know very well that she is needing to wee so bad but he take her to the kiosk with her bladder so very full and make her hold and suffer even longer.

The „poor „ girl was standing with her legs tight knotted, she was bended over in a way that everyone could adumbrate that the girl was needing to wee very, very bad, but she did no more talk about it.

They did eat and drink and the guy was surprised that the girl was drinking although she was already full to burst.

Not only the way she was standing and her moves expressed her frantic need to wee, her bladder was getting so big and so overfilled with the urine from all the day that it was visible. Her belly was swollen and the waistband of her small, super short jeans shorts pressed hard against her bladder bulge.

“ I think she will be a good biker girl.“ said Peter and pointed to his girlfriend and her tight crossed legs.

“Oh yes, i think she will be one of the best.“ replied his friend.

They went again to Peter‘s car, the girl with rubbing knees and her bladder full to burst and a extra drink on the way to her bladder.

Peter could not get enough to torture her new girlfriend and her robust bladder, he wanted to make her hold longer and he wanted to make her more desperate and therefore he did bring first his friend home before he went with her to his home.

Next day made Peter a telephone call with his friend and his friend said „ your girlfriend has a amazing bladder control, absolutely great that she was able to hold it for so long, her bladder must be enormous big and resilient, but you tortured her pretty bad, why did you do that?“

„Because i love it, i love it if a girl is holding a very full bladder and when she is needing to wee so really, really bad.

I didn’t let her to the toilet when we arrived, she was begging for a wee, she wanted to go so bad, but i did not let her go before we had sex and i can tell you she will not be just a good biker girl, she is very good for full bladder sex as well! answered Peter.

“I love that all as well and i begrudge you for that girl .“ replied the friend.

$

*002*2024-05-03 16:44

{{On 5/2/2024 at 3:52 PM, shadow20 said:

Nice stories as always. Is there part2?

Oh also, do you mind to continue your story in below topics? I wonder how much Amanda pee in the end.

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="44721" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed8536832170" style="height:206px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/86080-girls-gets-punished-for-to-be-girls/page/4/?do=embed"

}}

Thank you for your compliment, i am glad that you like my stories.I‘ll think about a second part.

And yes, i agree with you, it would be really interesting how much longer Amanda will be able to hold and how much she will be able to pee.

How much wee can she hold in her bladder before…?

*003*2024-05-05 09:46

Some days later met Peter his friend for a beer. They did talk about the exhibition, about bikes and about girls.

Again admired the guy Peter‘s new girlfriend, he praised her strong bladder, her good bladder control and her perfect holding performance.

Peter agreed with him and said that she is really one of the „good girls „.

Peter said that she told him that she was needing to wee already before noon at the exhibition.“

„To hold it although till at night and to have sex with me, with her bladder so very full was a pretty good performance.“ continued Peter.

“It is amazing and unbelievable how long some girls can last without a wee.“ said the guy.

“In our club are many different girls, with many different pee habits.

Some girls have no problem to piss in presence of guys, they don’t care about it, they simply squat somewhere no matter if guys watch them or not.

When those girls were forced to hold it for a very long time, because they had no chance to pee, when they therefore piss with high pressure for extreme long they get sometimes a big hand from guys.

Or one of the guys say something like „ That was yet really needful!“ or „ your bladder must have been bigger than a soccer ball „

Other girls, the real „bladder queen’s“ don’t pee even once at our day trips, they are proud of their ability to hold it and about their strong bladders. Sometimes they show each other their bladder bulges and their swollen bellies, but they don’t go, they hold it until they are at home.

The hard core „holding girls“wear one piece leather clothes, what makes them very difficult, nearly impossible to wee.

Maybe they want to demonstrate and to express their power that way.“ said the guy.

Peter was excited and aroused about that talk and about the imagination at all that full girl bladders.

“ That must be not so easy for the girls to have the bladder full since hours and to sit with spread thigh on the bike.“ said Peter.

“No not really, the guys stop sometimes for a piss where the girls absolutely can’t go. Some of the girls have their bladders very full as well, but the boys don’t care about it. They are girls, they have to hold it and they hold it!

This are the moments where some girls jump off of the bikes, when they get just a little chance to squat somewhere at a quiet place and piss like a horse, no matter who is watching.

Biker tours are always a challenge and sometimes a torture for the girls bladder and for someone like you and me mostly a great turning on and much joy!“said the guy.

They had another beer and talked more about bikes and girls before they did leave.

Not even 2 weeks later bought Peter a bike and for his girl a one piece leather dress.

They became members of Peters friends club and were welcomed at the next club meeting.

In the morning at their first day trip came some girls, all of them with one piece dresses to Peter’s girlfriend and one said „oh you are one of us.“ and asked her why she did choose that kind of dress.

The girl told them that she didn’t choose it and said that her boyfriend bought it for her, but she likes it very much.

One of the girls said „ yes it looks great, but this kind of dresses are just for strong girls.“

“I don’t understand, why do i have to be strong for to wear that dress „asked the girl unknowing.

“Because you are trapped in that thing, you can’t get out of it, not even for a much needed wee, you have to be strong enough to hold it sometimes for the entire day.“ answered the girl.

„ I wish you good luck, a strong bladder and a good holding performance!“ said another of the girls.

Peter’s girlfriend knew now very well why she got that dress and why Peter bought especially a one piece dress!!!

She did already know very well that Peter loves it to make her hold her pee, that he loves it to overfill her poor bladder and to torture it, but she likes already that kind of „sex game „ as well and was curious how it will go on.

