No wee in a drive-in cinema - for Margot!

Author: huberp76

*000*2019-12-10 22:09

Some times ago, i had a date with a girl, Margot was her name.

We spendet the afternoon together and at the evening we had a dinner in a little restaurant. After the dinner we went to a drive-in cinema.

No one of us had a pee since we met. I did feel a little urge in the restaurant, but i did not want encourage her to go to the loo, so i decided to hold it. Besides i know that my bladder is large and strong.

After about a one hour drive, we arrived at the cinema. I lied the seat's down, so that we could lie and watch the film.

There was a service, so i could buy something to drink. A large ice tee for her, was a good investment for me. I moved with my body so that i pressed with my knee in her belly.

"Ahhhhh, be careful, i pee my panties if you push on my bladder !" she moaned ."I am needing to wee since hours."

"OH, sorry" i said. "I would need to piss too, i did no go since morning."

"Me too, i did not wee since morning." she said. I was horny at the moment and i loved that she was needing to wee pretty bad and that she did not stop drinking.

After the film was over, we did drive about 10 minutes on a country road, as she suddenly said "please stop here somewhere, i need to wee so bad, i can't wait any longer, i have to squat behind a bush. I never did that before, but i have to do it, i can't wait! Pleas stop." she moaned.

"It is a small road, i can't stop here. I need to go too, but i think we have to hold it." i answered.

It was 10pm by now and we did not piss since morning. I had to go pretty bad too.

Her hands was pressed between her crossed thighs, she was bending over and said "Oh my god, i need to wee so bad that all my belly hurts from needing to wee. Please stop i can't wait, i have to go now!!!"

By now we was in a little town and i really could not stop for her, she had to hold it and i did like it! I could see how she did massage her swollen bladder. She was nearly crazy from needing to wee. She told me that she would pee on the main square or on a stage in front of 1000 peoples, if she only could let it out. I told her that she has to hold it, like i have to hold it and i asked her if her panty is still dry.

"Yes, my panties are still dry, but my bladder will burst, if i can't go in the next 10 minutes" she said angry. "I think you will have to hold it much longer then 10 minutes, i can't stop here anywhere." i answered.

"Oh no! Omg, i need to wee so bad, i can't wait, i have to go, i must go." she moaned. She lifted her short skirt and pressed both hands between her thighs. I could see how she pushed her finger hard in her slit. I think she was keeping her pee hold shut with her finger and i could see how swollen her flat belly was, from her overfilled bladder.

She told me how much she did drink since her last wee, at the morning and she said that no ones bladder can hold so much for soooo long. Half hour later, we was out of this town, again on a country road, on our way home.

She was still in the same sit position, bent over and her hand between her thighs. Her skirt was up to her belly, so that she showed my her naked thighs and her white panties, they was still dry!

"It is enough now! I am needing to wee for so long, i can't go on . Let me finally pisssss! Stop now!!" she shouted. I could not do anything to make her hold it longer, i had to let her go. I did fight for 5 more minutes, but then i had to stop.

It did last a few minutes, before she was able to get out of my car. As soon as she was out, she pulled her panty down to her knees and bevor she could squat, she started to wee. She pissed and pissed and pisssssed, she could not stop. It was hissing loud and she was moaning like she did cum.

It was incredible how much this girl could pee and it was incredible how much this girl was able to hold. Her bladder must have been big and hard as a melon.

I wanted to piss beside her, but i was to hard, i could not. After she was back in the car, i pissed. It was really urgent, but i would have waited for hours more, if she had to wait with me!

Back in my car, she told me, that this was the most needed wee in her life and she told me that she was leaking as she did get out of my car, with her legs apart and that her panty is already wet now.

I reached between her nude thighs and could feel her pee wet panty, with my fingers. My fingers was wet from her wee, i smelled at my fingers and did think by myself " the wee of a young girl smells like a good perfume.

This drive-in cinema was always a good opportunity for me to make a girl drink and hold. Margot was not the only girl that i made desperat at this cinema.

I hope you like my drive-in cinema Visite!?

*003*2019-12-15 01:10

{{9 hours ago, wether said:

Oh yes, I like it very much. I would, however, order her to pee in a bottle or a cup so that we could know how much pee she held for you (and, as a result, for all of us).

}}

I am glad that you like my story.

Yes, I love that too, to make a girl hold it until she absolutely can’t anymore.

Then let her wee in a cup, so that I can see how much she was holding for me.

The more urine she was able to hold, the fuller the cup is, the more arousing is it for me.

To see how much wee she was holding in her bladder, to think about how big and overfilled her bladder must have been with so much hot pee inside, how bad and painful she must have needed to go, makes me total horny.

*004*2019-12-20 06:23

{{On 12/14/2019 at 8:49 AM, HoldingPrinces said:

Nice story. Definitely it must have been a great experience for you..

How many hours she held that day? Couldn't you make her hold more than that in another day?

}}

Margot did not wee for a little bit more then 13 hours. That is not so really long, but she was drinking a lot and all that was in her bladder.

She was needing to go since afternoon and she was holding it until 11 pm and that is long and I really did like it.

*005*2019-12-28 10:27

{{On 12/14/2019 at 8:49 AM, HoldingPrinces said:

Nice story. Definitely it must have been a great experience for you..

How many hours she held that day? Couldn't you make her hold more than that in another day?

}}

Yes, I made Margot hold more on another day.

My parents had a weekend house in the country and a flat in the city.

Once they renovated the bathroom in the flat. To that time we lived in the house, because the loo in the flat was not to use.

For me it was a good opportunity to make someone hold, there was no loo, no chance to wee.

Margot was a girl from the country. I invited her for a evening in the city and for a night in our flat.

At the dinner I told her the situation with the bathroom in our flat and told her that she should use the loo at the restaurant before we leave.

She was thankful for this information and went to the loo.

I did know that this would be her last pee for a really long time.

I think that she did not think about that, to this time.

Next day, no morning pee for her, her bladder had to stay full.

It was so arousing for me.

She did not say anything about that she would need to go, but I was sure that she was needing to wee, like every girl needs to wee in the morning.

No loo for her in the flat. We went to a kiosk for a fast breakfast. No loo for her on the kiosk.

It was so arousing for me to know that she did not pee since last evening and that her bladder must have been full with hot wee.

She still did not say anything about that she was needing a loo.

I think she was waiting for a opportunity where she could go discrete.

Just I did not give her a chance to go.

At noon she had to admit, that she had to wee really, really, really bad.

She did not wee since 17 hours, she was full to burst , but I did not let her go.

I made her hold it all afternoon. The poor girl was nearly crazy from needing to wee so bad, but she had to hold it.

Years ago I wrote a story about it, at EP

( experiences protect ) , maybe i’ll write it here again.

It is amazing what some girls can endure, how long they are able to hold it.

Princes, you are one of this girls!!!

*007*2022-09-13 20:53

{{On 12/14/2019 at 4:23 PM, wether said: 

Oh yes, I like it very much. I would, however, order her to pee in a bottle or a cup so that we could know how much pee she held for you (and, as a result, for all of us). 

}}

Yes you are right, it would have been interesting how much Margot was holding. 

She did drink a lot, she did not pee from early morning until late night, she said that she was never before needing to wee so bad and she peed very strong and extreme long. 

Her bladder must have been totally overfilled and big as a soccer ball. 

It must have been great, like you wrote, to let her pee in a large bottle, just a second before she was bursting, to see how much she was holding and then to imagine that she was holding all that amount if hot wee in her bladder and then to imagine how big her bladder must have been. 

*009*2022-09-19 21:59

I had more experiences with Margot. I’ll complete now my experience with the flat without a bathroom, witch i wrote years ago in EP. 

Margot was a girl with a strong bladder, with a strong willpower and with a aversion against public toilets. 

At our dates she never used toilets, not at a restaurant, not at a cinema, or at a shopping mall. She did not ask for a toilet and not even talk about it. 

Sure it was different at the drive in cinema, it was an extra long date. 

At that day she did not pee from early morning until late evening and i made her drink all day long. 

I always loved it to make girls wait and to hold their pee for extreme long. 

I started already to write about it, my parents had a flat in the city and once they renovated the bathroom. 

We lived touring that time in our country house. 

For me and for my lust it was a perfect situation. 

I could invite a girl to stay overnight and she had no opportunity to go to the bathroom, she had no chance to wee no matter how bad and urgently she would need it. 

Margot was a girl from the country, from that village were my parents had their house, she was one of the girls i invited to our flat without a loo. 

I did know it from some dates before, especially from the drive in cinema that she was good in pee holding. 

At the special evening we went to a restaurant for dinner. 

There i told her that we would have no bathroom in the flat and that it would be good for her to use the toilet in restaurant. 

She was thankful for the information and went to the toilet although she usually doesn’t use public toilets. 

She did not really know and she did not even think about it, that it would have been her last wee for a very long time. 

I thought very well at it and it was very exciting for me. 

After dinner we went to the cinema and then at home. 

I absolutely loved it that the girl had to go to sleep without to pee. 

Next morning i went to the kitchen, i told her for something to drink, in reality i pissed in a bucket. 

Very bad i know, but i was not so bad, i brought Margot a bottle mineral to the bed. 

I pissed a lot in the bucket, the girls bladder must have been very full too, but she could not wee , she had to hold it! 

She did not even say anything about that she would need to pee because she did know that there was no loo. 

She had to hold it and i wanted nothing more than don’t let her pee for so long as any possible. 

I wanted to use the opportunity!! 

You don’t get often the chance to make a girl who did not pee in the morning hold her very full bladder for hours longer , maybe for the rest of the day, but how? 

After a while i hade a idea………. 

*010*2022-09-20 21:33

I absolutely love to remember to that time and to that situation. 

It was so arousing for me to know that Margot was needing to wee, that her bladder must have got very full since yesterday 8 pm at the dinner. 

It was so hot to have the opportunity to make her hold her already full bladder for hours longer, don’t give her her chance to go naturally to a toilet. 

I did not even bring her near to a public toilet, or somewhere else were she could have gone. 

I was so curious how long it would last until she would ask for a loo, or that she would admit that she would need to wee. 

I know that Margot was a kind of girl who was good in holding, a girl who had a strong bladder, or better a strong sphincter, witch was able to resist a high pressure to stretch her bladder and make it big like a soccer ball. 

She was the kind of girl who put it off until she can’t anymore. 

In our city was a large park with a lake where you could rent rowboats.

I have been there sometimes before and so i did know that they have snack and drinks on the ticket reception and i did know that the toilets were around the corner and not to see from the kiosk. 

After we arrived we had a little breakfast, coffee and orange juice.

I rented the boat for two hours, two hours were Margot was trapped, were she could not wee, but before we did get in the boat Margot said “ i would have to pee! Can i go here anywhere?” 

”Oh sorry, there is no toilet near.” i lied. 

“No problem, i can hold it back for a while longer.“ Margot answered. 

What a great girl she was, she had the urine from 14 hours in her bladder and said that it will be no problem for her to hold it for a while longer. 

Two hours later we were back. It was noon and i did buy some snacks and some drinks for us. 

Margot did no more ask for a toilet, she did know that there was not one and she did no more say that she would need to wee, because i did already know it. 

Margot has to hold it!

Two hours ago she said that she would be able to hold it for a while longer, but how long is a while, i asked me. 

I think that she thought that we would leave soon after lunch and that she would get a opportunity to pee. 

I did not even think to bring her to a toilet, her bladder must get fuller and bigger. 

I went to my car to collect a blanket and laid it at a quiet place on the grass. 

The poor girl was a little bit worried about that and asked “ how long to you think to stay?” 

I reality she wanted to know how much longer she had to hold it and when could she finally pee. 

The young, slim girl did not wee since 17 hours!! 

I told her that the weather is fine, that it is Saturday and that we would have time relax for some hours. 

She said “but, but…” 

I did know very well what she wanted to say, so i kissed her to stop her to talk. 

We lay on the blanket, kissed and i had my hands there were the boys like to have their hands on a girls body. 

I could feel it that the girl was needing to wee really bad, but she did not say something about it until……….. 

*012*2022-09-21 10:04

{{3 hours ago, holdit247 said: 

So ready for the next instalment! 

}}

I am glad that you like my experiences with Margot. 

*013*2022-09-21 13:02

She did not say something about her need and her urge to wee until i slid with my hand up on her bare thigh to her panties and to her belly. 

I could feel the contours of her bladder, i could feel how hard it was and i could feel how stretched the belly skin over her pregnant bladder was. 

Just as my hand rested on her lower abdomen she said „ be careful.“ 

I did know what she did mean, but i asked „what for i should be careful?“ 

“About my bladder, if you press to hard on it, i will wet my panties.“ she answered. 

“Oh i am sorry.“ i said but i was not even a little bit sorry, i was horny like hell. 

I was so unbelievable arousing for me, she said that i should be careful with her bladder, but she did not say anything about that i should bring her to a toilet. 

She was willing to stay with me and to suppress her strong urge to pee for longer. 

For how long??!! 

I am not really bad and i am not really a sadist, but a very, very full girl bladder makes me nearly crazy and it wake up deep inside me the desire to torture such a full bladder and to make the girl hold even it gets painful for her! 

Margot lay on her back, i could not resist to put my thigh on her swollen abdomen and to rub my knee exactly on her bulging bladder. 

“Are you doing this on purpose?“ she asked. 

Sure i did know what she did mean, but i asked „ what i am doing on purpose?“ 

„You know that i have not been at a toilet since yesterday evening, you must know that i simply MUST need to pee really bad after holding it for so long and you push and press on my bursting full bladder. 

Do you like that, to you like to make me suffer? 

Girls at our school did talk about that some boys loves it if we girls hold our pee and that they gets turned on if our bladders are full to burst. Are you one of those guys?“ Margot asked. 

“I don’t know what to say, but if i am honest i admire you for that, that you are able to hold it for so long and yes, it turns me on very much to know that you have not been to the toilet since yesterday and that you did not wee even one single drop since 19 hours.“ i answered. 

The drink from lunch was now on the way to her since hours overfilled bladder and made her urge stronger and stronger. 

“I like it that i am able to turn you on that way, but now i can’t no more, i can’t wait any longer, i need to wee now, it hurts so much. 

I think I’ll do it behind the bushes.“ said the girl. 

“On no you will not go behind the bushes, you will be able to hold it until you can go to a toilet.“ i answered. 

She wanted to go, but i did not let her! 

I made her lie again on the blanket and kissed her. 

*015*2022-09-22 16:05

{{2 hours ago, CuteGirl said: 

Write more pls. I want to know how much longer Margot was able to hold it. 

}}

How long would you like it that she had to hold it? 

*016*2022-09-23 07:28

I appeased her with kisses and with caressing her beautiful slim body. 

I had my fingers on and in her. 

I absolutely could not calm down, i was so excited and i was needing to pee again. 

I thought at the big amount of urine what i pissed in the morning and i did imagine that the girl beside me was holding all that and all that what she did drink at breakfast and at lunch inside her and i did imagine that her urge to pee must have been enormous and maybe even painful. 

It was like she could read my mind because she was starting to talk about her urge and her need to pee at the same moment. 

”It is absolutely anomalous not to go to the toilet for so long. I was needing to wee before we went to sleep last evening and now i am still have not been to the loo, i am still holding it. 

That is inhuman what i am doing here, that is torturing my bladder and myself.” said Margot. 

”I agree with you, you have a strong bladder and a good control about your bodily needs. It is a really a great performance what you are doing, but i did read a lot about pee holding and there they wrote that especially girls are able to hold their urine for really, really long. 

They wrote that some girls can hold it 24 to 30 hours and some of them even longer and i think that you are one of those girls!!” i told her. 

”No i am not one of the super girls, i need to wee so bad, so very, very bad, that i can’t wait much longer, i have to go in the bushes now.” she said dead steady. 

”Oh no, you are such a strong girl, you are my super girl, you can hold it. 

It is such a beautiful day, let us stay for a while longer. 

Don’t disappoint me.” I said and kissed her again. 

It would have been hot and arousing too for me to go with her in the bushes, to watch how she slip her panties down under her knees and to see how she squat and how all the large amount of pee squirt out from the little hole in her young pussy between her slender thighs, but i wanted more to prevent her from peeing for so long as any possible, i wanted to make her hold longer, i wanted to fill her bladder more and i wanted to make it bigger, much bigger than it was ever before. 

I did not let her go in the bushes, i caressed softly her firm, bulging bladder and said “ i am so proud of you.” 

I did make her wait and she did let me make her wait, i made her hold and she did hold it, but how long??????? 

*017*2022-09-24 09:58

We lay for about a half an hour still and quiet body to body. 

The time was at my side, the longer we waited, the longer we would lie, the more and stronger would she need to wee. 

”I have no more room .”whispered Margot in my ear. 

This time i really did not understand what she meant and so i asked “room for what?” 

”No Room for more wee in my bladder. My bladder is blowing up like a balloon, it will burst if i don’t wee very soon.” she answered. 

“I told you that i did read a lot of pee holding and a lot about bursting full bladders. They wrote that a full bladder can get stretched and expanded until it gets two or three times bigger after being full.” i said.

“Maybe but i can’t anymore, i did not pee since 20 hours, it hurts so much, please bring me somewhere where i can go, let me finally pee.” Margot was begging. 

I could not make her wait any longer, we had to leave now. 

On the way to my car, she looked at some bushes. It would have been so easy for her to squat and to get relief from her torture, but she did not, she went with me to the car. 

She was standing with her wonderful, slim, bare legs tight crossed until i opened the door and she did get in full to burst, with her bladder full from longer than 20 hours. 

“Where are we going?”she wanted to know. 

”To our flat.” i answered. 

“Oh no, you can’t do that! You can’t bring me there where i could not pee yesterday before sleeping and there where i could not wee today in the morning.

That is not fair, i need to pee now, i have been holding it for so long,i have to pee now, you can’t torture me any longer.” she said. 

”Girl you you can’t even nearly imagine how much you turning me on. You are so absolutely sexy for me and your full bladder makes me totally crazy. I MUST fuck you before you pee, i have to have sex with you full like that and then I’ll let you wee in a bucket, or in a jug.” i said with a soft and begging voice. 

”I am afraid that i will wet your bed.” she answered, but agreed. 

I think that she was aroused too from the situation and from squeezing steady her young pussy shut. 

I relished every minute beside the desperate girl.” 

On the way from the parking lot to the flat we had to stop sometimes for her, to cross her legs and to bend over. 

It was no risk that she could disappear to the toilet for a much needed pee, there was not any. 

It did take not even one minute until we were naked. 

Her visible pregnant bladder between her hipbones increased my horniness. 

Margot was absolutely awesome, she did let me spread her slim thighs, she did let me lie with all my weight on her swollen belly without that she was leaking, she must had a valve in her slit between her thighs. 

I was so horny, i had to be careful not to cum in seconds. 

I fucked her as hard as i could and she did let me do it. She slid with her little ass around under my body and she whined from lust and from her unbelievable strong urge to wee. 

”Oh my god, you burst my bladder!!!” she wailed, but that made me to fuck her more harder and to press with me hand in her swollen belly. 

If i pushed my penis extreme hard and deep inside her and if i pressed to the same time hard on her bladder, i could feel how the wee was squirting out of her. 

After we had a fantastic sex together, i brought her measuring jug, unbelievable how hard and how long that girl pissed and unbelievable how much wee the girl could hold in her wonderful, super slim body. 

She pissed exactly 1.100 ml and if i count the amount what she pissed my bed during fucking, she was holding 1.200 ml inside her girl bladder. 

After her peeing, we did stay for another half an hour in the bed, then she did get up, did take the jug and pissed pissed again until the jug was absolutely full. 

I did take it and put it on n the table. 

2.000 ml hot, dark yellow and strong smelly girl wee was inside. 

I was so turned on and aroused from that i was horny enough to fuck her a second time. 

I looked at the jug and wished for myself that she should have to be forced to hold all that at once in her bladder. 

A skinny girl with a 2.000 ml bladder would be a dream!!! 

I like to remember on Margot, she was a great girl and she was super good in pee holding. 

I hope you did like my experience with Margot!? 

I had some other experiences with her, great too, but not 21 hours holds. 

Maybe I’ll write some. 


