Pay with your bladder - earn money with pee holding

Author: huberp76

*000*2024-04-16 10:30

Years ago, at a time where you had to buy your ticket for the cinema at a cash desk, was a middle aged man standing in line for to buy his ticket.

The line was moving very slowly and right in front of him was a girl standing with her sexy legs tight crossed.

She turned around and said to him.”Why does the line move so slowly? Why don’t they open a second cash desk? The tickets are expensive enough, nearly no more affordable for a poor student girl like me, but they make us wait for so long on purpose.

”It is really a shame.” answered the guy. “But there is still a half an hour until the film is starting, we will be not to late .” he said.

“ I am not afraid to be to late, but i need to go to the toilet so bad, i’ll wet my panties if they don’t hurry up.”

The man could not believe what he heard, but he was getting hard at the moment, because girls desperate to pee turned him on very much as long as he can think, as long as he can remember.

He wanted to take his chance to make the girl wait and hold and therefore he said “ The tickets are really very expensive, but i tell you a way how you can save your money.”

“How can i do that? How can i save money?” asked the girl curious.

”That is very simple, i love it very much if girls are needing to wee but don’t go, i love it very much if girls hold a very full bladder for so long as any possible.

If you don’t go to the toilet, if you go in with your full bladder and if you hold it until the end of the film, I’ll pay your ticket.” answered the man.

”That is so strange, your offer is so unusually, but for a poor student girl is it a lot of money just for 2 hours pee holding.” said the girl.

”Does it mean that you will do it?” asked the guy lustful.

”I am needing to wee since hours and by now very bad and very urgently, but i was always very good at pee holding, 2 more hours MUST be possible especially if i can sit, I’ll do it!” answered the girl.

” You make me really happy.” said the man and told her to wait at the coffee shop right on the corner until he comes with the tickets.

”That it is an easy money for you.” he said and smiled.

”That will not be an easy money for me, it will be a hard earned money for me, i am full to burst and my bladder is screaming for relief. It will take all my power to hold it.” she said, smiled back and went with rubbing knees to the coffee shop.

*002*2024-04-17 21:15

The guy bought the girls ticket exactly beside his seat and went to the coffee shop where the girl was already sitting with her legs tight crossed.

He sat down and invited her for a drink, because a drink is always good for to make a desperate girl even more desperate and for to overfill an already full bladder even more.

”I am Peter and who are you? Tell me something about you and tell me why are you needing to the toilet since hours?” he asked.

”So many questions at once. My name is Kate and as i already told you, i am a student.” she answered.

”And you want to know why my bladder is so full. The answer is very simple, i have not weed since 7 am and now it is 7.30 pm, i am holding it for more than 12 hours.” said Kate.

”Oh my god, i am loving that, I love girls with a strong bladder and a good body control!!! But why are you doing it, why are you holding it for so long? You told me that you would need to go since hours, why didn’t you already go?” asked Peter and had a problem to hide his stiff penis in his tight trousers.

”Again many questions.” said Kate.

“ I always used to be one of the girls who didn’t use the toilets at school. Usually it is not a big problem for me to wait until i am at home, not even if it is already urgently some hours before, but today i have not been at home and i had no chance to wee until now and now you want let me go, you will make me hold because you like to see a girl hold a bursting full bladder and you like to see her suffer a unbearable need to wee.” she continued.

”Oh yes i really, really love it! But please don’t ask me why, i can’t explain it, i just know that it turns me on very much to know that you didn’t wee since early morning and to know that you would need to go very bad it is so arousing for me that you are willing to hold it for 2 hours more. Will you be able to bear up for so much longer?” asked Peter.

”I have to be able, we have a deal, you bought the ticket and my bladder have to pay the price. It is the first time that my bladder earned money for me.” answered Kate.

” The film will start in a few minutes, we have to go inside now, but can we come back here to the coffee shop afterwards, i mean after the film, but before you go to the toilet, before you wee!!??

We can talk then about opportunities where your bladder can earn more money for you, or conversely how you can earn more money with your strong bladder.” said Peter.

”I don’t know how bad it will get during the next 2 hours, you bad boy bought me deliberately a large drink to make it worse and more difficult for me, but ask me again one hour later, then i give you the answer.” said Kate.

*003*2024-04-19 07:09

They did get up and walked in direction entry.

Kates walk made it visible that she was needing to wee. She walked with small steps, her thighs close together and with light rubbing knees.

Peter loved that kind of a girl walk and he loved to imagine how big and stretched her bladder must already have been after holding her urine from 13 hours and he loved to imagine how hard she must squeeze her slit between her sexy thighs tight to keep her panties dry.

They passed the toilets, Kate looked yearning to the door and said in a low voice “ what i am doing? Since hours i can think nothing else than to do a much needed wee. I am already needing it so bad that my bladder hurts and now i still don’t go although my bladder is about to burst. I must be crazy to torture myself so much.”

”Oh no Kate, you are not crazy, you are such a great girl. You are not just very pretty and very sexy, you have a good control over your gorgeous body as well, especially over your humanly needs and over your strong bladder. You are simply a perfect girl!! A real super girl!!” gushed Peter.

“May i feel your bladder if we are sitting inside? I would love that so much and if would be not adverse for you.” said Peter.

They made a verbal agreement, touching her bladder is allowed, but touching her slit between her wonderful thighs will be not allowed.

As soon as they were sitting the girl was crossing her legs very tight and Peter could no more wait any longer to put his hand on the girl’s belly. He could feel the fullness and the firmness of her bladder and he could not prevent that his penis was getting hard as a bone, he did not even want to prevent that. He loved it to be horny as hell!!

Kate was getting more and more restless and about one hour later she whispered “ the last drink is killing me!!! My urge is getting nearly unbearable. My bladder is so full that it feels like she will explode.”

”You are doing it so good, you are such a great girl, you will cope with this.” answered the guy and had his right hand fare up on the girl’s naked upper thigh.

Kate did let him do that, she allowed him that he was pushing her short skirt more and more up to her little panties.

Kate was suffering very much about her strong urge and her so much overfilled bladder, but on the other hand she was horny as well about it and about to get dominated from a guy who was so much older than herself.

It was so new for her that a man makes her hold her pee. It was new for her that a guy was getting turned on if she was not doing a much needed wee. It was also new for her that she was getting horny for herself about that circumstances.

It was exciting for her that she was able to turn a guy on so much on with her good pee holding performance and with her strong bladder and did like it to use her ability to tease the guy and to make him horny.

She discovered a new opportunity to “play “ with a guy and to make him horny, but now she was near the limit of her endurance she could not stand it much longer.

”I am needing to wee so unbelievably bad, i am near to wet my panties.” whispered Kate.

Peter had still his hand on her upper thigh and could feel how hard she tensed her muscles and how she was quivering from the effort to keep her wee inside her.

” You will not wee yourself, you are a strong girl, you can hold it!” said Peter and massaged and squeezed her sexy, nude thigh.

It was so unbelievably for Peter, he knew that girl just for a little bit over 2 hours, but it seemed for him that he knew her since a long time. The girl on the other hand felt at the same way.

They were so intime after a such a short time. They talked about pee holding, about a full bladder and about wet panties and Peter had his hand on Kates bladder and under her skirt between her thighs and the girl did let him do it.

”Are we going to the coffee shop afterwards?” asked the man.

”Yes, i would like that, but after i have been at the loo, after i weed.” answered Kate.

”No that is the wrong way, no loo and no wee before, we go first to the coffee shop and then we will see.” said Peter.

The girl had knotted the fabric of her skirt together and had pushed it hard between her wonderful, sexy thighs. Her thighs were naked until the top that way.

Peter could not get enough, he wanted to see more of the girls fight against her need to wee, a fight against to wet her panties.

He was sure that he would not let her go to the toilet before they will go to the coffee shop, her bladder has to stay FULL, because he loves bursting full girl bladders so much.

Girls who are desperate to pee are so unbelievably sexy and make him so much horny.

*006*2024-04-23 07:44

After the the film ended, they walked in direction coffee shop. Kate had already big troubles to suppress her strong urge.

The urine from the whole day was inside her so much overfilled bladder and wanted to come out of her little piss hole since so long. The pressure in her bladder was so high that she was needing all her body power to squeeze her sphincter shut.

To support her sphincter she pressed her thighs and her slit together as well.

She balled her hands to fists from the effort not to wee, from the effort to hold it back and to keep her panties dry.

As they were near the toilet she turned to the toilet door and said “ sorry but i HAVE to go now.”

”No you will not go, you are a big girl, you can hold it.” said Peter, took her by her hand and guided her to the coffee shop.

”I have not weed since more than 15 hours! What do you think how much longer i can hold it?” asked Kate.

”You are a healthy young girl, your girl bladder is elastic, flexible and very stretchable, it can get very, very big, it can stretch and expand to more than double size if you are just willing to hold it and willing to fill it really up .” answered the guy.

”How much longer?” wanted the girl know.

”One drink and one hour!” replied Peter.

The girl was full to burst and it was already hurting her not to wee for so long, but she agreed.

Kate learned so much about guy’s and about herself in the past 3 hours.

It was exciting for her and she did love it that she was able to turn a handsome, wealthy man near 35 on so much just with her bladder and with her talent and her ability to hold her wee.

On the other hand she was turned on very much for herself that she was made to hold, that she was “not allowed “ to use the toilet for a sooo much needed wee. Her strong urge was totally arousing for her although it was already painful.

That situation, needing to wee so inhumanly urgently, but being banned to go, to be dominated by a good looking man, made her very horny. Her panties were already a little bit wet, but not from wee, her little hole in her young cunt was still tight.

Sure that she would have been able to go to the toilet, but she didn’t, she did like to “play “ his game, or better their game.

She had to be the big girl who is able to hold it no matter how bad it gets, she had to be the good girl who NEVER pee.

Like a slave girl who has to wait for permission to wee even her bladder is near to explode.

Kate did play the good girl, but was the bad girl as well, she did already know how to tease the guy. She lifted her shirt to show Peter her bare, swollen belly. “Look how big my bladder became, it feels like a bowling ball inside my tummy. I need to wee so very, very bad, but you want let me go. I think you are a sadist, you like to torture a poor girl’s bladder.” she said and caressed her belly where the contours of her bladder was already visible.

”Maybe that i am a sadist, but you are a naughty gal, you like it to turn me on with your overfilled pee balloon, you should get punished for that.” answered Peter.

He had ordered the drinks, Kate was sitting with her legs tight crossed. Her short skirt was slid up very far.

She did show him her naked, sexy thighs near up to her panties.

This view and the knowledge that the girl didn’t wee since early in the morning, not only once since 16 hours, made Peter very horny. Kate could see that in his trousers and she did like it as well.

” You know now that i love it if a girl is holding a bursting full bladder, you know that it turns me on very much if a girl is needing to wee but don’t go, if she is putting it off until she absolutely can’t no more and no longer. And it seems that you are a super talent in this discipline.

I know about you that you like cinema and that you are good in pee holding.

If you like theater, musical, sport events, or if you would like to go for a dinner to a fancy restaurant as well, then i would love to do go there with you.

You have nothing else to do than to bring your bladder very full to our meetings.

You do it like you did it today, you don’t wee after your morning pee early in the morning. You hold it the entire day before we meet and then you will not go to the toilet all evening long.” said the guy.

*007*2024-04-23 12:33

{{11 hours ago, HoldingPrinces said:

Great story. Please continue. She can definitely hold much longer than she thinks. Make her hold at least till midnight.

}}

Thank you, i am glad that you like my story.

I agree with you, she can definitely hold much longer than she thinks.

Girl can always hold it longer than they think if they have to.

Kate didn’t wee since early morning, she is needing to go since many hours, you think that she will be able to hold it nevertheless until midnight?

*008*2024-04-24 07:21

{{On 4/23/2024 at 2:49 AM, univgirlkelsie said:

Damn i wish i were her. if i could be in that situation with someone i actually knew, it would be paradise

}}

Great and exciting that you wish to were her!

Would you like to show a guy your big strong bladder, your ability to hold it, your ability to control your bodily needs, especially to control your bladder?

Would you like to demonstrate to a guy your great holding performance and turn him on that way, or would you like it more that a guy makes you hold and don’t let you to the toilet for a much needed wee?

Both??

You would like to be in Kates situation, there are so many guys who would love to bring you in such a situation, who would love to spend time with you when you hold a bursting full bladder in your abdomen, when you would not wee although you would need to go very urgently since hours.

There are so many guys who loves girls and women who are desperate, there must be many guys for you!!! I would be one of them!!

*010*2024-04-24 21:52

This offer turned Kate on very much. The imagination to make her bladder full and to hold her wee for this guy was absolutely arousing for her.

And the imagination to have her bladder full from the day when they meet and that he would not let her to the toilet no matter how bad she would need to go made her totally horny.

She did know that she was good in pee holding, because she never used the school toilets and was always waiting for to pee until she was at home.

Sometimes she did leave the school with her bladder pretty full and didn’t go straight home, she went with friends to a shopping mall and there she did drink, but did go not either.

Occasionally she came home late afternoon with a strong urge since hours, but went to her room without to use the toilet.

She stripped her clothes except her panties and watched her light bulging bladder in her usual flat belly. She pressed her very full bladder against the corner of her writing table, to make her urge stronger and to torture her bladder.

She was getting more and more aroused, stripped her panties, laid in her bed and started to masturbate.

She stoked with one hands finger her tight cunt and pressed and massaged with the other hand her overfilled bladder.

Kate read some sadomasochistic books especially about slaves, where girls were made to slaves and where they a not allowed to relieve oneself without permission.

Sometimes they were not allowed to wee for long periods of time and often when they did something wrong they were banned to piss for the whole day or longer as punishment, depending on the severity and at the mood of the master.

Kate did love to read stories where girls did get their bladders tortured and overfilled to burst during she masturbated, until she had a heavy orgasm one or two hours later.

She did like to imagine that she was one of the slave girls who was banned to pee from a man - from a master.

Now it became nearly reality, she was sitting with a bladder full about to explode obverse a man who would not let her go to the toilet for a so much urgently wee.

Kate was drinking her drink as she was told. Her bladder was hard and heavy like a bowling ball in her lower abdomen. She was needing to piss worse than ever before in her life but she did stay and endured the pee holding torture and enjoyed the situation.

A half an hour later, her glass was nearly empty, she pressed one hand between her sexy naked thighs and bent over.

”I need to wee so unbelievably bad!” she said and squeezed with her other hand her nude thigh very hard.

”I know it and i love it!!” said Peter.

“You are really, really good girl, you are absolutely special, i am deep impressed about you and about your bladder control, i think if we train you just a little bit more, we can make a bladder queen and a super girl of you.

We could meet for lunch as well if you would like that, but then you will not wee in the morning, you will no more pee after 9 pm. Did you think about my offer?” asked Peter.

Kate wanted to meet this guy absolutely again, she wanted to do all that things with him, but she wanted not agree so spontaneous, she wanted to make herself important and so she wrote her phone number on a paper and gave it to Peter and said “ can you call me next week, than we can talk about it.

”No, i don’t need your number, i will not call you, i give you my number and you call me, i want to be sure that you really want all that, but don’t wait to long, my offer will last just for 2 weeks.” said the guy.

The young girl was now totally bewildered and said ”I don’t need to wait 2 weeks, i can tell it you now, yes i want to meet you again, but may i finally piss now before my eyes turns yellow?”asked Kate.

”I am absolutely glad and happy, that we meet again, i am sure that we will have much fun and no, you may not piss now, you are now “my” big girl and you can hold it! You HAVE to hold it!!”replied the already very horny guy.

*012*2024-04-25 08:23

{{5 hours ago, HoldingPrinces said:

Yes. I agree with you. She looks like a very strong girl, indeed a super girl according to your explanations. So I'm sure that she can hold till midnight

}}

I am sure as well that she can hold it till midnight, because she HAS to hod it, Peter don’t let her go, but what would our super girl do if the toilets would be closed after midnight???

*017*2024-04-27 07:57

{{17 hours ago, Shadowdevil said:

Wow, What a great story! It's so well written. }}

I am glad that you like it!

Thank you very much for your compliment.

*018*2024-04-27 08:42

{{19 hours ago, wether said:

Interesting how this will go on. I had a similar idea some time ago - the idea was to make a woman hold her pee and then let her pee in a measuring jug. The more she would pee, the more she would earn.

}}

Once i had this idea as well, pay a girl for her pee output.

The more she can hold, the more she can pee at once in a measuring jug, the more money she can earn.

For her animation to hold it to her absolutely limit, maybe a little over it, should the price be progressive.

I would have called the story” Sell me your wee.”

It would be great if you write a story about it.

Maybe i’ll write one too!?

*019*2024-04-27 10:18

{{4 hours ago, Holding4ever said:

Gosh it would be such a turn on holding my pee for a horny guy, watching my every desperate move, attempting to cross my legs while looking normal, pretending I don’t have to pee so badly.

Definitely a turn on, it’s even better if the guy would pay me to endure it for a long time too.

}}

So hot and arousing your imagination to hold your pee for a horny guy.

He is horny because he knows that you have to wee very very bad, but you don’t go, you put it off and off, you don’t go to the toilet, you try to hide your need as good as you can and you pretend that you don’t have to pee so badly, but he can see it at your moves that you are desperate and that you lie.

If you would do that to me, i would punish you for that, i would bring you somewhere where you could not wee for hours longer, where you would have no opportunity, no chance to do a so much needed wee, where you had to hold your bursting full bladder although you are whining and you are nearly crazy from needing to wee so bad.

You would be forced to admit with your sexy legs knotted very tight, that your bladder will explode, or that you will piss in your panties if you can’t go to the toilet very soon.

Then i would ask you „ Are you now needing to pee badly enough?“

I absolutely agree with you, it would be a special turn on to pay a girl for pee holding and for endure it for a very, very long time!!!

The imagination that a girl is needing to wee very badly since a long time, then when she finally gets a chance to go to the toilet, to offer her money if she don’t go, is a great turn on!!! The pay her for to suppress her bodily needs for as long as she can is something special!!

What specifically would you turn on about it? Is it that you would sell this way a part of your body, especially the needs of your body, your bladder??

Thank you very much for answering !

*021*2024-04-27 23:44

Kates urge was getting more and more unbearable for her, she had to tense all the muscles of her slim, young body to keep her wee inside her, she did need all her body power to squeeze her pee hole shut to keep her little panties dry.

Peter had not seen her panties until then, he saw just a little of the white fabric over the girls slit between her hot, sexy, naked thighs when she changed her crossed legs from one side to the other side.

He did imagine how her bladder was bulging out over the waistband of her panties and how her belly must be swollen from all that wee what she is holding for so long.

Kate on the other hand could as well no more think some other than on her bladder.

Her bladder was so big and was bulging out from her flat belly so far that the skin over her bladder was stretched so much that it was putting extra pressure from outside on her overfilled bladder .

When ever she came home late afternoon, or early evening without a single wee since early morning, she went first to her room, stripped her clothes, looked at the mirror and watched her bladder bulge and enjoyed it.

She was sure that her bladder bulge was at the moment bigger than ever before, because her urge and her need was stronger than ever before.

She did think at all the sadomasochistic stories where slaves girls were not allowed to wee although they were full to burst and their bladders near to explode. She did think about that slaves girls were banned to piss for punishment for one day long and sometimes much longer and Kate did like that and was turned on very much to read that and about the imagination how the girls were getting tortured that way.

Kate did know very well that all girls need to wee once and that slaves girls will as well piss themselves if they are made just hold long enough.

She realized that there is a big difference between reality and imagination.

In her imagination would a slave girl have to endure much more and much longer than she at the moment, but in reality she could not stand it anymore, she could not bear up much longer, she was needing to wee so inhuman badly.

Although she was suffering so much, she was horny as well very much.

She was a pretty, attractive girl and nearly every boy in the school wanted to have her in his bed and wanted to have sex with her, she was a little bit disappointed that this guy wanted just her bladder.

At the same time as she thought it, asked Peter „ how will be the rules for our meetings? The same as before we went to the cinema, or can i get more from your gorgeous, sexy body?“

Kate was glad about that question, she wanted more, much more from that handsome guy, but she wanted to „sell“ her, her bladder, her pee holding talent and her young body as good as possible and therefore she answered short „ we will see.“ and smiled.

Kate counted the minutes until the hour was over, her sexy legs were tight crossed, the large glass was empty since a while, her urge was inhuman, as she said „I need to wee so indescribably urgently, i‘ll do it in my panties if i can’t go now.“

Peter did know very well that she would not be able to go to the toilet after the hour was over, because the toilets were in the cinema center and that was already closed.

“You can’t imagine how sexy you are if you are needing to wee so bad and you can’t imagine how much i love it that you will have to hold it until you are at home, because the girls room is already closed, but to save time, i bring you home, if you like it!?“ asked Peter.

“You evil big boy!“ said the girl.

“Why i am evil? because i bring you home, i am therefore evil?“ asked the guy.

“No You are evil because you did know very well that they would close the toilets and that i would have no opportunity to go after one hour!!

Do you want to see me wet myself? Is it that what you want?“ asked the girl.

“Oh no, it is turning on as well very much to see a pretty young girl pissing her panties, to see her wee running down on her legs, but i want to see you holding, no wee for you, hold it, your panties have to stay dry, you are my supergirl you can endure that.“ answered Peter.

The girl could no more stand upright, she walked lightly bended over with rubbing knees to Peter‘s car.

It was not a long way to her home. Peter had his hand on her naked thigh and could feel how she tensed her muscles to hold her wee from 18 hours inside her.

They were both very horny, the girl was ready to let him fuck her, she didn’t know if she would have been able to endure to get fucked with her bladder full to explode without to piss.

It was not possible to fuck in the car on the street and therefore the girl has to get out, but before she was getting out of the car kissed Kate Peter long and intense. Peter had his hand between her thighs and was rubbing the fabric off her panties over her slit where her wee wanted to come out so urgently.

He moved his hand up to her bladder and pressed hard on it.

The girl squalled, took Peter’s penis and squeezed as well very hard.

Next day called Kate and Peter invited her for Saturday for a lunch.

“Bring your bladder very full, no wee for you after 10 pm on Friday!“he said .

“ I will be your good girl, your super girl, on Saturday.“ she replied.

*022*2024-07-26 02:46

Peter picked Kate up with his car at 11.30 am from her home.

Kate did know what the guy wanted to see and she did show it to him.

She did wear a super short skirt, a denim T shirt and no bra.

The shirt stretched over her small, but well shaped breasts so much that her nipples were visible through the thin fabric of the shirt.

Her slender, sexy legs were bare from her toes up to her panties.

Peter was getting out of the car to open the door, like a gentlemen usually do that and let Kate inside.

As she was sitting down was her short skirt sliding up on her naked thighs nearly up to her panties.

She did let it glide up on purpose, because she did already know that Peter loves to see her slim thighs bare up to the top.

Peter loved very slender girls, nothing should be large about a girl‘s body except her bladder. Her bladder should be very large and sometimes stretched and expanded to a XXL size, to the size of a melon!

As soon as she was sitting he asked her „have you been a good girl?“

“Oh yes, i have been a good girl!

I have not weed since yesterday 9 pm and i didn’t have my morning pee although i was needing to go pretty urgent.“ answered Kate.

“You are really a good girl and you make me so happy that you brought me your bladder so very full to our date.“said Peter put his hand on her belly to feel how firm her lower abdomen and her bladder already was.

He could not resist to press softly on her overfilled bladder.

“The girl moaned, squeezed her thighs together and said „How can a man be such a sadist to torture a poor girl so much?“ she asked.

„It is high noon, you know very well that i have not weed for 15 hours and you press and push my very, very full bladder to make my need worse.“ said Kate and she said that for purpose, because she did know very well that it would turn him on.

She was suffering from needing to wee and he should suffer from horniness, she thought to herself and enjoyed the situation and she did like to see him suffer.

“Oh yes, i am a sadist, but just about to torture a girl’s bladder. Your big full bladder in your slim belly is the greatest sex toy for me what i can imagine.“ answered the man, pressed and squeezed her bladder again and put then his hand on the girl’s naked upper thigh.

“What will we do? Where are we going?” asked Kate and smiled to him.

“First we go for a lunch to a good restaurant in the woods not far away from here and the rest is up to you.

It is depending about your offer! Do you sell me just your bladder, or will you sell me that sweet little thing what you have between your gorgeous thighs as well.“ asked Peter.

Kate was appalled about that straight question. She is not a whore who sells her body for money, but on the other hand was it turning her on to imagine to earn money with her body.

“I‘ll think about it.“ answered Kate.

Half an hour later they arrived at the restaurant. They were sitting outside in the garden at a table in a quiet corner.

The girl was sitting opposite of Peter and showed him her naked thighs sometimes up to her white little panties and she loved to see how much it was turning him on.

He ordered food and drinks for both. Sure that Kates drink was very large.

The girl was getting more and more self restraint, because she noticed the strong effect of her young, slim body and of her full bladder to the guy.

“You should choose what you want, do you want to make me drink, or do you want to make me hold? Both will be not possible.

My bladder is large and strong, but it has a limit and my ability to endure the pain from needing to pee has a limit as well.“ said the girl.

„Okay, we make a compromise, that drink and no more for the rest of the day, but no pee as well for the rest of the day.“ answered Peter. „And did you already think about your offer to me!“ he asked.

“I think that will be impossible for me not to wee for the rest of the day, but i will do my best for you.

And i want to be honest i would love to have sex with you without money, because i like you and you are a handsome man, but it would be a extra turn on for me to be your bitch, your young girl slut and your little whore.

I make you a offer to pay a different price for a different service.

I make a price for holding my wee, a price for 5 minutes bladder torture. I think you will like to press and push in my belly, on my poor overfilled bladder to make my need worse and to torture me and then i make you an extra price for to fuck my dirty little slut cunt.

Sorry when i talk so dirty, that is not my usual language, i am well behaved, but that situation turns me on so much, it makes me so horny that i have to talk like that.“ said Kate.

“You don’t have to be sorry, you make my dreams come true, i love it if you talk dirty like that and i love it that you want to be my little peeholding whore!“ answered Peter.

