Iron Bladder University

Author: helpineedtopee

*000*2016-10-06 04:48

Summary

A girl named Jamie is sent to a school where they are forced to hold there pee all day or else.

Jamie just finished Ashton High and got accepted into a college that is called "Iron Bladder University". Of course, the family didn't expect a thing, and because they were poor, they wanted what they could get.

Chapter 1

Today, Jamie woke up to her mom saying "wake up, its time for school. Don't wanna be late for your first day!" Excited, she woke up, got ready,and went there. It was coincidentally down the street, but she would move in THERE. When she got there she got an inviting smile and a "your room 34. Also, I might advise you to... empty your bladder before class. Just in case". She just though "that was weird", and walked to her dorm. She still had 3 hours before class, so she went to meet her new roommate.

Her name was Taylor and she was 5'8'' and a brunette. She was really angry from the loss of sleep, but decided to let her in on some things with the school. She said "this school is... interesting. The name, says it all. You're only allowed to pee once during the morning and once for the evening. If you fail to hold, you get special detention and some crazy stuff happens. I hope you can hold... because your life is gonna get a WHOLE lot different now." She braced herself, and started unpacking.

Ok guys so the grammars kinda bad cuz I'm on phone and also let me know if I should make more chapters!

