A girl was not allowed to pee. Story 2!

Author: huberp76

*000*2020-01-16 15:32

Another experience with my friend from the shopping mall. I told you the story her on omorashi it was called „A girl was not allowed to pee.

We, that means, my friend, his girl friend and i was invited to a birthday party to another friend.

Years ago we went to school together and this friend who invited us,lived now in another part of our country.

We had to go about 7 hours by car, to get there.

We went with my friend‘s car and did leave early in the morning.

First he picked me up and then we went to his „girl friend „.

She were not ready, she did not hear her clock and so she was late and we had to wait about 15 minutes.

My friend was angry because we lost time.

He told us that he had something to eat and to drink for the journey and that we had enough petrol in the tank, so we did not have to stop.

The girl was a little bit afraid and told us that we had just to stop at the first parking lot, for a much needed wee for her.

She had no time to go in the morning.

“You don’t really think that we stop just to let you piss. We lost time enough with you, now you have to hold it „ said my friend.

Oh my god, how arousing was that for me.

“Oh no!!„ said that girl. „ I am holding it since yesterday evening, i need to wee really bad, i can’t endure that much longer“.

“You have to, i simply don’t stop for you„ my friend answered.

She told us that this would not be fair, that she get‘s punished now. She did not wee at home, because she did not let us wait any longer .

“Don’t talk anymore about it, just hold it! Your bladder will be strong and big enough “ my friend answered.

She was really quite for the next 3 hours.

We did know that this girl were needing to wee really bad and that her bladder must have been stretched and overfilled after holding it for so long, but nobody did talk about it.

A little after the halftime of our journey she said “ that it torture pur what you are doing to me, you want to make me hold a full bladder for 7 hours. Nobody can endure that!” she said.

” Sure, you can!” was the short answer from my friend.

She could not hide her strong urge and her need anymore.

To know how bad she was needing to go how long she were holding it and to see how she did fight to keep her panties dry, was total exciting for me.

One hour later she admitted that she would wet the seat if he would not stop to let her go.

I think he had no mercy for the girl and for her bursting bladder, it was more that he were afraid that she would make his seat wet, so he did offer to stop for her, but not at a parking lot with a loo, therefore would be not time enough.

He would just stop to let her pee beside the car.

She could not do that, she told him and were begging for a loo.

“If you really need to piss, than do it beside the car, or hold it.” he said.

She can’t do that, she told him.and Half hour later she were needing to wee so bad that she agreed, that she had to agree, her bladder forced her.

We stopped, she did get out of the car , lifted her short skirt, pulled her panties down at knees and squatted. I was hard and watched her, i wanted to see her wee and i wanted to see how much she were holding, but she did not wee, not a single drop.

She were bursting, but she could not pee.

My friend told her to come back in the car, we would not have endless time.

She were begging again for a loo, but he said that she had her chance and that she did not use it, so she have to hold it until we are there, maybe she is not needing it strong enough.

This girl were nearly crazy from needing to wee so bad, she told us how painful it would be to hold it for so long and that she would be afraid that her bladder could explode, if she don’t go, but my friend did not let her go, he did not let her wee for hours more, he made her hold it until we arrived.

Or friend was waiting and went on the street as soon he did see us.

We did get out of our car, the girl were standing beside the car, she could not stand straight, she were bent over and her nude legs were tight knotted.

“ Oh I see, first of all you will need a loo. As usual he did not stop for the entire journey? said our friend .

“ That would not have been a problem, but i had no time to wee in the morning “ the girl answered.

”Oh, you must be full to explode , did he not let you go ?„ said our friend and we went in the house.

“ No, he did not let me go, he never let me go if i need to, he always make me hold and wait,i think one time he will burst my bladder.“ the girl answered.

I wished i could make her piss in a bucket, i wanted to see how much she was holding, but that was not possible.

This girl were needing to wee so really, really bad, she were full to burst, but we boys did not really have mercy with her, we were total horny from her desperation and from her moves to hold it in, to keep her little panties dry.

We were standing outside the loo and were listening how the girl pissed.

Unbelievable how long and how hard she pissed, unbelievable how much she were able to hold, her bladder must have been big as a soccer ball and stretched to burst.

The girls from my friend were always trained to hold and their bladders had to be big as a melon.

This was a journey to remember for me.

I had more experiences with this friend and with girls, maybe i‘ll write about it sometimes.

*001*2020-01-16 21:52

Sorry for my bad English. It is really difficult for me to express my thoughts.

*003*2020-01-23 22:26

{{On 1/17/2020 at 4:41 AM, Sarah Miller said:

This story is so hot. Please write more of your experiences with these people. Your English is great!

}}

Thank you, i am glad that you like my stories and experiences.

I‘ll write next week another experience with my friend and two girls.

*005*2020-09-07 20:57

{{On 3/8/2020 at 11:16 AM, HoldingPrinces said:

Your English is good and your creativity and way of expression is brilliant. Please write more

}}

THANK YOU!!!

{{On 3/8/2020 at 11:16 AM, HoldingPrinces said:

Your English is good and your creativity and way of expression is brilliant. Please write more

}}

THANK YOU!!!

