Desperation in a school bus

Author: huberp76

*000*2022-03-20 22:54

It happened at a day trip from the last class high school. It was a kind of a finale class outing.

The boys and the girls were all between 18 and 19.

On the way home, at evening, nearly all of them were for different reasons desperate to pee.

Some did hold it, because they don’t like public toilets, some did like it to hold it for long periods and did use this situation for a good opportunity, some did know that they have a good bladder control and wanted to wait until at home, some did drink to much and some had a little bladder.

But the main reason for their desperation was a traffic accident on the motorway near their home city.

They were standing still and had to stay in the bus for more than 2 hours.

There was a boy, he was skinny and did wear short shorts. He was squeezing permanent his slim nude thighs from needing to pee so bad.

Two rows in front of him was a girl who lived near his home. Many times they did take the same bus from school.

It was clearly visible that she was needing to wee really bad too. She pressed her skirt with both hands in her crotch.

She was thin, like the boy, her slim thighs were nude until the top, but she did not care about it, she was needing to wee so bad that she could not think about anything other than at her hurting bladder.

The boy went to her seat, bended over to her and asked her how she are feeling and asked her if she would also need to wee urgently.

She told him that she is so full that she is afraid that it will come out from her ears. She could not even imagine that peeholding can get so painful.

She was needing to wee since long before they went to the bus, but she has a good bladder control and she can hold it for long periods of time and normally it would have been not a big problem for her to wait until at home, but not for hours longer, she told him.

”I absolutely can understand how you are feeling , it’s the same at me, i am needing to pee since noon and now my bladder hurts like it will explode at any moment.“ he said.

The girl who was sitting beside the skinny girl changed the seat with the boy for the rest of the journey.

It is unusually to talk with a girl about pee need and peeing, but they did both get tortured from their bursting full bladders, they could not talk about something else.

”I never in my life needed to wee worser than now. My bladder is big like a soccer ball and hard as a stone.” she said and lifted her shirt to show him her belly.

To see how her bladder was visible bulging out and to see how she was rubbing her knees and to hear her moaning, made him horny, he wanted more of it, he wanted to fuck her full like that, but there was his own bladder what was hurting so much, so he wanted nothing more than to piss.

The bus was starting to move and as soon as they came near the parking lot, they did get up and went to the door, to be the first who could get out.

They were both standing and moving in a way that everybody could see that they were bursting, but they did not care about it, they simply could not care about it, because they could not hide it anymore.

As soon as the door opened, they did get out. There were some bushes near. The boy went to the bushes and started to piss full force. The girl went, with one hand under her skirt behind the bushes. She pulled her panties down and before she could squat, she started to pee with high pressure.

First they had both their eyes closed, but after a few seconds, as they opened their eyes, they could see each other piss.

The girl could see the boys pissing dick and the boy could see the girls pissing cunt, he could see how it was jetting out between her slim thighs.

They watched each other and no one of them did stop, maybe they could not stop after holding it for so long.

They did take the same bus from the parking lot to their home.

The girl told him that her bladder still was hurting and that she was never needing to go so bad before in her life.

They did never had a date before, but their frantic need to pee brought them closer.

The boy was sitting beside her, his hand was sliding up on her naked, slim thigh up to her panties. He pressed the fabric of her panties in her slit and she did let him do it.

She moaned, but now not from need and pain, now from lust and horniness.

Nex day they had their first date.

On the bus from the outing, were much more desperate girls and boys.

Three of them were Peter, Daniel and Sue. They spendet all the day together and on the way home Sue become very desperate.

(continue)

*001*2022-03-21 22:20

Part 2

Our two skinnies had their first date. They spent all afternoon together and at the evening after a dinner, the boy did take her to his room.

No one of them had a pee during that time and they did not even talk about it and also not about their desperation from yesterday.

Yesterday they said that they would have normally a good bladder control and now they wanted to prove it, if they really had a good ability to hold it, it would be not necessary to go to the toilet after only 7 hours.

They were both so excited, they could not wait to see each other naked and to feel the others thin body against the own body.

They did lie in the bed and pressed their bellies together and suddenly the girl said “not so hard on my bladder, i am needing to wee.”

”Me to .” said the boy. “But we don’t go now!”

”For sure not! We are good in holding.” answered the girl and smiled.

It was so painful and it was hurting so much yesterday, but on the other hand it was arousing too, especially before it was getting so extreme painful .

Now they did lie in the bed with their bladder full, needing to wee and knowing that the other would need to go too.

Hot and arousing for both of them. The boy pressed hard in the girls skinny, but swollen abdomen to increase her urge and the girl moaned from needing to wee and from lust.

They tortured each other before they had sex, with their full bladders.

This was the beginning of a addiction!

After that day they met two, three times a week and they did let their bladder get fuller and fuller, before they had sex.

Now back to our friends in the bus.

Peter was sitting beside Sue and Daniel behind them.

Sue was needing to wee so bad. She wanted to go to the loo before they did leave at their last destination.

They were at a large parking lot with a kiosk and with toilets.

All three were standing on the kiosk, Peter invited them for a large drink.

Sue said that she will go for a quick wee, but Peter told her that she should stay , because there is a line in front of the ladies and that it will only last 2 hours until they would be at home.

“But it would be urgent.“she said.

“Urgently!? what do you mean with urgently? Would you pee your panties if you don’t go?“ Peter asked provocative.

“Sure not!“ answered Sue a little bit angry.

“Then stay and hold it! We don’t want to miss you for so long.“ replied Peter forceful.

In reality the boys wanted to make her hold her full bladder, it was so exciting for them to know that she would need to wee and that she would have no chance to go for over two hours more.

Sue did stay, she did not go to the loo, she did drink her large drink and went to the bus with her full bladder.

The boys did love it!!

They were already standing for longer than one hour because the traffic accident.

Sue was needing to go so urgently bad, Peter was sitting beside her and he did know that and he loved it.

He did love it too to tease her and so he asked „how are you?“

“You don’t really ask me that!? I nearly do it in my panties and you are guilty.“ she answered.

Peter turned back to Daniel, smiled and said „our poor Sue is needing to wee so bad, she is nearly doing it in her panties, she said.

”Do you know a way how we can help her?” Peter asked his friend.

”You two can’t help me and wan’t help me, you like it that i need to wee so bad, and that i can’t go.” said Sue.

(continue)

*002*2022-03-22 22:21

Part 3

The two boys had intended , scheduled that the girl would have a full bladder on the way home.

They had nearly organized to prevent Sue from going to the loo touring all day.

At lunch, they did not let her alone for not only one minute. The boys did not go too, because they did not wanted to animate Sue to go.

They did not made her to drink to much, just on the final stop before they went home, Peter did buy a large drink for her on the kiosk.

To that time she was needing to wee, she wanted to go to the toilet, but Peter prevented her to go and she did let him prevent her, but to that time she did not know that she would be trapped for two hours longer in the bus and she did not respected that the large drink was on the way to her bladder.

The boys did know very well that Sue had not weed since she left her home early in the morning and they did love that fact.

How could the boys have so much pleasure to torture the poor girl so bad, how could they have so much pleasure to see her needing to wee so really, really bad, although they did like her very much.

Sue on the other hand, did like the boys too, she felt totally attacked to them, especially to Peter.

She did like it and she was glad to have the chance to spend time with Peter and she did not wanted to destroy this situation just about her silly bladder, she had to squeeze her little hole tight, she had to hold it, no matter how bad it will get.

She did like it to be able to arouse the boys with her pee holding performance.

Peters shorts were short and Sues skirt was slipped up fare over her knees.

Peter pressed his nude thigh against Sues nude thigh and she pressed against.

It was so arousing and erotic for her to feel the boys skin on her skin.

She was rubbing her knee on his thigh and he enjoyed it. He had a great desire to put his hand on her thigh or better between her thighs, but he could not do that, there were teachers who was looking for moral.

Sometimes she moaned and sometimes she suppressed her needs so hard that he could feel vibrations on his thigh.

”Is it that bad “ he asked her.

”It’s more than bad, it’s nearly unbearable .”she answered.

Both did enjoy the rest of the journey for their own way.

The boys lived in the same village, about a half an hour from the bus stop and the lived on village farther.

As soon as they arrived at the parking lot, Sue wanted to go to the train station.

Peter had a little sport car, just for 2 persons, but nevertheless he offered Sue to bring her home. They are slim, they would have space enough for three, he said.

Sue was standing with her legs tight crossed and said “thank you for your offer, but i can’t endure that for 40 minutes longer, my bladder is full to explode, i must go to the train station, there is toilet.”

The boys were disappointed, they wanted the girl for their own in the small car, they wanted to feel the vibrations of her frantic need to wee.

Peter said “ You need 20 minutes if you walk to the train station. It is everywhere bright on the way, you can’t squat somewhere, you have to hold it until you are there and 20 more minutes will be not so easy for you if you have to walk.

If you go with us, you can sit and at about 10 minutes we are out of the town, we stop and you can squat, then we bring you home till your garden door.”

”Okay, I’ll go with you, but only if you promise me that you stop as soon as possible to let me wee.” she answered.

The poor girl is needing to wee since so long, she is needing to wee so bad and now she go in a super small car with 2 horny boys! What will they do with her?

*003*2022-03-23 23:03

Part 4

The two boys were in their desperation heaven to get a pretty girl, full to burst in their car.

It was Peters car, he was the driver. Daniel was sitting beside him and Sue set on Daniels lap.

It was not allowed, but they did not care about it.

Daniels shorts were short and Sues mini skirt were sliding up very high, so that Daniel could feel the girls naked thighs on his naked thighs.

It was so hot for him, he wanted more, so he pulled her skirt away so that she was sitting with her nude thighs directly at his lap.

Just the thin fabric of her little panties and the fabric from his shorts, were between her urgently pee needing cunt and his hard dick.

The girl was needing to wee so bad. Since lunch she suppressed her urge, she did not go to the toilet, because she did not wanted to leave the boys alone, just for a wee.

She did putted it off and wanted to wait for a better opportunity.

At the kiosk, before they went home, was her last chance, there she had to go already really bad, but Peter did not let her.

She weed not since early morning and the “peeball” inside her belly was hurting from being sized up to a unusual size.

She moaned and was shivering around with her ass on Daniels hard dick, that he was afraid to cum in his shorts.

The boys grabbed the girl on all parts of her body, thighs, between her thighs and her firm breasts.

Sue could always feel three hands rubbing her body, she was in ecstasy from horniness and from pee desperation.

Not until they did pass, she did notice the parking lot on the motorway.

”Why did you not stop? You promised me to stop at the first opportunity!

Let me pee! Please let me pee, i can no more, my bladder will burst if you don’t let me go! “ she begged.

“You must have seen the signpost, you did not say something, so i thought that you would be able to hold it until at home. Now you have to wait until the next parking lot.” Peter answered.

”That is not fair! You did break your promise! What do you think how long a girl can hold her wee?” Sue said angry.

”I don’t know it, but a girl should always be able to hold it until she gets a chance to go.” Peter replied.

”That is no more funny, please stop and let me wee, i really can’t wait any longer.” she said.

”You don’t wee now? You don’t wet my shorts now?” Daniel asked afraid.

”Not now, but soon!” she said.

Daniel did feel, with his hand how big and how hard Sues bladder was.

”She is holding so much wee down there, i think it will be better to stop at the next parking lot, before she wet herself and me too.” said Daniel to his friend.

He would love it so much to press on her swollen bladder, but he was afraid that she piss his shorts.

He pressed just softly on her bulging bladder,it was more massaging, the girl was squirming and moaning , but she could keep her panties dry.

Did they let her wee, or did they make her hold it longer?

(continue)

*004*2022-03-27 00:47

Part 5

Sue had not used the toilet all day, not since she left her home early in the morning. She felt a urge to wee since before noon, she did put it off and did not go, just for don’t loose time to spend with Peter and Daniel.

She wanted to show and to prove that she is a big girl, who has a good body control and not one of the weak wee wee girls who are needing a loo every 2 hours.

Beside she did hear it and she did know it from her own that some boys like it if girls hold their full bladder for hours.

Maybe that was the reason why Peter prevented her to use the toilet at the parking lot, she thought to herself.

Shy wanted to be strong for the boys, but now was it to much.

It was absolutely torture for her, her bladder was hurting from being overstretched and expanded to more than double size.

Her urge was stronger than she could imagine that a urge to wee could get.

She was at the limit of her endurance, she slipped with her little ass on Daniels lap.

He could feel her naked thighs on his nude thighs, his hands were on the girls swollen belly and when he pressed just a little bit, very softly on her bulging bladder, he could feel how she tensed her thighs muscles and how squeezed her buttocks hard together.

That was like massage, for his hard dick, what she did with her firm, little ass. He was afraid to cum in his shorts.

”Please stop, please let me finally pee! I’ll doing it in my panties, if you don’t stop.” she said worried.

”I think we should stop before she piss on me, before she wets her panties and my shorts.” said Daniel to Peter.

Peter drove at the next parking lot and stopped far away from the the toilets.

Sue should not get the chance to go to the toilet, she should not have the chance to close the door behind her and to piss her bursting full bladder empty, without that the boys have fun and joy with her.

He stopped his car on a quiet place with bushes and with a wooden table and benches.

Sue did try to get out of this little car, she did it very slowly with one hand pressed between her thighs.

She walked with rubbing knees and half crossed legs to the bushes beside the table, pulled her little panties down under her knees and started to piss before she really could squat.

Peter did get out as fast as possible from his car, went to the Sue, grabbed between the girls naked thighs, straight in her powerful pee jet, pressed one of his fingers hard on her little peehole and stopped the flow.

His hand was totally wet from her smelly, hot urine.

She did just wee for a few seconds and so her bladder was still full to burst.

“Do you think that you can pee now? Absolutely no! I don’t let you! All day long i could not think anything other than to fu….. you full like that.“ Peter said.

Sue did dream since a long time to get fu…. from Peter, but not then when her bladder is full to burst, but she did let him do, she let him own her body.

Peter laid the girl on the table, pressed her thighs apart and fuc…….her like crazy.

The boy pressed hard on the girls bladder to make her strong urge even more strong, he tortured her bladder very bad, but the girl could endure that.

Daniel turned Sues face to the side and pushed his hard dick in Sues mouth.

All three orgasmed all to the same time. After all Sue squatted and pissed finally full force for extreme long.

Peter did the same, also that long.

“You must have been bursting too!“ said Sue, as she watched him piss.

“Oh yes, we both did hold it all day, because we did not wanted to animate you to go. I think Daniel is even more full, he did drink one large beer more than me.“ said Peter.

„Oh yes, i am really, really full, i thought you burst my bladder as you were sitting on my lap and pressed with your firm ass hard against my bladder.“ said Daniel.

“It was painful and it did hurt a lot, but it was so good, it was absolutely the best sex i ever had. I think we should do that next week again.“ said Sue.

Now back in the bus, there was another girl, her name was Lily, she did neither not wee since she left early in the morning.

She did use this journey to train her bladder.

She did need a strong bladder, because she sometimes earned money with, or for her full bladder.

(continue)

*005*2022-03-27 15:15

Part 6

Peter and Daniel brought Sue directly home to the front of her garden door.

On the way she was sitting again on Daniels lap and again she could feel the hands from the boys on all parts of her body. They were already horny again.

Sue said “that was unnatural not to wee for so long and it was inhuman and painful, but it was absolutely hot and arousing.

We had together about 4.000ml urine in our bladder, we would have been able to overflow your little car with so much pee.

It was torture, but i did like it!”

They met again one week later for a hot bursting full bladder sex, but before sex they tortured the girls bladder utterly.

Now to Lily. Lily made money with her bladder and therefore she had to have a big, strong and good trained bladder witch had to be able to a large amount of urine for a very long time.

She did use this journey for a training, she wanted to make her self hold her wee from leaving home until coming back home.

Since a few months she is working for a agency. She makes escort services, but just escort without sex.

There is only one exception, there is one Businessman, with him she stay overnight and with him she has sex.

He is a good looking, young man with the best manners.

He did rent her for one evening by way of the agency.

Already at the dinner he started to swarming about her awesome body and about her great slim, long legs.

After dinner they went to a bar and after drinking for hours and not using the restroom all the time, she excused her for the ladies.

He begged her to stay, but she told him that she would need wee since they were in the restaurant and that it would be really urgently now.

He told her although to stay, because he would love it so much, to know that she would need to wee, but don’t go.

She should hold it for him and he would pay extra money for her full bladder.

Lily did not go, she did drink and did hold her wee back, because the money was good and the man was nice.

(continue)

*006*2022-03-27 21:48

Part 7

The guy made her drink and hold for 2 hours longer and it was getting more and more difficult for Lily to hide her strong need to wee.

He did love to watch her holding and he asked her again and again how bad she would need to go and how full and stretched her bladder already was.

She should tell him experiences where she was needing to wee really, really bad, experiences where she had to hold it for extreme long periods.

The guy could not get enough from Lily and from her strong bladder and from making her hold. He wanted to take her to the hotel for staying all night, but Lily refused.

They met every 2 or 3 weeks and Lily had to hold her wee all the time they spent together.

It was like a rule that she did not use the bathroom, how bad she ever would have needed it and no matter how full her bladder was, she had to hold it, exactly that was it what the man loved and wanted.

Sue was getting better and better and she earned a lot of extra money for holding it and for torturing her bladder.

The guy did not stop to ask her for to stay overnight, but not before they met the fifth time she did accept his good offer.

He wanted nothing more than to have sex with her when her bladder was full and big like a soccer ball.

(continue)

*007*2022-03-28 20:12

Part 8

Like at the evenings before, Lily did not use the restroom at their meetings, her bladder was full with hot girl wee, but she did not go before they left the restaurant.

It was like a unwritten law “no wee for Lily !”

Half an hour later, in the hotel room, the guy started slowly to undress the pretty girl, his heart was beading like crazy from nervousness and from lust.

Lily’s heart was beading just as fast, because it was the first time for her that she did let her fuck for money.

She did not really feel bad about it, because she did like him and she did it willingly and gladly.

Lily was now undressed, it was the first time that he saw her young, gorgeous body totally naked.

He kissed her and wanted to lay her on the dopple bed.

”May i go to the bathroom before?” she asked shy.

”You may go when ever you want, but i would love it if you don’t go. You can’t imagine how i love it to know that you would need to wee since hours and that you are still holding it. I did see how you was rubbing your knees at the restaurant and i could see how you crossed your wonderful legs just before, down at the reception. It is so hot and arousing for me to know that you suppress your strong urge since so long and it drives me nearly crazy to see the first time you belly and your bladder, it is so hot to see how swollen your belly is and to see how your full bladder is bulging out from your flat abdomen.” the guy said.

”I don’t go, i try to endure more for you, i hold my wee back, but please be careful and gentle with my bladder, don’t press, or push on it, otherwise i would wet our bed.” the girl said.

He did take her in his arms, carried her to the bed and laid her soft down.

He caressed her lower abdomen tender, especially there where her bladder was bulging out “you are holding so much wee down there, i love it so much to feel your bladder witch my hand, to feel how full and how hard it is. I think you have to pee really, really bad! Don’t you? Tell me how bad!!” he said and pressed soft on her bladder.

”So bad that it hurts and so bad that i am doing it in the bed, if you don’t stop to press on my bladder.” Lily answered.

”Sorry!” he said and started to fuck her gentle and tender.

After sex, she pissed her swollen, bulging belly flat.

She slept snug in his arms until the morning and then they fucked again.

After that night they met a few times more and he wanted more and more from the girl and especially from her poor bladder.

That was the reason why she did train her bladder to hold more and to hold it longer, that was the reason why she wanted to hold her wee at the journey from leaving home until be back at home. It was a good opportunity for a bladder training and 2 hours more on the motorway was a extra training.

Exactly as the bus stated to move, the guy called her and told her that he is in the down and that he would like to meet her, to spend the night with her.

Lily did not wee since early in the morning, her bladder was full and she was sure that he would not let her go, but she agreed, although she did know that her bladder would get tortured for hours more.

(continue)

*008*2022-03-30 21:34

Part 9

Lily was needing to wee, but she was not really desperate. She learned to hold it and she did learn to ignore her urge and she did learn to have her bladder full for hours, even it was already painful.

Sometimes ago, she did talk with her colleagues from the agency about pee holding, she wanted to know if they had customers who did like that, or if she would be the only one.

There were two girls, in their early twenties, who did escort service already for some years and they told her that there are some guys who like it to see girls piss and some who wants to get peed on from a girl.

“Many of such guys make us girls drink and hold until our bladders are full to explode, because they want to see us piss extreme long with high power and high pressure, or they want to get pissed on with a large amount of urine.” said one of the two.

Another girl told her, she was just a little older than Lily, that she was made to hold for money.

She did get money for holding her full bladder, sometimes for holding it as long as any possible. She did get money for needing to wee but don’t go. She did let her bladder earn money for her and did hold it to her limit.

The first time she noticed it when she was with three guys for a dinner and then in a bar.

After a while in the bar and after some large drinks, she excused her for the girls room, but the men said that she should not leave them alone, she would be a big girl and be able to hold it.

They did not wanted to let her go, but they ordered more drinks for them, especially for the girl.

It was a exciting situation, the guys did know that she was needing to wee and she did know that the guys did know that her bladder was full with urine.

No girl can hold it forever, she had not used the toilet all evening and so she said a little later „sorry guys, i have to go now, my bladder can’t wait any longer.“ The guys did offer her money for to stay and for not go to the toilet. It was obvious that they wanted to see her hold her wee and that they wanted to make her desperate.

It was a lot of money and so she agreed, one hour one drink. The guys did love to see her squirming and suffer.

One hour later, she was frantic, but the guys did offer her more, much more money, for one more hour.

She did violate her poor bladder one more hour, she did suffer the worse painful urge in her life, but she could bear it and she got a lot of money for it.

Since than some of the guys and some of their friends did rent her for making her needing to wee and don’t let go, for filling her bladder to the bursting point.

Our Lily was still in the bus, her bladder was full from the day and she did know that her guy would not let her go for some hours more.

She looked at her watch, she should be at 10 pm at the hotel and with a little bit of luck she would have time to use the toilet at the university witch was on the way from the parking lot to the hotel.

She could wee just a little, not even the half, just to ease the pressure and she would have her bladder full as usual when they meet.

As soon as the bus arrived at the parking lot, the two skinny’s went behind the bushes, the girl with one hand under her short skirt and pressed between her thighs.

As Lily was at the Exit, she got a call. It was her guy, he told her that he was waiting just behind the bus, near the bushes.

He did not wanted to loose time and he did not wanted to let her walke for so far, that’s why he picked her up from the bus, he told her.

She did not have to walk, but her bladder would get punished for that.

No wee for Lily, she is a big girl, she should hold it!!!!

(continue)

*009*2022-04-03 16:28

Part 10

Lily’s bladder was full!

Her poor girl bladder was forced to hold the urine from all day and was getting already big as a ball inside her slim lower abdomen.

Lily was needing to wee since many hours and now she would not get a chance to go for hours more.

On one hand she was glad to see him, because she did like him and did like to spend time with him and to get money, on the other hand she was needing to wee really bad and she did know that he would not let her go and that she would have to suffer.

Or would he let her wee just for some seconds before sex, if she tells him that she is holding it for so long, since early in the morning? Would he allow her just to ease the pressure in her overfilled bladder?

She did take place in his big Mercedes, her skirt was short and was slide up very high, so that she did show him very much from her slim, nude, sexy thighs.

He put his hand on her thigh, kissed her and said “I am glad to see you!”

He told her that he know that it would be late for a dinner, but he was hungry and so he made a reservation in a restaurant near the hotel.

Lily was afraid to hear that, 2 hours longer pee holding for her.

She did think at her colleague from the agency, she said that she gets money for nothing if she gets paid for not to pee.

That sounds very easy to do nothing, but if you have to do something very, very urgently, if you have to pee like crazy, if your bladder is painful overfilled and then to do nothing, not even to take a much needed wee, then it is not really easy, but it must be possible! How long? Where is the limit? She thought to her self.

The guy could see how the girl was holding her legs tight together and he did hope to know the reason for that, he wanted to know it and so he started to talk.

”I was waiting in the car for you, i was standing near the bushes and i could see that a young couple went directly from the bus behind the bushes. The girl had one hand between her slim thighs and the boy did seem as he had to pee very urgently as well.

I could see and hear them piss with a strong jet very long and very loud.

There were some other boys and girls who seem like they were desperate. Did you not stop for a long time?” The guy wanted to know.

Lily told him that the last chance for a toilet was at a parking lot, but some of us did not use it, they did drink at a kiosk rather than to go to the loo.

Usually they would have been at home in about 2 hours, but of course a traffic accident, they were trapped 2 hours longer in the bus.

“And you? Did you use the last chance for a wee?“ he wanted to know.

“No! I did not go.“ she answered.

“That means that you did not wee since lunch?“ he asked.

“No, i have not been at the toilet in the restaurant.“ said Lily.

“Don’t tease me like that, tell me when did you wee at last?“

„My last wee was when i did get up early in the morning at home. I hold my bladder since more than 16 hours. I hope you like to hear that!!?“ she said.

“Never before i did hold it back for so long, but now i can’t any longer, i need to wee so bad now! Do you let me go in the restaurant?“ she asked.

“You are always allowed to go, but i think and i know that you can hold it longer, much longer if you really want it!“ the guy said.

„I can’t imagine to hold it back much longer. What do you think how long can a girl go with out to pee? Did you ever read something about it? Lily wanted to know.

“Some girls can hold their wee back in their huge, strong bladder for 24 hours and some can endure not to pee even longer. Would you try to hold it 24 hours for me?“ he asked.

She told him that he did pay to the agency for to have sex with her and that it would be absolutely impossible for her that she could have sex full like that and then to sleep until morning without to wee.

He would relinquish to fuck her this evening if she would relinquish to wee before sleeping, he told her.

“And then you would love to have sex with me in the morning, before you let me go to the bathroom!?“ she asked.

“Yes, yes that is it what i absolutely would love to do!“ answered the guy.

She told him that she can’t imagine that she would be able to endure that, but his offer was so good that she could not resist and so she did agree and said that she would try it!

Can Lily sleep with her bladder full from all the day?

(continue)

*010*2022-04-05 07:27

Part 11

They went to the restaurant, he was sitting across from the girl, her short skirt was far over her knees.

To see her nude thighs and to know that she was needing to wee was exiting and arousing for the guy.

He wanted to hear that she would have to pee, it would have been like music for him, if she tells him how bad she would need to go and so he simply asked „how are you?“

”Except that i would need to wee, really good.“ she answered short.

Exactly that was it what the guy wanted to hear. “Is it bad?” he asked further.

”No, not really, i have a strong, solidly urge and i can feel my bladder like a heavy ball in my abdomen , but it is to bear, i can hold it, but why do you guys like it so much if we girls are full to burst and desperate to pee, why do you make us hold?” she wanted to know.

Lily told the guy that there were 3 boys and 3 girls in the bus. At the parking lot they did drink beer, the boys made the girls drink a lot. No one of them went to the loo, just at the moment as we were called to go back in the bus, the boys went behind the bushes. The girls said that they would need to go too, but there was not enough time for the girls to go to the toilet, they had to hold it.

It did not take a long time until the girls were desperate, their bladders were full and there was so much beer on the way to their already full bladders.

Lily was sure that the boys did it on purpose, they wanted to torture the girls, they wanted to see them suffer and they wanted to see how they act, when they reach their limit and can’t go, what will they do?

2 extra hours on the motorway, were the hell for the girls, they pressed their hands between their thighs, they were bending over and they did wail from needing to wee so bad.

At the end of the journey the girls were frantic to wee and the boys did love it! They did tease the girls, they asked if their panties would be still dry, or already a little bit wet. They asked how long they would be able to hold it.

”Why do you guys like it so much to torture us girls, not let us wee when we would need it so much and so bad?”asked Lily.

“Boys have always lust and desire to touch a girls body, boys always wants to have sex with a girl and if a girl move her body from needing to wee, if she press their hands between her thighs, the desire for a boy gets bigger to do that too, to grab her between her thighs, to touch her thighs, her panties and that what a girl has underneath her panties.

Girls who are really, really desperate loose their shyness, they can only concentrate to hold back their urine, they don’t care if someone see their naked thighs and their panties.

I think the boys wanted that the girls had their bladders full as they went to the bus, they did like it that they would be trapped for hours, with no chance to take a much needed wee, they wanted to see them fight against their strong and painful urge and maybe some wanted to see a girl wetting her panties.

It is the same at me, i love your wonderful, slim legs, they are absolutely sexy for me, but if you move them from needing to wee so bad, they get even more sexy for me.

To know that you are needing to pee, to know that you have not been for so long , is absolutely arousing for me and i can never get enough from it.

I can’t wait to see your belly, i think it must be already swollen from your overfilled bladder, i can’t wait to see your bladder bulging out from your lovely belly and i would love it so much, to press and push on it.” said the guy.

They had a fast dinner and he did not make her drink to much, he wanted that she would be able to reach her goal, to hold it for 24 hours and he wanted to reach his own goal, he wanted to fuck a girl who did not wee since 24 hours.

One hour later they were in the bed, totally naked.

Lily lay on her side, the guy behind her, his hard dick between her upper thighs and pressed hard against her butt, his hand on her swollen abdomen, he could feel the hardness from her bladder.

The light was out and the girl said “you know it very well that this is torture what you are doing to me!”

”Oh yea, i know it and i love it to torture you that way, but it is torture for me too, not to fuck you.”answered the man.

”I did not pee since nearly 18 hours, i am needing to go since many hours, i suppress my urge since before noon and you don’t let me even go before sleeping, that is absolutely inhuman and torture pure, don’t let a poor girl wee for so long.”whispered the girl softly.

*011*2022-04-05 22:37

Part 12

” I need to wee.” whispered Lily at 5 am.

”I know it and i love it.” answered the guy, half sleeping.

”But i need to go so bad, i can’t bear it any longer.” said the girl.

”Sure you can, you are such a strong girl, you doing it so good, just 2 more hours! Or maybe you can wait a little longer?” answered the guy.

”I am afraid that i wet the bed, if you don’t let me go.” she did beg.

”I will be a good guy, i‘ll help you.” he said and pressed on finger at her little peehole and he pressed his hard dick between her putt docks.

”Try to sleep, my little pee girl.” he whispered in her ear and kissed her on her shoulder.

2 hours later she waked up, she had not weed since 24 hours, she never needed to go worser than now, he bladder has never been so full before and now she should let him fuck her, she could not even imagine that she could bear that, but she could and she had to.

Sue, Peter and Daniel from Part 2

Sue was bursting to pee on the way home. On the parking lot, she had sex with Peter and Daniel, her bladder was full to explode, but it was the best sex she ever had.

One week later they had a date, they wanted repeat that, they agreed that they would come with a full bladder to the date.

They met at afternoon in the house from Peter’s parents, who made a city trip over the weekend.

Sue did wear a super short skirt and did show her great legs, fare over her knees.

She was standing in front of the garden door, with her legs tight crossed and was waiting until Peter opened the door.

The boys were already inside the house.

”Does here someone need to wee?” teased her Peter.

”Oh please hurry up let me in, i thought i would piss my panties in the bus on the way. I have to push down the waist band from my panties, it press so hard on my swollen bladder.” she said.

As soon as she was inside, she lifted her skirt and pushed the rubber band from her panty down to her shaved girl slit.

They went to the living room and Peter said that they should strip their clothes except their undies.

The first time that the boys saw the girls body nearly naked. Sue had slender legs and a pretty slim body.

Her tiny panties did not even hide the girls cunt, her waist band was pushed down and the fabric, between her thighs, was pressed deep in her slit, this way she was more sexy than totally nude.

She did know that, Sue was a little slut, she did know to turn the boys on and she did love to do it.

Steady she pressed her panties deeper and deeper in her girl slit.

She moaned and said how bad she would need to piss.

The boys did love that and they loved to see how swollen her belly was and how much her bladder was bulging out from her flat abdomen.

Peter went behind her, putted his hands around her waist, pressed hard in her abdomen and said “you are pretty full down there.”

Sue did wriggle like a snack, she crossed her legs as tight as she could and wanted to escape his grip.

She had no chance, Daniel did take her by her feet and they did carry her to the sofa.

Like on week before in the car, she had the hands from the boys every where on and in her body. This time one hand more, because Peter had not to drive.

”Girl, your bladder is so full and so big, i love it!

You did not wee all day. Didn’t you?” Peter said.

”Oh yea, i did not piss all day, not even in the morning, i am holding it since yesterday evening, but it became really painful now, i can’t bear that much longer. Let me pee just a few seconds and then i will hold it back all evening.” said Sue.

“ You will not pee only one single drop, but you will nevertheless hold it all evening.” said Peter and pulled her panties down to her knees.

The boys pressed her down on the sofa and spread her thighs, like she would get violated.

Sue did like it to get treated like that and the boys did like to treat her that way.

It was the beginning of a sadomasochistic relationship.

Sues bladder will have to endure a lot in this relationship.

*012*2022-04-10 21:22

Part 13

Daniel kneaded Sue’s firm breasts and Peter could not keep his hands from the girls lower abdomen, especially from her swollen bladder. He pressed soft in her belly, like he wanted to press her bulging out bladder back in her abdomen.

He did always dream about to be with a girl who is needing to wee and to have the opportunity, don’t let her go and torture her overfilled bladder. Now his dream became reality.

”Please let me piss!! I am needing it so urgently.” she was begging again.

”Oh no, you are a girl and girls can always hold it if they have to.” Peter answered.

”Just a few seconds, i have to go so bad! I promise, i’ll hold it then all evening long.” she offered.

”No, mean’s no! Is that so difficult to understand? You are not allowed to pee! “ Peter said.

” It’s not difficult to understand, but it is difficult not to pee if you are full to burst.” the girl answered.

Daniel massaged her thighs, her ass and pushed sometimes one and sometimes two fingers in her girl slit.

Peter could not get enough from to torture her poor bladder.

Sue fidgeted like crazy, from being treated like that .

”We tie you down on the bed, if you don’t stop to struggle so much.” threatened the boys.

”Oh no please not tie me on and please stop to press on my belly, that is unbearable, i need to pee so badly, I can’t endure that anymore , you will burst my bladder if you press so hard on it. Let me piss, please let me, i have to go to bad, i did not wee since yesterday.” she was begging, but she did it in a way to encouraged the boys, to torture her more and she wanted to get tortured more.

She wanted to get used like a slut and like a slave.

The boys should own her body totally and they should determine about her bodily needs, she wanted to be the boys slave with no rights, not even the right to piss if the bladder is full to explode.

Her urge was since a long time painful and her bladder was hurting from being excruciated so much, but Sue did like it and she did like this kind of pain from her bladder.

After a very long sadomasochistic foreplay, Daniel and Peter fucked the girl, with a bursting full bladder in her belly, for more than one hour.

Then Peter offered that he would accept Sue’s offer from hours before, just to pee out a part from her huge bladder and hold back the rest.

It was obvious that Sue was holding much over 1.000ml, but she was not allowed to piss more than 500 ml, the rest of her hot girl wee had to stay in her bladder until tomorrow morning, until late morning!

Sue agreed, she pissed with high pressure and a loud hissing sound in a jug.

She moaned from relief and was nearly unable to stop the strong flow after 500ml, but she had to!

After a shower in a threesome, they went to sleep, all three totally naked.

Like a sandwich, the naked girl between the naked boys.

*013*2022-04-13 05:55

Part 14

The two boys did also not pee before sleeping. They went to bed with their bladder full from the day, but they were not as full as Sue was. The girls bladder was bulging out, up to her navel. Her poor bladder was not empty since 34 hours in the morning.

They had much fun for hours, but it was not the last day where they had fun together, they did use sometimes some sextoy’s for to torture Sues body.

The greatest sextoy for the boys was though the bursting full bladder from Sue!!!

This thing in her belly could never be full enough and her need to wee could never be strong enough for the boys.

On that school bus were a lot of pee desperation, a lot of bursting full bladders for hours, many girls and boys were desperate for the different reasons and for some of them it was the beginning of a full bladder sex relationship.

I would love it to had the chance to be in that bus.

I hope you had a little fun with my story!

*014*2022-09-27 18:00

Some months later Peter met Sue random at a shopping mall.

They went to a coffee shop and talked about the experiences and how great their sadomasochistic sex has been.

Sue said that she never needed to pee so bad and so painful since that night and that she never had such a fantastic sex anymore.

They agreed to make a new date together with Daniel.

Peter told her to train her bladder because her extra large bladder totally overfilled and her tight pussy will be the most important for their meeting.

*015*2022-09-30 14:13

On the way home Sue remembered at the school outing with the two guys.

She remembered how they made her hold her pee all day long, how they did not let her go to the toilet before the bus was leaving, although they did know that she would have to go and although they did know that she did not wee since early morning at home.

They did it totally for purpose because they wanted to see her suffer from a painful urge to pee and from a hurting overfilled bladder.

Some boys love it to see girls desperate to pee and Daniel and Peter were one of those.

On the other hand Sue did love it to make the boys horny with her ability to hold her wee really long and for being able to fill her bladder to a big ball of hot urine.

Many times she putted it off to pee for purpose and did hold her full bladder for hours longer than necessary, because she gets aroused from her full bladder and from the feeling needing to wee, but she did not know how much masochism was deep inside her.

The imagination to be denied to pee and to be forced to hold it back to the limit of endurance was a totally turn on for her.

She wanted be dominated from this two boys and they should determine over her bodily needs and over her bladder.

They should dictate when she will be allowed to pee, how full her bladder must get and how much pain she has to endure before they finally let her piss, that was it what she wanted.

Sue remembered how great the sex with this two boys was as she was getting fucked with her bladder full to explode, she could not wait to meet them again.

At the evening before their meeting, it was again when Peters parents were not at home for some days, Peter called Sue and told her that she should bring her bladder very full to their date and maybe she should not go to the toilet that morning.

Sue said that she will try to do her best.

Daniel and Peter were waiting for Sue in Peters parents house.

Sue arrived at 11 am, she looked great and sexy as always.

Her skirt was ultra short so that she showed her wonderful legs near up to her panties.

Her outfit was hot and her body too, but what was inside her gorgeous body, especially with that what was inside her belly, was there a very, very full bladder already to torture??!!

” How are you?” asked the boys both at the same time.

”Except that i would need to wee really urgently , i am feeling great.” the girl answered.

”Then we feel great too, because we love it that you would need to pee very bad and we love it that your bladder is full.”replied Peter.

“We decided that you will be our slave for one day and one night.” said Daniel.

”You know that slaves have no rights, not even the right to go to the toilet without permission, not even to pee if they would urgently need to.

Bad for you that you already need to pee and much more bad for you that you will not get a permission from us to wee for a very long time.

Slaves have to be able to endure a lot of pain and don’t think that we will have mercy with your need to piss and with your overfilled bladder, we will not have pity with you even it gets very painful for you to hold it back.

You will not get a chance for relief, you will be not able to escape in the night to the bathroom, because we will cuff you on my bed.

You are our girl slave for two days and you know now that slaves are not allowed to pee without permission, they have to hold their bladder until they are allowed to piss even the bladder is full to burst since hours!”said Peter

”You two will burst my bladder, you will kill me if you don’t let me wee, i have not peed since yesterday evening.” said Sue.

”No we don’t want kill you, we just want to torture you and i think that you like that and that you need that sometimes!” answered Peter.

*016*2022-10-04 12:17

All three were very excited. The boys did not really know what to do exactly with Sue.

They did have no practice how to treat a “slave “, they watched many videos about it and they always got aroused from that idea, especially about the fact that slaves are not allowed to use the toilet without permission and about that, that slaves have to hold their full bladder sometimes for a very long time no matter how bad they would need to go.

Sue was excited because she did not really know what the boys will do with her and where their limit would be.

She did hope not over her own limit of endurance. She was a little bit afraid and unsure about it.

Sue was nervous and that increased her need to pee.

”I need to wee.” she laundered.

”For us NEVER urgently and bad enough, but did you really not go to the toilet this morning?” Peter wanted to know.

”No i have not been, i did not wee since yesterday 11 pm. You told me that i should bring a full bladder to our date and you can believe, my bladder is really full.”Sue answered.

”You are such a good girl Sue, but from now you are no more Sue and you are no more a girl, you are only our slave and you are only a body for us. A body without any rights, not even the right of humanly needs.

We decide what gets in and what gets out of this body and specially when it gets out.

Your bladder will have to work very hard for the next day, it will have to stretch to oversize and that horny thing in your sexy lower abdomen will have never been so big before in your life.” said Peter.

”You will not really hurt me to much?” asked Sue nervous and afraid.

” You will see what will happen and from now you don’t have no more the right to talk, you have to ask for permission for to talk.” said Daniel.

The boys started to strip the girl, slaves have to be totally naked. They had some special utensils prepared.

They putted her a leather collar with a short chain around her neck and then leather cuffs on her hands and on her legs.

Unbelievable how sexy Sue looked for the two boys.

Her young, slim and smooth body, garnished with the black leather, her shaved pussy between her slender, shaped thighs and her flat belly light swollen from her full bladder, made the boys wanted to fuck her at the moment.

They did bring her in Peters sleeping room and tied her with her hands and her feet on Peters large bed.

Sue did let them do it, she lied with her back on the bed and was totally helpless.

The boys were nude as well and their penises were hard and stiff.

“Look at our best friends and at our large boy hands, they will care about you for the next hours, maybe they will torture you a little bit, especially the lower part of your slave body.“said Daniel.

Peter was sitting on the upper thighs from the girl and moved like he wanted to sit with his naked ass on the girls belly.

“Oh no, please no, don’t do that, i piss your bed if you sit on my bladder.“ Sue was begging.

“I always dreamed to ride a girls full bladder, but i don’t do it now, your bladder is not full enough for that, maybe I’ll do it later.“ answered Peter.

“But have you forgotten, you dirty slave are not allowed to speak without permission.“ said Peter.

“I think that dirty body should get fucked now.“ said Daniel and started to push two fingers deep in the girls tight pussy.

What will Sue have to endure until tomorrow?

*017*2022-10-07 13:54

Sue lay on the bed totally defenseless and she was needing to wee but was not allowed to do it.

How long will they make her hold and how long will she be able to hold it??

In her secret dreams she did dream about such a situation, her young body was now completely extradited to two horny boys.

To be so totally dominated that was making her horny too, but on the other hand she was afraid, especially from their aim not letting her pee before sleeping, don’t let her pee until tomorrow.

At midnight her bladder will be full with wee from 26 hours, if at all she can hold it until so long, but then go to sleep would be absolutely impossible.

That would be unbearable for every girl in the world she thought by herself and asked her how that will end for her and for her bladder.

The two boys on the other hand dreamed from the same situation, but from the opposite position and now their dream was coming true.

Sue was cuffed with her hands over her head and with her legs spreading on the bed.

“Look at that naughty girl, she is showing us her straddled dirty little cunt, i think that body should get fucked very hard and our slave should get punished for acting like a little slut !! Who will start?“ asked Peter.

Peter cuffed her legs of that the girl could be able to bend her legs up to her head, that the boys could fuck her deeper that way.

“I think that you should start!

Push deep inside her and push hard on her bladder from inside and i will massage her bladder from outside, i think that our dirty slave body will like to get tortured this way!!“ said Peter.

“ You are now allowed to speak and to answer slave, would you like to have sex with two strong boys and to get a little bit bladder torturing for being naughty?“ asked Peter.

“I have not been naughty, you did all that to me and with me, i don’t have to get punished and yes i would love to have sex with both of you, fuck me as hard as you can, but please don’t torture me poor bladder, i need to wee so bad, i have not been to the toilet since 16 hours, it would hurt so much if you press my bladder, please don’t do that.“ Sue was begging, but in reality she wanted to get tortured and she wanted to make the boys more and more horny with her full bladder and her strong urge to wee.

“I told you that slaves have to be able to endure a lot of pain and we will show you what your dirty slave body can endure.“ answered Peter and pressed hard on her swollen abdomen.


