The evil Policeman! - Page 2

Author: huberp76

*025*2023-11-22 04:10

{{On 11/13/2023 at 7:20 PM, Onedude said:

Control your piss tank, slut! LMAO, this is great stuff! I nominate you for sheriff!

}}

I am glad that you like the story!

“Control your piss tank, slut!” sounds very hot!!

How long will she be able to control it? How big and how large can the piss tank of a girl get?

*027*2023-12-08 23:38

“Maybe that i am a sadist, but i stand by to my lust to make girls hold their pee and to overfill their bladders, until they gets nearly crazy from needing to piss so bad, but i can’t understand that you don’t get horny if you watch them suppress their strong urge.” said the evil man.

”Sure that it is arousing for me as well to see their bodies move and squirming from needing to pee so urgently but, i have also mercy with them.

It must hurt them so much to hold their urine back for long in their bladders and it must getting so painful for them not to piss for such a long time.” answered the colleague.”

”I have no mercy with them, as more as they need to piss, as more it turns me on. For me can that young sluts NEVER need to piss bad and urgently enough!

Their bladders should get big and hard as a pumpkin.

Look at their sexy bodies, they gets much more sexy for me if they move their bodies controlled from their bodily needs.” said the guy.

He was getting so much turned on about that talking, that he wanted to see the girls suffer. He wanted to tease them and he wanted torture them.

He ordered the girls to get up from their plank beds and to come to the bars.

Both girls walked with rubbing knees and small steps to the front of the cell and were standing with tight crossed legs behind the bars.

The country girl was bending over and had one hand pressed between her thighs.

”Look at that little slut, she press one hand against her cunt, does that not turning you on?” asked the evil man the other.

”Oh yes, of sure is that turning me on, but on the other hand i have a little pity with her.” answered the man.

” No pity, i think that i will not make them drink more, i think it is better to make them hold longer, much longer, maybe until tomorrow.

Especially i want to see what that country bitch will do if i don’t let her piss before sleeping.”

“Stand straight and stop to cross your legs, you are no more a little girl and primarily put your hand away from your dirty cut, you naughty slut.” said the guy with a loud voice to the girl.

”I can’t no more, i can no other than to cross my legs and to squeeze my, my….…. you know what i mean.

I am needing to piss since i have been in the bus, yesterday night. I can’t hold it any longer, please, please let me finally piss, before something inside my belly will burst.” was the girl begging.

She did try to uncross her legs and putted her hand away from her crotch. The fabric of her panties was pressed deep inside her girl slit.

”What an underbred country gal you are, look down, you have your panties pushed in your smelly cunt.

You act like a whore, you should get punished for that.” said the evil.

The poor girl was near to tears, pulled her panties out of her slit and crossed her legs again.

”That is absolutely torture what you are doing to her, she was needing to urinate in the morning so bad that she had to squat behind the bushes and she is still holding it, she still have not pissed after so many hours and you still don’t let her go.

It is totally impossible that she can bear up until tomorrow.” said the other police man.

”She can and she will!! That young sluts don’t even know what they are able to endure.

Have you ever seen a girl piss after she was forced to hold her urine for 2 days ?” asked the evil.

”No, i never did see that and i can’t believe that a girl can endure 2 days without to urinate.” said the other man.

“I have seen it, it is like an explosion, if she is finally allowed to piss, you can not even imagine how it is bursting out of a girl after such a long period of holding .

Maybe you will see it tomorrow.” said the evil.

” May i please go to the toilet ,sir? I am holding it since 24 hours, it is getting nearly unbearable, let me pee please, it is hurting so bad.” said the city girl and pressed her thighs hard together, to demonstrate the urgency.

”Oh no, you may not piss now, you two pitches must learn discipline and you must learn to control your bodily needs.

I think that i will be a good teacher!!” said the evil policeman.

*028*2023-12-09 22:43

The city girl was now scared and frightened, she was needing to wee since yesterday evening and now it was afternoon and he still didn’t let her go to the toilet.

She was hoping that she would get permission after 24 hours holding, but he didn’t let her go.

She was ready to squat in a corner of the cell for to piss, but she was not allowed to let it out, her punishment was to hold it and to suffer a painful urge to piss.

It was her punishment, but in reality she had to hold it for the pleasure and for the lust of the evil policeman.

The city girl was sexy in a way like most men like girls .

She was curvy, but not too thick. She was now standing with her well shaped legs crossed and with her firm thighs pressed tight together.

Her panties were down far under her navel and did cover just her fuck and piss slit. Her bladder was visible bulging out over the waist band, up to her navel.

She did no more know what to do, she was needing to pee so bad and didn’t know when she would be allowed to go.

She did not know if she would be able to hold it as long as she gets permission to go and she didn’t know what will happen if she would be not able to hold it for so long, if she would piss herself before she would be allowed to go.

At the same moment said the country girl “Mister policeman, i HAVE to piss now, i can’t hold it any longer, let me finally go to the toilet.”

”No, not now and not for a much longer time.” answered the man.

“You don’t have to have to piss, i told it you once before, you are a girl and girls have no rights in our country, not even the right to piss.”said the evil.

The country girl was naive and she was angry about her bad and painful situation and therefore she said ”But girls need to pee too, girls have a bladder and their bladder’s getting full as well , look at me, my bladder is becoming so big that my belly looks like i would be pregnant.

The country girl is much different to the city girl, she is very slim, she is thin and bony.

She has small, but well shaped and firm breast and a wonderful shaped abdomen.

She is very sexy in her way as well, especially for men and boys who loves skinny girls.

Her bladder was bulging out between her pregnant hipbones. Her young thin legs were knotted and her hands were again between her thighs.

The evil man, did like her slim body and he did like the way how she did talk to him. It animated him to punish her for that and fore to torture her.

”You country gal are so skinny that i really can see your bladder, but believe me your piss tank can get much more full and it can get much bigger.

I am loving it to show it to you and one more thing, you will not piss if you think that you have to piss, you will piss then when i will allow you to piss.” said the man and went into the cell.

Like at the first time, he was standing behind the young, slim girl, putted both hands on her belly and pressed more and more on her overfilled bladder, so hard and deep until the girl was trembling and shaking and until her old fashioned, white panties was getting wet and dark yellow over her slit and that some urine drops were running down on the bare skin of her slim thighs.

*029*2023-12-10 22:56

“Why are you doing that to me? You made me wet my panties, already the third time today.

First time as you caught me behind the bushes, i did just piss for 2 seconds, but i could not stop so fast as i pulled my panties up. My panties have been wet for hours, after that between my thighs.

Then as they were finally dry, you pushed so deep in my lower abdomen and on my so very full bladder that i was wetting my panties again.

And now you pressed so hard on my bursting full bladder that i could no other than to piss!

My slit, between my thighs is burning a lot from my steady pee wet panties.

Why do you punish me, why do you torture me so much?

I am such a good girl, i am working hard all week, i am doing nothing wrong, i just need to wee sometimes, that can’t really be a mistake!!! Or???

All girls are needing that and men as well!!” said the country girl.

The evil policeman was really surprised about the girls talk and about her courage to say that to him.

”You are absolutely right, everybody needs to piss, but it is a bad luck for you girls, in our country have girls not the right to piss when they would need it and when their bladders are full.

In our country have the girls wait until they get a chance to piss, or until they get permission to go to a toilet.

They have to wait until they gets permission to empty their full piss balloons, but until they have to old it, no matter how full their piss tank may ever be and no matter how much it hurts.

You gal’s have to learn discipline, especially you country bitches, you think you can piss every where and behind every bush.

You have a cunt between your thighs and you can’t squat with your dirty pissed panties down on your knees and show your fucking cunt everyone in public.

Girls have to have discipline and if they don’t have it, they have to learn it!!” answered the evil.

“You talk like the master in our factory, he always tell us that we have to have discipline, he mean especially body and bladder discipline.

We are many females , majority young girls at my age, who are working in a large hall, on our sewing machines.

We work from early morning until evening with only one break at noon.

We have one break for lunch and for going to the toilet. We are not allowed to use the toilet during our shift.

We have a strict schedule and strict rules, first eat and then piss.

Most of us girls have a very full bladder during lunch and were needing to wee very urgently before they let us to the toilet.

Sometimes they take one of us girls to the office after lunch, this girls lose then the opportunity to go to the toilet. They have to go with their full bladder, from the office straight to their working place

They have then to work with a very full bladder and a strong urge to pee until the end of the shift.

They don’t let us go, even not when we are begging for a much needed pee, they are like you, they say that to hold a full bladder for hours, is the best training for discipline for us girls.

Many of us girls are working with crossed legs at the end of our shift. It seams that you guys like it to see us girls suffer from needing to piss.” said the country girl.

*031*2023-12-11 17:44

{{1 hour ago, hanpi said:

Der Bulle lässt sich nicht erweichen..

}}

Da gebe ich dir absolut recht, der Bulle sollte hart bleiben.

Die freche Landgöre gehört bestraft, für’s goschig sein!!

I absolutely agree with you, that cheeky country brat should get punished for to be cheeky, especially her bladder!!

I think that the evil policeman will do that.

*032*2023-12-18 20:12

The master of your factory must be a clever man and a wise man.

I agree totally with him, pee holding is the best way for girls to learn and to train discipline.

Forced to hold her urine back in her piss bladder with all her body power, for one or two days, will make her strong and she will learn also to deal with pain, because not to piss for two days can get pretty painful.“ said the man.

“No girl in the whole world can endure not to pee for two days.“ said the girl and was standing with her slim, sexy, nude legs, tight crossed.

“You can endure it, I’ll show it you. You are not allowed to piss before sleeping today ,you have to hold it minimum until tomorrow morning.“ answered the evil police man and smiled full of sadistic lust.

“Oh no, you can’t do that to me, you will kill me if you don’t let me pee for so long.

You can not even imagine a little bit how urgently i am needing to pee and how painful it is already, my bladder will burst inside me, if you don’t let me soon to the toilet.“said the country girl and was bending over.

“I absolutely don’t want to kill you and you don’t have to be afraid, you can endure more, much more, much more than you think that you would be able to endure.

And yes i can imagine that you are needing to piss very urgently and maybe very painful as well , but your bad luck is, that i love that so much, your urge can NEVER be strong enough for me.“ said the guy and pressed again on the girls bladder, but this time softly, because he didn’t want her make leaking, she should hold all urine inside her stretched and already overfilled bladder.

The country girls panties are still wet between her thighs and again pushed in her slit from her permanent crotch pressing and pussy grabbing.

The city girl was angry with the county girl, because she did know that she would have again a disadvantage about her and her counterproductive taking with the sadistic guy.

She was needing to wee since she waked up in the morning, or better since she went to sleep yesterday evening and the evil guy would sure make them hold longer because of that unnecessary talk from that naive county girl.

She did know that she had to be quiet for a while and that she had to prevent that the county gal starts again to speak and to provoke the guy and so she asked if they would be allowed to go back to their plank beds.

The police man did give them permission, because he had to leave the station for about one hour.

The county girl asked the city girl if she would know how long they will be arrested and if she think that they really will not be allowed to pee before sleeping.

She answered that she don’t neither know how long they have to stay, nor how long they have to hold.

The guy came back at 3 pm, the city girl did not pee since already 24 hours and was hoping that she would get permission to go to the toilet, before she would pee herself.

The evil ordered the girls in front to the bars, he wanted to see their young, nearly naked bodies move and fight against their urge and their need to pee.

The country girl was standing bended over and her sexy, slim legs tight knotted .

The city girl was squatting with one hand between her well shaped thighs.

“Sir, May i please go to the toilet, i have been holding it already one entire day.

I have not pissed since more than 24 hours.

Look at my bladder, then you will see that it would be more than necessary, let me pee please.”was the girl begging.

Her belly was swollen and her bladder was bulging out over the waist band of her panties.

“Oh no, you may not!

Did you not listen what i said before, i said that you two sluts will not be allowed to piss until tomorrow morning.“ answered the evil policeman and smiled sadistic.

The girls were both shocked, they did know that, that will be impossible and unbearable, but they had to stay quiet, to make it not worse for them.

„Don’t you really let them not to the toilet before sleeping?

They did not piss since yesterday, but you still don’t let them go?

Look, they can’t even stand straight and upright anymore, it must hurt them so bad to hold it back for so long and it must be painful to over stretch their bladders so much.

You are such a sadist, you torture the poor girls so much, but i think it will be utterly impossible for them to bear up to hold their urine for so much longer, they will never be able to endure it until tomorrow.” said the colleague.

“ I think they can, i already did girls not let piss for entire two days and some hours longer. It is unbelievable how much pee urge and how much bladder torture some girls can endure, if they have to.

And yes, you are right, i am a sadist, but only for torturing girls bladders.

Look at the country brat, her skinny body is a dream for everyone who loves skinny girls.

Her body is made for sex and for to get tortured. I don’t let her piss, her bladder should get hard and big as a melon.

It is such a turn on for me to see her bladder bulging out of her thin abdomen and it is so arousing to see her move and fight to keep her pee inside her.” answered the evil.

”What do you think, who can hold it longer, the skinny or the curvy and which can hold more piss in her bladder?

We can bet about it!!?” said the bad guy.

*033*2023-12-25 14:17

I think that not any of them will be able to hold it until tomorrow.

They did not piss since yesterday, their bladders are so full and bulging out so much, it will be impossible for them to hold their urine back for so much longer.” said the colleague.

”Sure they can and you’ll see it that they can if they have to. I don’t let them piss, they are young girls and young girls can endure a lot of piss urge!”answered the evil.

”you are such a sadist, i can’t even imagine how it feels and how it hurts, not to urinate for such a extended long period of time.

That is inhumane what you are doing with them.That is torture at the worst way.

Make them hold until evening, but let them piss before sleeping.” said the other policeman.

“Oh no, i don’t let them piss, they are girls and girls have to be able to hold until they get permission to let it out and until they have to suppress their urges, no matter how bad it ever will get for them.

I made girls hold up to 2000ml urine in their bladders, i didn’t let them piss for entire two days.

It was exciting and arousing, since i can remember, to see desperate girls holding their piss back in their bursting full bladders.

It was common and usual in our school, that girls did not pee.

They were holding it, from before they left their home until they came back at home, no matter how long the day was lasting.

It was a part of development and training for them and i did love it to see one or the other see suffering at the end of the day.

I did love to see them rubbing their knees, to squeeze their thighs together and to see them standing with crossed legs, on the way home, in the bus.

It has not changed, i did love it and i am still loving it.

I am lucky about it, that i have got now the opportunity to punish girls with pee holding and bladder torture, for contravention and for doing something wrong.

To make a girl hold her bursting full bladder, for extreme long periods, is for me the most horny making punishment, i can imagine.

But i think that i am not the only one with this fetish and that lust, i am sure that master of the manufacture loves that as well, he don’t let the girls piss, if they would need it and he says that they have to learn discipline.

Many guys love girls desperate to piss.” said the evil policeman.

The girls did hear that talk and the country girl was totally shocked about it.

”Let me finally piss, i can’t stand it any longer!! Let me piss please!!”was the country girl begging.

”You already thought that morning, that you can’t stand it anymore and therefore, you naughty, skinny slut, squatted in public.

Now you still have not pissed and you are able to hold it, you will be able to hold until tomorrow morning, because you have to be able, i don’t let you to the toilet and believe me, if you piss your panties, you will get punished so hard that you will wish that you are not born as a girl.” said the evil.

”Please, please let me piss, i promise you that i will NEVER squat in the public anymore, but please let me pee, all my belly hurts from needing to piss so unbelievably bad.” was the skinny begging.

”Stop to whine, cross your skinny legs, squeeze your dirty cunt shut and hold it.” replied the guy.

*034*2024-01-08 22:02

The two girls were still standing behind the bars.

Their legs were crossed very tightly, their bellies were swollen from their , to an unnatural size grown and expanded, bladder’s.

Their piss need is very strong and since hours very painful, but they are still not allowed to empty their human piss tank’s and they will be not allowed for hours more.

The country girl pressed both hands between her naked, slim thighs and she was rubbing her bony knees.

This thin body, moved caused from her strong bodily needs, was such a turn on for the evil policeman, he wanted to see that body suffer, he wanted to make her need to piss over the limit of endurance, he wanted torture the girls bladder so hard as any possible.

”Look at the skinny slut, her bladder became so big that it has no more room in her thin belly, look how much it is bulging out.

I am curious how big her pissball will be tomorrow.” said the evil to the other policeman.

”Unbelievable how much you torture that poor, young things.” he answered.

”That is not right, i don’t torture them, i don’t cane them, i don’t beat them, i don’t even touch them, they torture them selves, their own body torture them.

I just don’t let them to the toilet, i just don’t let them piss, their own urine expands and overstretches their bladders and makes them hurt and yes, on the other hand you are right, don’t let someone do his urgently bodily needs, is one of the worst tortures.

Pissneed can get so very, very painful and a overfilled bladder can hurt very much, but the two gal’s has a bad luck with me, because their urge can never be strong enough for me.” said the evil.

”Let me pee please, it hurts so much.” was the country girl begging again and hunkered down.

“You are banned to piss, until your bladder gets double size or bigger, to feel a painful urge and a hurting bladder for a very long time, is your punishment, squeeze your peehole shut and hold it.“ answered the man.

“ How long do my piss ban last?“ wanted the girl know.

“As long as i like it , but minimum until tomorrow morning.“answered the guy.

“I impossible can bear up for so long, i did not piss since yesterday evening, i am holding so much urine inside me, that my bladder is near to explode, i HAVE to piss now and if you don’t let me to the toilet, I’ll squat here somewhere in a corner and do it on the floor.“ said the country girl.

“You will not do that, you will hold it until i give you permission, otherwise you will to rue it!

You can be glad to live in our country, you girls do have in fact nearly no rights, but more than at our neighbor country, there gets girls treated like slaves.

I visited that country sometimes and i have seen girls and young women who are working at a factory, girls has no facilities to piss during their working day and their working day last from morning until evening.

The girls don’t even ask for permission for a much needed pee, because in the factory are no toilets for girls, girls have to hold it, their bladders have to expand to contain their urine until they gets allowed to piss.

After work they are going to a kind hostel, for to eat and for to sleep. There they are allowed to use the toilet in the morning before working and then again before dinner.

If girls are doing something wrong, they get canceled one toilet visit for punishment.

That means, that they have either go to sleep with the bladder very full from the day, or they have to go to work with a bursting full bladder from the night.

Piss ban is always a good way for to punish girls!!

Some girls have wet panties at evening when they arrive at the hostel and on and off there are girls, especially new girls, who piss themselves during the long day.

This girls who wetted themselves, gets plugged up at the following morning to prevent them from wetting their panties and to mess the seat and the floor.

There are two ways for doing that, either they plug them their peehole, or they put them a clamp over their piss slits, to make it impossible for them to piss.

You can not even imagine what the slave girls in that country has to endure, how much their bladders gets tortured and overfilled and you can’t imagine what they are able to endure, if they have to.

You can now think about it if you will squat in the corner for a piss, or if you will hold it. If you are not able to hold it, i will help you, i would like to clamp your dirty, young piss cunt!!” said the evil policeman.

The city girl was needing to pee as well very, very bad, but she was more diplomatic, she did not want to provoke the guy.

She was more quiet and hoped for her good holding performance and for a little chance that he would let them earlier to the toilet.

It was a little bit easier for the curvy girl, to squeeze with her thicker thighs her piss slit tight, than for the skinny.

”It is very cold here, for us naked girls, may we have our clothes, sir and maybe a blanket, for sleeping?” asked the city girl.

They had both goosebumps all over their bodies from being cold and from needing to pee and she hoped the warmth would help them a little to hold it.

”I’ll give you two man police shirts, they are short, they will not even cover your panties, your legs have to stay bare, because i love it if your legs are naked if you have to cross them from needing to piss and i give you one blanket, you two sluts can sleep in one bed, under one blanket, if you cuddle to each other, you will be warm enough and squeeze your cunts tight, to keep it dry.” answered the guy.

