I made a girl hold it all day long - Page 3

Author: huberp76

*040*2019-04-03 21:03

{{On ‎4‎/‎2‎/‎2019 at 4:56 AM, Redder12 said:

She is being a weak girl, she should know that she has to hold it, maybe she needs more to drink.

}}

She did know exact that she has to hold it, but she was weak, a weak girl. She should get punished for that, she should get punished for her wet panties. What a naughty girl! She should be made to drink and she should be made to hold it longer, no wee for her!

All can get in, but nothing out, her bladder has to stretch! Her bladder is the only place where her pee should be.

*042*2019-04-06 10:24

{{12 hours ago, Golden Queen said:

You should play with her, make her suffer for complaining. You must be so horny, so why hold back? Take to opportunity to make her ready to explode, ready to do anything in her power to feel relief, only she won't get it! Hold it in, pee pee girl. Hold. It. In.

}}

You are right, I am horny and I should use this situation.

Renate needs to wee since so many hours, her bladder is overfilled to explode, her abdomen is swollen from her big bladder, she is needing to pee so bad that she would do „everything „to piss her bladder pains away, to let it finally out.

What do you think that she should let me do with her? What do you think that she has to do with me?

Than, if she has done everything, she was told, than when she had endured everything, that I made with her, i should say „ sorry, i changed my mind, I don’t let you wee, you are a big girl, I am sure you can hold it longer, you have to hold it, no wee for you!“

I would tell her to lift her short skirt, to show me her wet panties, would tell her to pull her panties down to her knees, to show me her slit, between her naked, smooth thighs, I would push my finger in her girl slit, I would block with one finger her pee hole and with the other hand I would push her bulging bladder back in her belly, after all i would like to fu..... her.

What to you think I should do with her? What do you think that she has to let me do with her, to get finaly permission to wee or just the hope to be allowed?

*045*2019-04-06 21:14

{{3 hours ago, stejlhave96 said:

Tell her to pull her panties down to her knees, to show me her slit, between her naked, smooth thighs. And then push my finger in her girl slit, I would block with one finger her pee hole and with the other hand I would push her bulging bladder back in her belly

}}

Is it that what you would like to do with her? What else?

*046*2019-04-06 21:23

{{1 hour ago, Redder12 said:

Don't let her pee...even if she does everything you say, she can hold it

}}

Renate is needing to wee since so many hours, her poor bladder is overfilled to dopple size, she needs to go so bad and so painful and you think she can hold it longer?

No mercy with this poor girl? No wee for her?

*049*2019-04-07 04:32

{{5 hours ago, Kauen-Stadt said:

Are you German? Is that your first language?

}}

Yes german is my first language.

Why are you asking?

*052*2019-04-09 17:09

{{On ‎4‎/‎8‎/‎2019 at 2:37 PM, wether said:

You can let Renate pee, but she must do it so that you see her peeing pussy, and she must stop after a few seconds. After that she can't complain any longer, because you let her pee at least a bit.

}}

That is a great Idee, i let Renate pee, but only if she show me her peeing pussy, between her naked, smooth thighs. She is allowed to wee just for 3 seconds and than she has to stop. That would be very difficult with so much urine and so much pressure in the bladder, but she has to stop and if her sphincter is not strong enough, she must press her finger to her pee hole.

After that she can´t complain any longer, i did let her pee, what else could i do for her? I am a good boy, but the deal is 3 seconds pee for 3 hours more to hold.

To see her peeing pussy and to make her poor bladder fuller than before, would be a good deal! Or?

*054*2019-04-10 11:29

{{10 hours ago, Redder12 said:

That sounds good, she better hold on after though

}}

She better hold on!?

You know how long Renate is holding it, you know how long she is needing to pee.

Her bladder is so big that it has to bulging out, because there is no more room inside her small and flat belly and you still want let her pee?

Even big girls can’t hold it forever.

*055*2019-04-10 18:17

Part 8

Renate was still squatting beside the park bench, she pressed one hand hard between her nude thighs and repeated " let me wee here, there is nobody around, nobody will see me, let me do it, i am needing it so bad."

It would have been so easy for me to let her go, just 2 minutes and her torture would have been over, but i did not let her. No wee for that girl!

Renate needed to pee for so long, she needed to pee so bad, that she could not think at anything else, than to let it out finally.

I could not think anything else than, how much longer can she endure that and how much bigger can her bladder get.

I really did like Renate, but i was so horny and i did know, that i would not get so soon a chance to make a girl hold it for so long, a chance to torture a girl´s bladder, so i hade to use this chance, no pee for her!

I said " get up, you are a big girl, to big to piss on a park way, get up and hold it back, you have got a bladder in your belly, use it! You can´t tell me that you are not able to wait not even one more hour"

I did take her by her hand and forced her to stand up from her squat position.

This situation was nearly to much for me, to see her swollen belly, to know that her bladder was overfilled to explode, to know that she was crazy to pee, to see so much bare, smooth girl skin, after the long winter month, to see how she rubbed her nude knees, how she pressed her slim naked thighs together, made me total horny.

I could not resist, i reached with my hand under her skirt, rubbed hard her naked thighs, the skin of her thighs was cool, i think from the cold weather and from the wind, i did like that, than i slided up to her panties, pushed the fabric of her panty to side and pushed my finger deep in her girl-slit.

She did let me do that, she did nothing against. Her cunt was wet and i think that was not only from urine, she was horny too.

Renate breathed deep and fast, that was so exiting for me, my hand under her skirt, my finger in her slit and there was one more reason for my horniness, her big bladder, i could feel it and i HAD to press and to push on it!

Her poor bladder was so firm and so hard, she did hold so much urine inside, i stated to massage her swollen belly, her bulging bladder, first gently, than harder and harder.

I had one finger in her slit and with my hand ball i pressed on her bladder. She moaned "please stop it, you burst my bladder or you make me piss myself, that what you are doing to me, is more than a girl can endure."

I pressed hard and she crossed her naked thighs over my hand, so tight, that she pushed herself my finger deeper in her cunt. The more she moaned, the harder i pressed, i pressed so hard till she could not hold it anymore, till it was to much pressure for her sphincter, she was tremble to hold it back, but she could not, she pissed in my hand and a tiny tickle of pee was running down on her bare thigh.

I was so horny, that i did not even look around, if anybody was watching us.

"Are you weeing, you dirty little pee girl? Stop it and hold it!" i shouted to her. " You pissed on my hand, you have to get punished for that" i said and pushed again hard on her bladder, so that she leaked ones more.

Than there was someone coming to our direction and i had to stop.

We was sitting for a few minutes at the bench, to calm down and than we had to go, because we had dinner at about half hour.

Renate did just leak a few drops,her bladder was sill full to burst, the pressing and pushing, what i did to her bladder, did make her urge so strong that she nearly could not walk.

She walked with her knees together and stopped every few yards, to cross her legs. She told me that some drops are coming out and that she is not able to hold it until home.

It was obvious for me that i could not bring her home like this, with her hands under her skirt and one finger at her pee hole. There was a little parking lot on the way home, there i could let her pee and there i could watch her pissing slit.

A few minutes later we did arrive at this parking lot, there was a lot of cars, but nobody around, that is what i exactly wanted. We stopped, Renate did not know why, she crossed her slim legs, did bent over and looked at me.

"Do you want to wee between the cars" i asked her. "There is nothing in the world, i would like more at this moment" she replied . "But there is on condition, you have to let me watch" i said.

"I would wee at the main square or on a stage of a theater, if i only can let it out, you can´t imagine how much it hurt´s me" Look and watch me, if you feel better" she answered.

"Than do it! Wee!" i said.

I did not needed to say it twice, she stepped between the cars, lifted her skirt, hi up. I could see how her bladder was bulging over the waistband of her white panties. Her white panty was pressed in her slit and there it was wet and dark yellow. Oh my god was that a sexy picture.

She pull her panty down to her knees, but before she could squat, she started to piss, it was running down her bare thighs and the urine turned the top of her knee socks from white to dark yellow.

She squatted down, without to stop peeing. I was standing in front of her and could see exactly between her naked, smooth thighs, i could see her slit and i could see how a strong jet was coming out from her pee hole.

She pissed with high pressure, it was hissing extreme loud , her pee jet was so strong, that she pissed a hole in the ground. She was squatting in a lake of steamy, hot girl pee. So much urine, i could not beliefe that this girl could all that hold in her. Her bladder must have been bursting, she must have to pee, like crazy.

To see that, made me total horny, i had one hand in the pocked of my trousers and rubbed my penis, it did take long and i did cum in my undies. Now we had both wet undies, Renate from pee and i from cum.

Renate was ready, her bladder was empty, the first time since many hours, she was standing up, her wet panties still under her knees and now she had no paper and no tissue, to wipe her dry.

She was wiping her pee wet thighs with her hand, all her bare skin was wet from urine and the air and the wind has to dry it.

Renate was smelling strong from her pee, i did love this smell. She did dry her cunt with one finger, pulled her wet panties up and rolled her wet knee socks down.

She looked at my and asked "are you satisfied now?" For me was nothing more to say than "YES!!!!!"

Renates bladder was empty now, but i needed to piss pretty bad, i had not peed all day too, so i wanted to piss, but Renate said "look, what you have don to me, you must get punished for that, you are not allowed to pee now."

"How long" i asked"

"Until after dinner" she said "or until you go to sleep or better until tomorrow morning" I did not piss at the parking lot. I did hold it for her and did think at her wet panties under her short skirt and at her pissing pussy.

Renates first way at home was the bathroom, i think she washed her wet panties and did take a shower.

All the evening long she asked me about my bladder and how strong my urge was and it was arousing for her to know that i was needing to go really bad.

The next 2 days we did spend with my parents, Renate could pee when ever she wanted, but one year later she did spent again her ester holly days with "me", on the second day i made her pee herself twice at only one day and after that we did fuck each day with our bladders full to burst, but that will be another story - may be?

No wee for Renate!!!!!!

*057*2019-04-14 10:27

{{On 4/11/2019 at 12:45 AM, Redder12 said:

I'd like to hear these stories that happened a year later, first one was great

}}

I am glad that you did like my story, thank you!

Renate trained her bladder over the year until she visited us again one year later.

Sometimes she did hold her morning pee for hours, until noon, or longer.

She was really good at holding, she did like it to be made to hold it and she did like it to get her bladder tortured and I did it!

No wee for Renate!!!!

*060*2019-04-15 17:27

{{On ‎4‎/‎14‎/‎2019 at 4:30 PM, wether said:

You could also tell her to pee in a plastic bottle or so, to know how much she can hold in her bladder.

}}

Yes, that is a really good idea, i want to know how much Renate can hold in her bladder.

I make her hold her pee until she absolutely can´t hold it no more. Maybe i don´t let her take her much needed morning pee for hours and hours.

Than, if she is full to burst, if her poor bladder is hard as a rock and overfilled to explode, i would let her pee in a measuring jug.

I know that she is good at holding, i know that she has a strong bladder, i could see how much her bladder was bulging out of her usual flat abdomen, i remember that she peed a lake at the parking lot, but i would be still surprised that she could hold 1150 ml in her girl bladder. I would not tell her that, for me it will be never enough.

Renate is proud that she was able to hold so much wee, but i tell her that i am disappoint and that i think that she can hold more, if she really want it, or if she has to.

I tell her that next time she has to hold at last 1250 ml, that would be 1 1/4 liter and nothing less, but she could use her finger. I offer her my finger for help, i would love to doing that for her, if she want it.

Would it be to brutal ? Would it be better to train her sphincter and her bladder, that she would be able to hold it with her will - and muscle power?

What do you think, iron sphincter or finger on her pee hole?

*063*2019-04-20 22:10

{{On 4/17/2019 at 12:57 AM, daisyduke said:

Finger on her pee hole :3

}}

Hi, Daisy!

You know that Renate is good in holding.

If i don’t let her wee, she can endure it from early morning till late evening, without a single pee, just with her will-and her muscle power.

Her poor bladder is big like a soccer ball, the pressure is to much for her sphincter and than „finger on her pee hole „ like you write.

How long? Until she nearly gets crazy from needing to wee, is it that what you like?

Yes, i think that would be great, my hand between her naked, smooth thighs , me finger in her slit is pressing on her pee hole and her bladder is bulging out.

No wee for Renate, she is a big girl!

