I made a girl hold it all day long - Page 2

Author: huberp76

*020*2019-03-01 05:55

{{On 2/28/2019 at 1:03 AM, daisyduke said:

Please let her hold it longer :3

}}

Yes, I think so, no pee for Renate, she has to hold it, she must hold it!

Renate is a girl and a girl has always be able to hold it, even her panty is „pee-wet“ and her bladder is up to her navel.

*021*2019-03-01 22:48

{{23 hours ago, Redder12 said:

I'm sure she can hold it longer. She's only faking it, besides, public bathrooms are gross. Great story so far keep it up!

}}

I am glad that you like my story, thank you.

Yes, i agree with you, Renate can hold it longer, she has to hold it ! No public loo for her! She has a bladder in her belly and i think she should use it, she should overfill it and stretch it, that‘s what girls sometimes has to do!

*023*2019-03-01 23:12

{{3 minutes ago, Golden Queen said:

This story is so hot, please keep it up! I'm holding right now and reading this just made me spurt.

}}

I am glad that you like my story.

How long are you holding? You need to go? Bad ( good) ?

*025*2019-03-01 23:23

{{4 minutes ago, Golden Queen said:

I've been holding since this morning when I got up. I'm probably at a 8/10 right now. The pressure is intense (in a good way), and I plan on holding it until late tonight.

}}

Is your belly swollen, does your bladder bulging out? How long was your longest hold?

*027*2019-03-06 17:02

Part 5

Renate was so near to piss her bladder pain away , she was so close to let all that pee out, was she was forced to hold for so long, with all the power that a girl has to hold it, but i did not let her.

I could not get enough, i wanted to make her, to stretch her poor girl bladder more and i wanted to make her urge and her need to pee stronger.

She tried to make me change my mind and begged once more "Please let me go in, you can't imagine how bad i need to wee, please let me weeee, i have been holding it for so long, i can't endure it any longer."

She was standing with her slim legs tight crossed and both hands between her naked thighs. This sight could not change my mind, that could only make me want, to increase all that, i wanted so see and to hear more, so no wee for Renate, she should hold it, like girls always should do.

I said " no, we don't have any coins for the ladies and the urinal is only for men and you are a girl, how i can see. I can not imagine, that you can't hold it for just one hour more. You are a big girl, so behave like that. Hold it young lady!

We walked away from the public loo and stopped after a while at a bench. My bladder was full too, i also did not piss all day long, but my bladder is big, strong and good trained. It is not unusual for me to hold it all day and sometimes, day and night. I like that and o did like it, at that time, so i could better feel what Renate did feel and it was more arousing for me, that way.

I thought to myself that she was pretty good at holding, she had at breakfast a big orange juice more than me, at lunch we had both a big coke and at the second kiosk, she had one more big coke, i had only ice creme .

We was sitting at the bench, her skirt was really short, so i could see her nude knees and much from her naked thighs. The wind was blowing cool against us and between Renates thighs and i said that she should spread her thighs, than the wind will dry her wet panties.

She was really angry about that and said, that this would not be funny. She pushed her skirt, with both hands at her crotch, so that her slim thighs was naked until the top. She bended her head down to her knees pressed with both hands hard between her thighs and said " i can not imagine, that there is only one girl at the whole would needs to wee more then me now."

After a while she was sitting straight again, i could see that her bladder was swollen and i could see that her bladder was bulging out, she butted her hand at her round, swollen belly and pressed hard on her bladder bulge, to stretch her bladder for a moment more, to get more room for more urine and to reduce the pressure for a short time after, but for this seconds while she pressed, she trembled on all her body and she tensed all muscles of her body, especial her sphincter to hold it. It must have been painful, i could see the pain at her face.

I could not resist and said "it seems that you are really full down there" and presst with my hand hard on her swollen belly.

"Stop that, i'l piss my panties, i am almost wet again" she yelled. She stated to squeeze with both hands her nude thighs, very, very hard, her face was red from the strain to stop leaking.

As i pressed at her stomach i could feel that her bladder was hard as my cock. She begged that i should let her wee behind the bench, but i did not let her. I said that i can not believe that she is not able to hold it not even one more hour.

She looked at me and said " honestly, do you like to see me suffer, do you like to torture me? That is not normal, that can not be normal, that i can not take one single pee all day long, from early morning until evening. I needed to go bevor lunch and now it is 5 pm and i still have to hold it. You can not imagine, how painful that is, not to pee for so long, how that hurts to hold it in for so long . Why are you doing this to me? Do you like to see me suffer or do you want to make me pee myself, i am close to doing it, is it that what you want?"

I could not really hide my desire for bursting girls, i could not lie, so i said " i don't want you make pee yourself, but i like it if girls holding it and you are really good at holding."

"Sadist" she said, but nothing more.

To pee or not to pee, was the question. Should i let her?

The last part is coming soon.

*029*2019-03-07 09:30

{{9 hours ago, Redder12 said:

This is a great story, and I believe she can hold it longer, keep her holding, and keep up the good writing!

}}

Yes, I think she should hold it ,we don’t let her pee, but how long can she endure that?

She is needing to wee since before noon, really bad how she said and now it is late afternoon.

Her belly is swollen, her bladder is stretched and about to burst, her urge is so strong, but we don’t let her go.

She can hold it longer, she can hold more, she is a big girl.

*032*2019-03-09 06:21

{{On 3/7/2019 at 4:08 PM, daisyduke said:

This story is soo good hehe

I also think she can hold it more... let her poor bladder suffer :3

}}

You know Renate is needing to go for so many hours, her poor bladder is big as a soccer ball and you think she still can hold it longer?

Okay, we don’t let her go, we make her hold it longer , is it that what you want?

I am glad that you like my story.

*035*2019-03-10 14:15

{{2 hours ago, daisyduke said:

Aww her poor bladder, it must be so hard to keep it all in. but we will see if she can hold it even longer hehe

Yes your story is very good

}}

Yes, it is hard for Renate, to hold the urine from all day in her poor bladder. She is needing to wee for so long, she is needing it so really, really bad and painful now. . Her skit is pushed at her crotch, her slender thighs are nude till the top and i can see how she tense her muscles to hold it in.

She beg to let her wee behind the park bench, i would love to see her pee, but i love it more to see her hold.

No wee for Renate, she has to hold it!!!! Is it that what you want?

*037*2019-03-13 21:10

Part 6

Renate was sitting beside me on a bark bench. The wind was blowing cool at the girls nude knees and at the naked skin of her slim thighs.

Her usual extreme flat belly was round and swollen. Unbelievable, how big her bladder has gotten, this ball of urine was bulging out from her lower abdomen.

How i wanted to touch her swollen belly, to feel how hard and firm it was, how i wanted to push this bladder back in the girls abdomen, to make the urge and the need to wee for her stronger.

I tried to imagine how much "girl-wee" she was holding and how much more she would be able to hold.

If i only had time to test this, i would have made her hold some hours more, but i had not even one hour, so i had to use this short time.

I wanted to talk about her strong urge, about her ability to hold it longer and about her wet panties.

She had one hand on her tummy to cover her bulging bladder, she pressed soft on it and moaned from her need and her bladder pain.

"Is it that bad" i asked and she said " it is more than bad, it hurt's so much, i have no words to tell anybody how bad i am needing to wee!"

I thought to myself, that is no wonder, she did not pee since she did get up at 7 am, she needed to go long before noon, but i made her wait all day long, i did not let her go!

All that, what i made her drink, was still in her bladder, that thing in her belly must be full to explode. Not full enough for me, a girls bladder can never be full enough.

Renate squeezed hard her naked thighs with both hands and bended over, she looked at me and said" are you satisfied now, to see me suffer like this? Are you satisfied, to make a girl nearly crazy from needing to wee so bad, is it that what you want, to torture my poor bladder so much that i nearly loose my mind, is it that what a sadist like, what he loves, is it that what you love?"

I was so aroused, that i could not think clear, i was so horny from that situation, i could not hide it, so i said " i am not just a sadist for bursting girl bladders, i am a masochist too, i need to piss very bad and my bladder is total overfilled too, but i like that, i love it.

To feel my own painful urge and to think that Renate had so much more to drink, made me more horny.

To imagine how big her bladder must have been, to hold so much urine inside and how strong her urge must have been to let it out, made me nearly cum in my pants.

I think that she really did suffer and that is was total painful for her, but on the other hand, she was a little bit proud of her strong bladder and she was aroused from this situation.

She looked at my lower abdomen and at my crotch and said " that bulge is not only from you bladder, or?"

Sorry, i have to stop now, i'll soon write the last part from Renate and me.

*040*2019-03-28 15:15

{{9 hours ago, Redder12 said:

Ooo maybe after Renate loses it there will be some desperation from the main character

}}

Thank you for your answer.

I think if Renate loses it, if she piss herself, she should be disapoint from herself, she is a big girl, she has to hold it and if she is not able, than she should learn it, she should be trained to hold it.

Maybe some times no morning pee for her or she should have to go to sleep with her bladder full.

But i think Renate is good in holding, i don’t let her wee, her bladder can endure more!

*042*2019-03-30 08:35

{{8 hours ago, Redder12 said:

Well I'm sure she can hold it longer, she won't lose it, she is a big girl

}}

She has to hold it, we don’t let her wee!!! She won’t lose it, but her poor bladder is up to her navel and you know, big girls wet their panties too if you don’t let them go long enough.

Renate is strong, she can hold it longer, she must hold it longer , we don’t let her go, she and her girl bladder can endure more.

It is so painful for her to hold it for so long, but no wee for her, she is a big girl!!!

*043*2019-04-01 16:57

Part 7

Renate was sitting on the park bench beside me, the poor girl pressed her skirt hard between her slender legs ans showed me her thighs, nude, up to the top.

That was so great and arousing for me, i wanted more, i wanted to see more of it and i wanted to hear more of it, so i asked lascivious " Is it that bad?"

"You can't think how bad i need to wee, nobody can imagine that, all my tummy hurt's from needing to wee, it is so painful, to hold it in for so long, that is TORTURE !!! You can't tell me that it is normal, to get not one chance to wee all day long, not one single wee?" she answered, angry.

That was it, was i wanted to hear and still no pee for her!

Renate was at her limit, maybe temporarily over her limit. She was shaking from needing to pee o bad, especially if the cool wind was blowing under her short skirt to her nude skin.

She did use all her power to keep her pee hole shut and sometimes she needed her finger too.

This girl was really good in holding, 11 hours since her last pee and so much to drink. I was total impressed about her ability to restrain her urge, but there was no reward for her, the longer she was able to hold it, the more she had to suffer. She forced and tortured her poor bladder to stretch more and more, so that her urge was getting stronger and painfuller.

Some girls at the school can't even wait until the end of a lesson, they aske for the loo between the lessons and Renate told me 6 hours ago that she needed to wee so bad and now she is still holding it. I did not know that her bladder could stretch out so far, i did not know that her bladder could get this big to hold all this urine for so long.

I thought to myself, every girl piss her self if you make her wait long enough, if you don't let her go, but i had not enough time for that experiment, we had to go home.

Renate was bouncing her knees together, her belly was swollen and her bladder was bulging out, i was so horny, i could not resist, i had to take my chance, i said " your pretty full down there" putted my hand on her belly and pressed and pushed hard on her firm abdomen.

She pushed my hand away and said " stop that, it's coming out, i wee my panties." That was reason enough for me, to slide my hand under her skirt, between her naked thighs, up to her panties, up to her girl slit. I could feel it with my fingers, how wet her panty was.

My fingers was wet too, i did show her my wet finger, i did smell on it, it smelled so good from the strong girls wee, i was so horny i wanted to lick on it, but i did shout at her " you dirty, naughty, little girl, you pissed your panties, it is a shame, you should learn to hold it, you should train to hold it.

"You don't really wait for a answer" she said, " first you don't let me pee all day long, you know very well that my bladder is full to explode and than you push and press on it, what do you think what will happen if you do that? Exactly that what you want!?"

"No" i said " i don't want you to make you wet yourself, i just want to torture your bladder" and i pressed again hard on her abdomen, exactly on the ball of pee, what was bulging out from her flat belly.

Oh, how i wanted to have her in my bed to "play" with her.

It was time to go, it was not easy for her to stand up from the bench, with her bladder that full. Her abdomen muscles pressed hard on her poor bladder, so that the pressure was getting to much for her sphincter and a spurt of hot wee escaped at her already wet panties.

She moved both hands under her skirt, pressed hard between her thighs and did squat down beside the bench.

"You are not going to piss here, don't even think about that, get up and hold it!!" i shouted again.

"I can't, i have to wee so bad, i can not endure that any longer, my bladder will burst if i don't let it out, i have to wee, i must wee, please let me wee, there is nobody around who can see me, let me do it, i need it so much, let me wee, please, please" she was begging.

Part 8 is coming soon

