Golden College Days (Introduction)

Author: Harumaru

*000*2022-07-07 01:48

Golden College Days

Summary: Steven Diaz is attending college with his two best friends Tia Flores and Laney Hawthorne. These three have been friends forever and are happily spending their college years together, discovering new things about themselves, their old friends and about the new friends they make along the way.

This is only the beginning of this series I hope becomes a mini-series, or at least a limited series of omo-based stories featuring OC's that I've had for over a year now and I've finally decided I'm gonna freaking write them! So please enjoy! This is only the intro first so there's not a whole LOT of omo YET but trust me, there will... so for now, enjoy!!

###

Steven Diaz was a high school graduate, but that was the strangest thing to him now. So this was his life now, no longer a child but quite an adult yet. Except once he stepped onto his new college grounds he felt much more like an adult than he ever has.

’19 years old… that still doesn’t feel right.’

He thought to himself with a small sigh as he took in the scenery of Rosemary University, a peaceful looking place with college kids laughing, smiling and handing out flyers for clubs, programs and societies. Young adults just like him trying to get by or get ahead and figure things out while they can. Steven still didn’t have everything figured out yet, but that’s why he felt a lingering sense of excitement in him.

He can learn more things in his courses and learn more things from these new people and from some of his closest friends.

“Steven!! Steven hiiiiiiii! Good morning!!” Looking over his shoulder he saw the smiling face of Tia Flores, his best friend since childhood and playmate. She was so cute, still wore her braided pigtails and wore her frilly dresses, Steven simply adored her but for some reason he never thought of asking her out. He felt happier having her by his side though, and he was so happy to see her here with him.

“Tia! Hey good morning gal.” He waved at her and flashed her a grin as the two joined along the same path.

“Did you sleep at all? I mean I didn’t because I was super duper nervous about coming into freaking college for the first time but still! Did you sleep?” Tia asked with a chipper tone, speaking very fast as Steven chuckled. Something about her voice relaxed him and now he felt a little less nervous.

“Uh… about 3 hours?” He guessed outloud with a sheepish giggle as Tia gasped and widened her eyes.

“3 hours?!”

“Oho! 3 hours? Wow Steven that’s not good, I slept all night!” He perked up and turned to see another familiar face. Laney Hawthorne, his other best friend from childhood and the one he often played around with by pushing each other in the dirt.

“Laney Lanes.” He felt even more relaxed and smiled wider at her cheeky grin as she nudged his shoulder with a laugh.

“What are ya nervous? It’s only college, we’re all grown up now! I’d say this is a time for adventure! People learn all sorts of cool stuff in college!” She beamed with a fist in the air, urging Tia to throw her fist up as well.

“Yes! Let’s live like the characters in TV shows! I’ve always envisioned that I’d become actually cool in college and join the Art clubs and attend the galleries” The smaller girl exclaimed and clapped her hands as Laney snickered a little bit, “Of course you’d want that Tia, but I’m interested in seeing that too… I’m going for athletics myself as you know.”

Steven smiled as he listened to the two girls talk, taking a breath of relief as he realized that even if he wasn’t a child anymore, it was nice to see that some things didn’t change.

“I’m going for athletics too, make sure you gals see my games okay?” He asked the two, but Laney just smirked at him.

“That’s if you even make the team Stevie, you might have been good in high school but are you good enough to play in the big boy leagues?” She challenged him with her hands on her lips, leaning forward teasing as Steven narrowed his eyes and grit his teeth a little bit.

“I’m so good enough! I’m a big boy and ready for the big boy leagues Lanes! The question is are YOU? You’re still a little girl at heart after all.” He teasingly smirked at the girl when she winced in annoyance. “This is big girl leagues too ya know? So why doncha show me if ya got your big girl pants on?”

“Oh I have my big girl pants ON Steven!”

“And I have my big boy pants on!”

Steven and Laney had a habit of challenging each other, it’s what kept them going while Tia often supported their pissing contests because she liked to see where they went and laugh at the loser depending on what the challenge was.

“Then lets get this thing started huh?!” Steven asked her with a big smile as Laney grinned widely and gave him a thumbs up.

“Hell yes!”

They might have liked to challenge each other, but that’s how they were going to make college fun and figure out more about themselves now that they could branch out and discover new things. Steven felt particularly optimistic now that he had his two best girl friends by his side as they decided to stop by the university’s café first to get a few drinks to wake themselves up.

None of them were particularly used to waking up early, even Steven and Laney didn’t enjoy it despite being athletes. Plus they saw this as an opportunity to see what this university had to offer in terms of refreshments. Finding a table, they sat down together just like they used to in high school.

Steven and Laney opted to get themselves coffee, well if you can call it coffee. Steven merely got the vanilla bean flavored frap while Laney helped herself to a sweet boba tea, while Tia had already gotten herself a cookie with some pink lemonade.

“Cookie in the morning T? That’s how ya do it.” Laney mentally scolded herself for not thinking ahead as Tia smirked and pushed it closer to herself.

“Yup and no sharesies. That’s why you and Steven here got your caffeine, I’ll have double the dose of sugar with my lemonade here~.” She playfully teased the two as Laney scoffed and rolled her eyes with a smile.

“Heh, you’re ALL sugar Tia if you ask me, all sugar!” The dirty blonde suddenly stood up, creeping her fingers at Tia’s sides to tickle her as her friend suddenly squealed and laughed outloud at how much Laney’s fingers tickled at her rather sensitive sides.

“You don’t need sugar you’re our bundle of sugar! Our’s! Mine and Steven’s!” Laney chirped as Tia kept on laughing and writhing to try and get out of her grasp while Steven just laughed heartily. If this is how college was going to be he didn’t have any more complaints as he took a sip of his frappucino.

“You two are cray-cray-cray, not just cray-cray.” He giggled as the two girls started to blush at that cheeky smile of his, making Laney pout and Tia coyly smile. Yet the two of them felt at ease when Steven wasn’t so nervous. He had been rather nervous about this new milestone in their lives and they had been too. Tia was very open about how nervous and excited she was for this new chapter, and Laney herself only put up a confident bravado to make it seem like she wasn’t anxious about starting college.

They had each other though, they weren’t as afraid knowing that they were still friends and that things haven’t changed yet.

As they were preparing to clean their table, Laney suddenly stood up to announce, “Phew! I’m gonna go pee before we go to class, forgot to go this morning and now I drank all that boba.” She said without a hint of shame which made Tia flinch and blush, while Steven scoffed and snickered.

“Gross… Laney…!” Tia crossed her arms, using a scolding tone as Steven just shook his head in amusement.

“No shame to your game eh?” Steven wasn’t unfamiliar with Laney’s shamelessness, even when it came to announcing her trips to the bathrooms or outright telling people that she needed to go.

“Games don’t have shame Stevie, now wait for me I won’t be long.” She said with a pat on his shoulder as he gave her a slightly annoyed smile when he watched her head to the bathroom. Tia stood with him for only a moment before she got up with slightly flushed cheeks, “I’ll… go with her, just cuz my hands are sticky from the lemonade.” She claimed, although Steven knew that this had to be a lie but he wouldn’t say anything to embarrass Tia unless they were playing around.

He waved her off as he watched her go into the bathroom after Laney, and he sat there alone and opted to throw away their garbage. Now that he was alone for a little moment he began to think about his own frappucino and how it’ll go through him sooner or later. He might as well go too before their first class begins.

‘Heh, all right I’ll go… not like I’d ever tell Lanes or Tia…’

Steven thought to himself as he walked into the men’s room and went to the first stall. As he unzipped his pants he let out a small sigh of relief, trying not to pay attention to much to the splashing sounds of his own stream echoing in this thankfully empty bathroom. He didn’t know how Tia and Laney could go to the bathroom together, but then again he didn’t know how they were with their bathroom habits and never wondered about it.

So he found that strange as to why he suddenly began to think about that, what kind of guy just starts thinking about things like that? A pervert, that’s what. Steven was no pervert, at least… he was very sure about that.

No. He wasn’t a pervert.

Colleges did have perverts but Steven couldn’t have been a pervert, he wasn’t a pervert and he wouldn’t become one.

Right?

*002*2022-07-07 20:45

{{7 hours ago, StarCommand said:

Very exciting premise! I loved all the characters so far!

}}

Why thank you!! I'm really glad to hear that! I hoped people would so I hope to keep on pleasing! With a capital pee XD

