Golden College Days (Introduction)

Author: Harumaru

*007*2022-12-05 03:46

It's been too long! But here is Part 3 to my series Golden College Days!

Chapter 3: A Break From Studying

Summary: Steven studies for midterms with Laney and Tia, but their overindulgence of caffeine and sweet drinks catches up to Steven and Laney.

###

Steven guessed that after last week he had gotten what he wanted. Which was for everything to go as it usually did and focus on studying for midterms this week.

Last week he met a girl and after an embarrassing moment they shared, Steven drove her home when she was too intoxicated to go home alone. Her name was Lily Gardner, but Steven didn’t see her around after that. He hoped that she was okay because he saw her get home safely, but he hasn’t seen her on campus.

At the same time, he assumed she must have been busy because it was midterms week. That was the most logical reason because he, Tia and Laney had been studying all week. And all three of them equally disliked studying. It just wasn’t their thing, and yet here they were still stuck on the same problems as they all sat together at a table. Each of them holding nervous yet determined and confused looks on their faces.

“I HATE THIS!!” Suddenly Tia shouted rather loudly as she threw her hands up in the air. She said exactly what Steven and Laney were thinking.

“Keep it together T! We have plenty of time to study!” Laney attempted to make her feel better by being optimistic, even though she was a bit nervous too. And hyped up on caffeine after guzzling drink after drink to keep herself stimulated and avoid getting drowsy or bored. Tests weren’t his strong suit so she needed to be awake.

“The exam’s in 12 hours!” Tia reminded her somewhat loudly, apparently, she was still stuck in shouting mode. Laney wasn’t bothered though, in fact the only thing that did bother her was the fact that Tia was absolutely right. They didn’t have as much time as she thought.

And what especially bothered her was the fact that she needed to pee. A lot. She and her friends were downing soda after soda, with some water and tea brought by Tia to keep hydrated and energized so they could study without nodding off. However, because Laney and Steven were both athletes who drank a lot to stay hydrated, her bladder had gotten pretty full and she found herself needing relief.

She squirmed and wiggled her knees in her seat as she thought about how she had to go quite a bit and felt that it was probably time to get up. And she was going to announce her need until Steven spoke up.

“But we got all this other stuff from the store, right? See ladies I think if we just keep on eating and drinking, this stuff will start making more sense. After all, don’t they say that you think better when you’re eating and drinking well?” Steven somewhat anxiously explained. He didn’t know if it made any sense because while he considered himself a logical person, he wasn’t so logical when nervous.

Tia and Laney were very nervous too, and it made him kind of nervous too. Or maybe he was also hyped up on too much caffeine and juice and soda. He ate a lot of sugar and drank a lot of sugary drinks, because it was hard to stop eating and drink sweet stuff when you have nothing but sweet stuff in front of you and with test review papers that seemed to do nothing but stress you out.

Except now all that sugary sweetness made its way into his bladder and he was starting to realize that he was in need of a piss, but there was no way he was going to tell Tia or Laney.

“Huh good point, we still have plenty of sour straws, chocolate bars, a bag of scones from Starbucks after we got Starbucks…” The dirty blonde would have teased him, but they all had the same goal to make sure this studying would pay off. If anyone hated studying the most it was Laney, and she got some decent grades but it didn’t mean she enjoyed staring at papers for hours. Hell, she didn’t even see the point of test-taking given that it was just a way for big corporations to make money and unfairly judge people on how well they can bubble in the write answers rather than their thought process.

“Argh! I need more sweets! I can’t think without them! I ate all the Oreos too…” Tia whined as she plopped her head on the table. She wasn’t good at studying, but at least neither Steven or Laney were any better. It’s just that Tia was definitely the worst at studying because she had even less of an attention span than her friends did.

“There, there…” Laney consoled her by patting her on the head as she crossed one leg over the other as she tried her hardest not to openly squirm. But she definitely needed to get up for a piss.

“I know what I’m gonna do. I’m gonna go get some donuts from Dunkin Donuts and maybe we’ll be able to think. A couple of coffees from the Starbucks! That’s what helps right?” Tia suddenly picked her head up after an impulsive thought came to her head.

Steven swore he saw sparkles in her eyes when she mentioned coffee and donuts. Coffee wasn’t his favorite beverage, but he liked other drinks even though he didn’t want a drink at the moment. His bladder didn’t need anymore liquid now that he felt the fullness just sitting in between his legs. He should probably go soon before it becomes obvious as he crossed one leg over the other, almost unknowingly mimicking Laney.

“Right! That’s a good idea! You should definitely do that, because I could use a donut right now, might be the sugar high speaking but please Tia…” Steven won’t admit it, but if he waits for Tia, it means he won’t have to stare at his papers for a while. He was tired, he was kind of hungry, and he had to pee too.

He stared over at the empty Starbucks cups, cans of soda, water bottles and juice boxes, along with an assorted mess of chip bags and candy wrappers. Living proof of college students who had too much time on their hands but doing their best to try and actually work hard. Steven felt that he, Laney and Tia worked hard enough for a little bit though, so they deserved a box of donuts and a couple of more coffees.

“Hell yeah! Oh maybe get a muffin too while you’re at it. I think we’ve earned the extra sugar…” Laney chuckled a little bit, bouncing in her seat as she masked her need with excitement. Tia thankfully was too caught up in the impulse to notice as she nodded with an exaggerated grin.

“Gotcha! Sit back and relax and we’ll definitely have a little break… I’ll be right back… but maybe clean this mess up a bit? Just because we’re studying doesn’t mean we should be slobs! I know this is mostly you guys’ mess!” She put her hands on her hips and lightly scolded her friends because she threw away her trash, but Steven and Laney sure didn’t.

Steven chuckled nervously as Laney fidgeted with a sheepish smile, the two of them nonverbally agreeing to clean the mess as Tia grabbed her purse and keys. “Be careful T, you don’t want me to come with?” Steven had to ask before Tia could go off for her little trip.

“Nope! I’m good! I’ve got my taser and mace! I’ll be totally fine I promise. You worry too much! A lady like me can take care of myself ya know?” Tia reassured him and asserted her own independence, and that was all Steven needed to hear as he nodded.

“All right, cool, cool you know what to do.” He gave her a thumbs up and a smile. Secretly he was glad she didn’t want him to come because then he would have to wait to come back to pee. Tia was significantly more feminine than Laney was, so Steven was just a little bit shyer around her. At least when it came to announcing personal needs like this, even if he’s done it before for some reason, he couldn’t bring himself to say it out loud at the moment.

Until Lily’s blushing face flashed in his mind and the image of her urinating played in his head. Her amber, hissing stream that splattered into the grass and the fact that he saw it flowing from between her legs…

Steven bit his bottom lip when he realized what he was thinking about. Why the hell did that come back to mind?!

“Atta girl! See you soon!” Thank God Laney spoke up and distracted Tia before they could see Steven’s face. The last thing he needed was some teasing because then they’d pry and pry until they eventually get the truth out of him.

Steven just couldn’t lie to them, even when he wanted to. Which is why he definitely needed to try and just keep it hidden from them and ignore the fact that watching a girl piss in front of him gave him an erection. He didn’t even have that kind of kink! Or any sort of kink! At least he thought so, he had an idea of what was attractive and sexy, but piss wasn’t one of them. Yet he was still trying to think about what force possessed him to become aroused at the sight of a cute girl peeing in front of him and admiring the stream flowing from between her legs and-.

‘No, no, no! Dammit! What’s wrong with me?!’

“Okay byeeeeeee I’ll be back~!” Tia happily waved to the two of them as Steven perked up and raised his hand to robotically wave back at her. Acting as completely normal as possible, and he praised himself for doing so as he smiled widely.

Tia didn’t seem to notice though as she left her two friends and closed the door, making Laney feel just a little bit nervous. She didn’t have Tia around to act as a buffer and now she was going to have to act quickly before Steven has a chance to tease her if he finds out that she needed to pee.

She’s been open about her needs of course but there were times even Laney felt embarrassed about that kind of thing since Steven really knew how to tease her sometimes. But she can handle it, she didn’t mind the teasing since she knew how to dish it back. Steven was fairly easy to embarrass too, and for some reason he actually looked kind of embarrassed too.

“You okay there Stevie?” She asked with real concern since his face looked a little bit flushed and he was obviously forcing a smile.

He gasped quietly when Laney did pick up on his strange behavior. Just when he thought he had it hidden well, Laney figured it out. Of course she did.

“I-I’m fine!” He stammered like an idiot and he could see Laney looking at him somewhat suspiciously as he realized he quickly needed to say something, anything before she could point out anything.

“I just have to… pee! That’s it! Haha, too much drinks ya know? Sheeeeeeeesh…” Steven quickly saved face but started to blush even more when he said it outloud. He’s announced his needs before but it was always a little bit embarrassing and even more so in front of Laney. He already prepared for the teasing as he saw her perk up and grin.

“Ohhhhhh~ You gotta pee? Is that it? Hahaha! We DID drink too much energy drinks and soda… guess it’s too much for your bladder huh?” Laney couldn’t help but tease him, he just looked so cute and funny when he was flustered like that. And he looked even cuter when he started blushing in embarrassment and narrowing his eyes at her.

“Tch, well obviously! That’s what happens when you drink at least 3 different energy drinks and a whole thing of soda!” He exclaimed and just made Laney laugh even more.

“No duh! Ah… funny that you mention that because I actually have to pee too.” Laney couldn’t lie and she didn’t lie, so she admitted that she had to go too. And now she was the one who was blushing a little bit. Which surprised Steven as he looked a little bit closer when he thought she looked even just a little bit embarrassed.

“Ha! So that makes two of us… it’s too much for your bladder too eh?” It was Steven’s turn to tease as he smirked at her mischievously, making her cheeks heat up a little bit as she grunted in annoyance. Yet she couldn’t lie, she liked it when they teased each other like this. It just felt natural and like them.

“I can hold more than you! But I think it wouldn’t be good for either of us to keep it up. So I’m gonna go first.” Laney refused to admit defeat, so instead she opted to claim that she deserved to use the toilet first. Besides if it meant getting to see her sweet Stevie squirm then that would be a bonus.

However, Steven had no intention of being so polite as he scoffed and laughed, “Not a chance Lanes. You think I’d be that nice? Nah… I mean I know people say to let ladies first but I’m a feminist and I believe that ladies can wait their turn without needing to be told to go first, so I’m gonna go first.” He moved quickly and headed towards the bathroom, but Laney bumped right into him and put her hand over his cheek.

“Ladies first is outdated! I’m only going first because I said I get to go first and it’s got nothing to do with me being a lady, it’s got to do with me when I say I’m not letting you go first!” She somewhat ranted as she and Steven grunted and tried in vain to push each other away despite the jostles it was giving to their full bladders. Laney kept her thighs squeezed together while Steven did his best to remain stiff even with the girl trying to push him away. He didn’t like the idea of being rough with her but Laney could take it, and besides he wasn’t really being rough given that he needed to have a pee and he felt his actions were totally justified.

“Well I’m not letting YOU go first either!” He exclaimed as their shoulders were pressed together in their little squabble on the way to the bathroom. Steven kept his hands to himself though, not wanting to accidentally grab anything even if he tried to shove her aside. Laney wasn’t letting up though, she used all her upper body strength and her arms to keep Steven from getting ahead as the two grunted and shouted in unison.

All Laney had to do was sneakily use her free hand to push him, and move a leg up to move herself forward as Steven felt himself being shoved back as the dirty blonde girl lunged towards the room with a big smile on her face.

“Sucker!” She laughed victoriously as Steven’s eyes went wide and he clenched his fists angrily and let out an aggravated shout.

“Ack! Laney! You sneak!” He should have seen that coming, Laney always played dirty tricks that she claimed were ‘strategies’ even though he didn’t see it as such. He preferred playing fair and using his own merit, but Laney complained that sometimes for girls they have to use their wits and other resources in order to go against anyone bigger than them. Which he understood but not in this situation where he wanted to take a simple piss!

“Sure seems fair to me!”

Laney giggles as she locks the door quickly before going over to the front of the toilet, quickly she unzipped her jeans and pulled them down along with her panties, letting them fall to the floor as she quickly stepped forward and kicked them aside so her lower half was all bare. However, she didn’t sit down because that’s actually not what Laney did whenever she had to pee. Sitting down wasn’t the way she did it, instead she lifted the lid and carefully stood in front of it.

She brought her hands down to her privates, spreading her vulva as she bent her knees ever so slightly for aim. Almost immediately a sudden and loud jet of piss burst forth, but flowed right into the porcelain thanks to Laney's aiming. Soon quickly followed by an even more audible stream of gold that loudly splashed and pummeled the toilet’s water.

PSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSHHHHHH!!

“Ahhhhhhhhh~…” Laney sighed shamelessly in relief as she pissed hard and strongly without much effort, watching her stream arc straight into the water as the forceful volume of splashing filled the small room. Her flow of piss was more like a tiny waterfall in terms of strength and pressure as she stood proudly and closed her eyes, letting out more soft pants of relief as this euphoria took over her. She overdid it with all the energy drinks and caffeine but sometimes it was worth it when she got to feel this good and relieve a full bladder.

‘Oh my god it feels so good…’

It was a secret she hadn’t told Tia or Steven, and there’s no way in hell she would yet. These two were the kids she’s grown up since third grade, her best friends. They graduated together! Yet she didn’t want to tell them yet because she didn’t feel the need to yet. And besides they were both somewhat dramatic when Laney preferred to keep things lowkey.

Tia was a super girly girl who probably wouldn’t understand this kind of thing, and she’d probably freak out and experience secondhand embarrassment which would then make Laney feel embarrassed. And she didn’t want to think about how Steven might react since he was so easily embarrassed as well. Laney didn’t feel embarrassed about it, but her friend’s embarrassment ironically gave HER secondhand embarrassment.

But Laney liked doing this. Peeing standing up was not only a huge accomplishment for her but it was actually pretty fun and entertaining too, it was something she got to experiment and play around with in private. It’s one thing she felt proud to do since it wasn’t a very common skill. She’s been well versed in the world of misogyny as a young lady who played sports, watched sports, worked at a few food service places and retail stores that were mostly run by men and played video games, card games and did a little bit of live action roleplay as well. Laney never missed an opportunity to play around with ‘the big boys’ and best them at any sort of competition. And peeing standing up was just another one of those many things that she felt she could do better.

Of course, she’s never actually played a legitimate pissing contest before but one day she might just take some hapless dork on the challenge just to show them that anything a man can do, a girl like Laney Hawthorne can do better.

And feel better too. There was something even more satisfying being able to piss standing up as her stream went on and on. The pressure pausing then building up again as she continued to spray her flood, the noise not tapering off just yet. Laney sighed as she smiled at the sight, swaying her hips just a little as she played a bit with her piss. Perhaps it was a silly thing to do, but Laney didn’t care. This was a secret way she enjoyed herself and she wasn’t quite ready to be judged about it. And it felt amazing that she felt a little shiver go down her back in relief. How could she complain when she had this sweet relief from pissing?

At least that’s what she thought as she remained oblivious to the fact that her friend outside could hear more than she thought.

Meanwhile, Steven cringed when he heard loud sounds of water? That was definitely water, except when he realized it was coming from the bathroom, along with a very vocal, relieved sigh coming from Laney, his cheeks burned hot. That wasn't the sink, but he thought it WAS for a second with how loud it was.

‘Laney is… pissing!!’

He realized with slight dread as he could very much hear the unabashed splashing from outside. That was Laney’s piss? How much did she even drink? How could she even piss so hard? He thought as his face was burning badly and he took a step back, covering his mouth as he tried to tune out the sound. Which was impossible because somehow the sheer sound of Laney’s piss managed to cut through the door.

Steven wondered even though he knew he shouldn’t have even been thinking about it. He’s never once entertained the idea of Tia or Laney peeing, he knew they did because everyone did but never in a perverted sense! Yet he could hear Laney, the loud bubbling sound of water hitting water in what sounded like a strong spray of gushing piss.

Suddenly images of Lily came back to his mind. The way she stood in front of him, piss flowing from between her legs as the sound of gushing fluid spattered onto the grass. Only know the sound he remembered was being literally drowned out by Laney’s audible spray.

Why the hell was he even comparing the two?!

‘Agh…! Something is wrong with me… thinking about… about pee!’ Steven bemoaned as he covered his ears and had to find a place to sit down, almost trying to fight every single image and sound his brain was trying to conjure up. Yet he couldn’t stop thinking about it, hearing Laney pee and remembering how Lily peed was driving him crazy. He couldn’t have been fixated on this, he couldn’t have…

That wasn’t normal.

He thought, not hearing the sound of a toilet flushing and unaware that the door had opened shortly afterwards as a very relieved Laney let out a huge, shameless sigh of relief as she exited the bathroom.

“Ah so much better… okay~. Loser can go second~ Hope you didn’t pee yourself… Steven?” Laney finally saw the state he was in as he flinched and let out a startled shout.

“WHA-HUH?!” He comically screamed with wide eyes which made Laney recoil in surprise. Her friends were very expressive so she was used to it, but it was still kind of funny when they got so loud like this.

“What’s the matter? Didn’t you hear me? I said losers can go second.” She used her typical playful tone as she pointed to the bathroom, completely oblivious to what Steven was really thinking.

‘Oh I heard you all right…’ He discreetly thought as he couldn’t even muster up any feelings of competitiveness as he stood up and forced a laugh.

“HA! Second… you’re a sneaky cheater Lanes! But I will accept this second place because second is almost first!” Steven pointed at her as he managed to somehow act normal even though his cheeks were flushed and he kept his pelvis turned just in case he got semi-hard from all of his swirling thoughts about piss.

“Oh my God you’re such a dork…” Laney just laughed at this thought, she had no idea what was up with him but it was hilarious as she watched him close the door. He was so cute. She sighed at the thought as she decided to go back to the table and wait for Tia and think about how she should mess with Steven another time.

Steven couldn’t even begin to think about anything like that though, even though he was in the bathroom in front of a toilet where he could finally pee, there’s no way he could now. He was a little bit aroused and the worst part was that he was aroused just thinking about how two girls peed. One right in front of him and another just outside where he could hear.

And then he began to wonder, would Laney be able to hear him piss? The thought sounded mortifying even though Steven’s never had that type of issue before, at least not that he could remember. He and his friends don’t just talk about how they piss in front of each other since normal people don’t piss in front of each other, let alone have a discussion about that. That was super private no matter how many times Laney gave them too much information about how bad she had to pee or how she wanted to take a piss somewhere other than a toilet when she really had to go. But Laney wasn’t a normal person so Steven brushed that off.

What the hell was he going to do now? Especially now as he unzipped his pants and realized how semi-hard he was. He couldn’t believe this, he wasn’t some sort of pervert was he? Or was this a fixation? No. No way, he refused to entertain that thought. Steven didn’t like the idea of kink-shaming and he never did, but he didn’t want to think maybe he would be into anything so… vulgar and explicit. And worse, about his friend?! And a nice girl he met a while back, what would that say about him?

He wasn’t sure but he needed to do something about this boner.

“Come on… let me think about… something awful and… terrible and just not appealing in the slightest…” If he willed it to go down then he thought he would be okay. Disgusting, horrible things like… deforestation and littering. Garbage that he remembers someone dumped all over him in middle school, how mad he was and how disgusted he was because it was all full of milk and some other thing he couldn’t identify in their school lunches.

And when Tia foolishly took up Laney’s challenge at the rollercoaster in freshman year! When they ate so much corn dogs and chili that Steven felt nauseous just thinking about it. Laney told them whoever can ride the rollercoaster without puking after a bunch of junk food would get 100 dollars. Poor Tia lost horribly but at Laney and Steven’s expense since her juicy, chili-ed red and somehow greenish yellow vomit got all over them in spews and chunks that it made Steven puke shortly afterwards. How Laney somehow endured all of that without vomiting he’ll never know.

“Ugh…”

There it was, the queasy feeling in his stomach that was now weighing down on his full bladder, making him remember that he really needed to pee and right now!

“Ah…! I have to go!”

He thought outloud, crossing one ankle over the other as he realized that the seat was still down, so he lifted it up. At least until he cringed in automatic disgust when he felt something wet on his fingertips, it was small but enough to where Steven knew it was something that probably shouldn’t have been there.

“What the fuck?”

Was that piss?! Did Laney seriously piss hard enough to leave tinkle sprinkle on the seat? That’s usually what he did! And a guy thing! Girls did that too?!

‘Gross… what the hell Lanes? Then again… that’s so like her, definitely a manly woman…’

Steven didn’t know the half of it, but he assumed that Laney’s bathroom habits weren’t exactly charming either. He admired that she defied gender norms by acting just as masculine as the guys would while retaining what femininity she had, but leaving pee on the toilet seat was still gross! He recoiled in disgust as he wiped the bit of wetness off his fingers by rubbing it on the side of his pants.

Nasty. Although Steven wouldn’t lie and tell himself he’s never done that before by accident. Tia’s even smacked him a couple of times with her sandal when he did. So out of courtesy he grabbed some toilet paper real quick to wipe it off.

He was definitely not going to make that mistake though as he quickly pulled himself out so he could finally go because he needed to go. His cock was thankfully limp now that he remembered one of the grossest things in his life. And to think something disgusting saved him right now and made him feel so good as the added disgust of touching tinkle sprinkle aided him as he released his own stream into the bowl.

Pssssssssssshhhhhh

“Ah…” Steven couldn’t help but sigh heavily in relief, shoulders slumping as he felt relieved in many different ways. His bladder was emptying, he didn’t have to worry about having an erection in front of his best friends and he felt normal now that wasn’t thinking about piss at the moment. Other than his own as he stared down at his stream, it was strong enough for him to think it was healthy. Not weak or a dribble so he wasn’t having any physical issues yet. He was still young after all.

He only hoped he wasn’t terribly loud, it made noise like it usually did of course but not like Laney, she pissed like she had an ocean stored in her bladder. “Ugh…” Steven shuddered when he thought about it, even though it really bothered him for some reason.

Albeit not in a bad way, he just couldn’t shake the feeling off. The only feeling he could revel in is how good he felt now that he got to piss. He wasn’t even holding in that much, and yet he felt immensely relieved as he watched the water turn yellow as he kept peeing, God he really had too much caffeine.

If he had drunk more water his urine would be a little clearer. He and Laney usually drank water but even they needed their treats, especially when they were stressed out with upcoming tests and everything. He would have to make sure that they don’t overdo it though, last thing he wanted was for him or Laney to pick up any bad habits. Maybe she would agree to that if he talked to her about it. Even though that’s gonna be an awkward conversation.

“Phew… at least nothing’s burning I guess…” Steven thought outloud as he watched the rest of his piss jet into the bowl and slowly peter out. A small shudder running down his spine before he shook off the small drops before flushing the toilet.

However, Steven made sure to wipe down any pee that got on the toilet seat because he was a civilized person who cleaned pee off toilet seats.

And he made sure to wash his hands too so he wasn’t extra gross, but he knew Laney wasn’t that gross either.

“Ah… relief…” He came out with a pleased sigh, not unlike how Laney did earlier as she perked up and smirked when he came out.

“All better bud?” She asked him with her hands on her cheeks as she sat back at their table, and Steven couldn’t help but chuckle and smile.

“Yes I do as a matter of fact… I think I had a BIT too much caffeine…” He nervously giggled and Laney couldn’t help but smile.

“Yeah? Ah same… that’s why I had to piss so bad… stuff goes right through you, more than water but that’s just caffeine for you, ironically dehydrates you more than anything.” Laney shrugged and was quite understanding and didn’t make fun of Steven for that. She actually agreed with him and he couldn’t help but feel relieved in another sense.

He thought it would be awkward but then he remembered that it was kind of hard for anything to be awkward around Laney. And then he remembered that’s why he liked her so much, and why she was a good friend to him.

“Yeah there's water in soda, it’s a shame it tastes good… and a shame that it gives us that extra boost of energy… but uh ya know it’s okay in moderation I guess, we’ll just keep an eye on what we drink and make sure we don’t overdo it eh?” Steven nudged her playfully in the shoulder, and she let out a laugh as he saw the big smile on her face.

“Yeeeeah totally! We’re still athlete's after all, can’t let ourselves go! But you’d look pretty cute if you had a little tummy on ya.” Laney then teasingly pinched the soft part of Steven’s stomach as he let out a small yelp at the surprise squeeze. She was obviously playing with him of course but that was a nervous spot that made him blush terribly.

“GACK! Lanes! I mean THANKS but still! I won’t let myself go, or at least not to where I wake up feeling like crap… and you’d better not either because too much junk will mess us up.” Thankfully they agreed with each other, and just opted to keep trying to make good choices even as stress gradually builds up.

However, right as they made this decision is when Tia decided to come back in with a box full of donuts and a tray with three cups that consisted of either coffee or juice. “I’m baaaaaack! And I brought donuts!” She chirped as Steven and Laney glanced at each other knowingly, trying not to laugh at the irony of this whole thing as Tia looked endearingly bewildered.

“What’d I miss?”

“Nothing! I’m ready for a powdered donut!” Laney happily said as she knew Tia got all their favorites as Steven snickered and opted to grab one of the juices while Laney took a coffee, a sweet vanilla bean cold coffee at that. So much for good choices. At least for tonight, they can go back to being hydrated and healthy tomorrow.

Steven was just happy that things felt back to normal for the most part since he could enjoy Tia and Laney’s couple, thinking that what strange thoughts were plaguing him were just thoughts. That’s it that’s all and that’s what he told himself.

As for Laney, well she was happy to see Steven and Tia looking happy too in spite of how much testing they had to do. It was a change for all of them and yet her feelings hadn’t changed, and she couldn’t help but think maybe, just maybe she’ll find a way to be more honest about those feelings.

‘Hmm… maybe someday I’ll tell Steven… maybe.’

