Desperation Vision - Page 2

Author: herrokitty

*034*2019-05-13 03:05

{{21 hours ago, RagingPython said:

I literally just realised it didn’t actually delete all the text in the quote I tried to delete. Whoops.

It was supposed to just be the text about the musical’s ending, which was claimed to be a spoiler in the story.

I can’t delete the post though, maybe a moderator can for me or something.

I didn’t mean too man, I tried to delete it, and I didn’t realise it didn’t actually delete.

}}

Les Miserables was written in 1862 is it still a spoiler if it's almost 200 years old jk jk just giving you a hard time, sorry about not giving a heads up. Thanks for the positive feedback overall, though! I'm almost done with a couple of short stories, one messing and one not. Again, looking to post both so people who aren't into messing have new content.

*036*2019-05-15 13:39

Here's the next two stories! As I said, they're a bit shorter. I wanted to write them because the first is based very loosely on a real experience and the second is based very loosely on a story someone else told me. The first, while tame, has messing so I'll make it bold when you're safe if you're not into that.

The rest of freshman year, from a desperation standpoint, was pretty dull. I had one short story over the summer. I took a janitor job at a local indoor pool. I would show up fifteen minutes before closing and get set up and begin to clean the place as it closed. This meant I usually overlapped for half an hour with the lifeguard that summer, who was a girl named Leah who was using this as her summer job before she went off to college. She was nice, we greeted each other, but we never got to know each other. She was, however, very attractive, and looked rather like Kelly Rohrbach, stereotypical one piece red swimsuit and all

. She did wear her hair in a ponytail while lifeguarding, because unlike in movies, girls try to keep their hair out of their face when they have to do physical activities. I know, the least important aspect of unrealistic portrayals in movies.

One day, I had come in to work and saw Leah sitting in her lifeguard chair, but she was gripping the sides of the chair very tightly. It had become second nature to double check people’s desperation status, so I did. 50% bladder. Well, that doesn’t seem to be the cause of her discomfort. Bowels: 99%.

Oh. That’s really high. I couldn’t imagine how uncomfortable it was. Well, I thought humorously, I hope no one drowns for the next fifteen minutes because she is not in much position to save you.

Unfortunately for her, she had to be there as long as someone was in the pool, and some kids were making sure they were there until the absolute closing time. I quickly stopped in the janitor’s closet so I wouldn’t be just standing there gawking suspiciously and filled up the bucket and grabbed a mop. When I wheeled back out to the pool area, she was at her limit. 100%. She looked extremely uncomfortable and was hunched over now. She blew her whistle to signal closing for the last kids (I’m pretty sure they technically had a few minutes, but fortunately/unfortunately they didn’t check the clock and listened to her).

I slowly began to work as the last kids in the pool ran into the locker room. I slowly worked my way closer to her as she gingerly stood up and got out of her chair. She inched her way to a small office where she kept her things (and my janitor closet was in) and as she got to the door, I could see her from behind and could see her butt clearly tightly clenched. As she fumbled with the door, I finally saw the number drop. 99%. 98%. A tiny bulge appeared, like a knuckle, before it slowly grew. As it reached the size of a clementine, she got the door open and rushed inside.

There was no bathroom in there, but she must not have wanted to enter the girls’ lockers while the kids were still there. I got back to work, amazed by what I had seen, but couldn’t see her now.

A few minutes later, after the kids had left the locker room, she came out wearing sweatpants over her swimsuit. She still had her swimsuit on and it was covering her top. She speed-walked past me, face bright red as she muttered, “Hi” and left the building. Her walking was a little bow-legged and she smelled clearly of poop as she walked by - she must have decided she was going to clean up and change at home rather than here as I cleaned the place. Understandable. I smirked, knowing what had happened, but of course neither she nor I ever brought it up (nor did she likely think I even knew what had happened).

Just wetting here on out

I mentioned before that my English class had inspired my career choice. Sophomore year, I declared myself a journalism major and began to take all the required classes. I also ditched the music extracurricular and signed up to write for the student newspaper. There’s always jokes about journalism being a dying career, but it was pretty true with our student newspaper because they immediately assigned me to cover the student government, despite having no background in politics and no past experience in journalism.

As I attended student government meetings, I realized it WAS the sucker assignment as student government was boring as hell. It was just giving money to student groups. And planning homecoming week. It didn’t attract the best and brightest, either, mostly College Republicans and College Democrats seeking a résumé boost. However, out of sheer dumb luck the student government president wasn’t a total idiot and pushed forward a sustainability plan for student housing that the rest of the legislators were all too happy to vote for to take credit. The day it passed, late in the fall semester, she promised I could interview her after the meeting. I sat to the side as the meeting went on, people dragging the meeting out with inane questions about procedure and passive aggressive comments about each other.

I sat there, bored, already having typed up a summary and only making a note to jot down particularly good zingers that might spice up the article. I watched the president, Sandra, who couldn’t hide her own face of boredom (and probably contempt). Sandra looked a lot like this blogger && and had on a similar-looking professional outfit minus the blazer (do these student government types even understand that they’re college students, not real politicians?). She almost seemed to be… bouncing, though, despite her bored facial expression. I was off to the side, so as I looked down I could just see that she was bouncing her knee up and down. Hmm…

Yup. She was at 90% bladder capacity. Poor Sandra had to run these meetings and these people could debate for hours. Sometimes, she hands over the facilitation to someone else to leave the room, but it seems with her legislation on the line, she wasn’t going to excuse herself. I couldn’t help but fantasize. What if she had an accident? It would be so obvious with that white skirt. These were catty people. They’d probably find some way to punish her. But embarrassment aside, you can’t impeach someone for pissing themselves, could you? I thought, amused, for a moment what would happen if the President pissed themselves in front of people. Late night TV would have a field day.

Would I… cover that? Is that newsworthy? I was pretty early into my journalism career, but I’m pretty sure the answer is a resounding no. I’m not looking to work for TMZ here. Though… with my “superpower,” I’d probably be a pretty good tabloid reporter…

Back to Sandra, I saw her bite her lip and lean forward a little as the number climbed to 92%. Finally, however, the bickering stopped and a vote came up. Despite all the arguments, the sustainability legislation sailed through without opposition. I saw Sandra loosen up with relief and then immediately tighten up, probably because she was at 95% capacity. After some other logistical details, the meeting was finally adjourned. I approached her with my laptop and my recorder. “Hey Sandra, can I interview you about the sustainability legislation?”

I could see her almost twitch in reaction. She probably had forgotten she had agreed to do this but seemed either thrown off-guard or didn’t want to admit to having to pee, especially with all these politically conniving people around her, and just blurted out, “Sure.”

She then followed up, “Let’s go to my office.”

I followed her in and sat across from her as she took her chair behind her desk. I set down my laptop and recorder. “Mind if I turn on the recorder to make sure I quote you accurately?”

“Sure.”

“Alright, thanks.”

I set everything up and then looked up to ask my first question. I also was double checking her desperation… 98%. I could see her legs were tightly crossed, but she then pulled herself and her chair towards me and her legs were covered by the desk. I could see her bounce just a little bit as I presume she was shaking her foot. Her hands were on the desk, but they were tense, not relaxed. She really had to go and was doing a good job of hiding it, but since I knew, I could see the signs.

“Alright, so, today the student government passed a resolution outlining and supporting a sustainability plan. What exactly does that entail and why did you introduce it?”

I saw beads of sweat form along her hairline as she concentrated to both hold it and answer. “Umm… Well… Climate change is this existential threat, which can seem overwhelming, but that means everybody needs to do their part and we’re trying to do ours. So, that includes introducing composting to student spaces and doing an analysis of the student union and student housing on waste and carbon emissions. We’re setting aside student money to fund studying ways to reduce those things.”

It was strange to hear someone as no-nonsense as Sandra use fillers like um and and well. “What are examples of potential ways to reduce waste and emissions?”

“Umm… Like, switching light bulbs to LED or fitting windows that don’t let heat out in the winter.”

“Great… Did you expect any controversy? Any potential unintentional consequences?”

“Umm…”

I saw she had reached 100%. Her hands tightened into balls on top of the table and she looked down for a second. She sounded strained as she answered. “This really should be commonsense and…”

She paused, inhaling sharply. She sat, frozen, for a second, then continued, “I think you saw that with the universal vote.”

“Fair enough, but there was quite a bit of debate. Why?”

I saw her hands loosen. She coughed, and then spoke a little louder than before. “Well, it will cost student fee money, and I think representatives should be thorough and ensure that our fee money isn’t being wasted. They’re just being thorough.”

After she was done talking, I could hear a faint trickling. I checked. Yup. It was already down to 50% and dropping. She was peeing right in front of me and hiding it under the desk! She had relieved half her bladder as she spoke to me and was still peeing! I was amazed at the brazenness.

“Okay, one more question. Anything else on the agenda for this semester?”

“I would love to investigate ways to have students control the student union more, things like pricing, decorations, even wages.”

Back to no-nonsense, professional, confident. This lady really was meant for politics. She was so confident that if I didn’t hear the faint dripping as she finished peeing, I wouldn’t have believed it for myself that she had just wet herself in front of me. I checked her bladder. 0%.

I turned off the recorder. “Thanks so much for your time”

I stood up and offered my hand to shake. She very briefly looked at her lap, then stood up. No sign of wetness on the front of her white skirt - must have been why she checked - but I could hear the drips from the back of her skirt onto the floor. We shook hands and I left, amazed at what she got away with. I was tempted to hang around to see what she would do, but I couldn’t figure out a non-creepy way of doing that, so I headed home to finish my article.

*040*2019-05-19 16:10

Thanks for the continuing positive feedback 🙂 Here's the next story I wrote, which is a bit longer. There is sexual content, as a heads up!

A month before I had interviewed Sandra, I met a fellow sophomore named Jennifer. We were at a Halloween party hosted by my now friend Rana. I didn’t know Jennifer before, but I noticed her immediately. She was dressed up

As a very outdated character, Miranda Frost, from the James Bond movie Die Another Day, but I could also see why - she looked a lot like actress Rosamund Pike. Though, if my perverse self could say, the was a little bit curvier, with a bigger butt accentuated by the tight white pants and breasts that really filled the mesh top. Actually, I confess: I was obsessed. She looked incredible. I saw her the moment she walked into the party and I was just dying to find a way to talk to her. I was pretty passive around women, and actually up until that point I had a few crushes but never any romantic encounters and not even real kisses except for games like spin the bottle, so it was pretty out of character for me to just… want to be proactive like that.

I acted cool, though, not wanting to come across a creep, and mingled with the friends I knew there (I know, sophomore year was a big step up from freshman year - I had friends outside of video games!). Eventually, we ended up at the same spot. I was talking to Rana about who knows what when Jennifer came up, apologized for interrupting, and whispered to Rana, “Where’s the bathroom?”

I didn’t actually hear it, but Rana replied, perhaps a little too loudly due to the alcohol, “Down the hall and to the left, but there’s a line, I just checked.”

I knew that had to be about the bathroom. There were some somewhat desperate ladies in the house, at the 80% range, including Rana, but nothing obvious or totally urgent (and as far as I know, they all made it), but I glanced over Jennifer and saw she was a little bit higher than that at an 85%. Still could easily make it if she got in line, but she shrugged and said, “I can hold it.”

At that point, Rana introduced us two and I smiled and shook Jennifer’s hand, learning her name. “So, Jennifer, how do you know Rana?”

“Oh, we had the same intro to sociology class and we used to do our homework together and complain about the professor. We also did a rec league volleyball team together. How about you?”

Rana slipped off to get in line for the bathroom and now alone with this woman I had been eyeing all night, I replied, “I met her through my old roommate Jalen.”

In reality, in my head, I thought about that night Rana peed herself in front of me, but I wasn’t about to mention that.

“Oh, cool, I’ve met Jalen, he’s nice.”

Okay, I had to make this interesting, otherwise we would be stuck making small talk then never talking again. “He is! Okay, let’s not get stuck making small talk like we’re real adults or something. If you could solve one real-world problem immediately, what would it be?”

Jennifer laughed. Good sign. “Wow, um… okay… I’ve never been asked that before.”

“I bet you have some good ideas.”

“Really? Thanks. I’m actually looking to study public policy.”

“See? I knew it. But what’s your answer?”

She thought about it. She then replied, “Everyone gets a place to live. It’s so hard to fix anything else in your life if you’re homeless!”

“That’s a good point. I like it. Sounds like you’re a good person, too, unlike half the people who make policies in government these days.

“Ha, yeah, that’s a big reason I want to do it. So, what about you? What’s your one single policy?”

My gambit worked and we had a good conversation that was a bit more meaningful than fluff about our majors and the weather. Eventually, though, I had to ask. “So, since we’re at a Halloween party, I gotta ask… are you dressed as Miranda Frost from Die Another Day?”

“Yes! Oh my god. No one can figure it out.”

“Yeah, because that movie sucked and no one remembers it.”

She laughed. “Oh, don’t make me laugh, I have to pee…”

I realized we actually were talking so much I had forgotten she had to. 95%... Yeah… that’s getting there. She continued, “It’s true no one liked it, but hey. Halloween costumes in college are just an excuse to show off your body anyway.”

Was she… maybe… flirting with me? Me? The sophomore nerd and total unintentional eunuch and secret pervert? While she really had to pee? I wanted to pinch myself. I had to think of a reply. Acknowledge the flirt, give it back, don’t be a creep. Argh, why is that balance so hard! “Well… Who are you showing off your body to?”

“Whoever will appreciate it.”

“I think I might know someone who will…”

“You’ll have to introduce me to him… but after I pee.”

She crossed her leg and did just the shortest pee dance to accentuate the point before walking over down the hall. I was a little disappointed she would get to pee, but maybe if I played my cards right something perhaps even more special (for me, at the time, at least) could happen.

Imagine my luck, then, when she came back not a minute later. “Well, that was quick.”

“There were four people in line… I don’t know if I can hold it for that long.”

“Well, my apartment is just a few blocks from here. If you’d like, you can use my bathroom.”

“Hmm… I gotta say, I didn’t expect to be invited over to a guy’s place for the bathroom, but I’ll take it.”

I could not believe how quickly things were rolling. I checked the clock as we headed out and realized we had talked for almost an hour - maybe there was more of a click than I had even thought at first. That would explain how she got so desperate. I must have been a better conversationalist than I thought for her to stick around and talk.

We walked and talked, laughing at each others’ jokes and didn’t mention her desperation again until a block away from my place, a one bedroom I lived in by myself, when she suddenly crossed her legs and bent over, hands on her hips. “Oooh… I really have to go.”

“We’re just a block away! Just hang on.”

She uncrossed her legs, but now she was walking with one hand on her crotch. “I’m sorry, this is probably really not sexy…”

Seeing her in that little top and her tight white pants and her hand in her crotch at 98% of her bladder capacity… it was one of the sexiest things I had ever seen. “Trust me. You look good regardless of the situation.”

She seemed encouraged by that and we made it to the front door of my apartment complex without any complications. As I stood there, fumbling with the keys, though, she resorted to hopping around on her feet and doing a classic, almost toddler-esque potty dance. I had to get this door open or else I would have a hard time explaining why I was so… “excited.”

I finally did and she rushed in. She turned around and gave me a slightly panicked look. “Where’s your apartment?”

“Is this… a bad time to tell you I live on the tenth floor? Stairs or elevator?”

She lightly punched me in the arm with the hand that wasn’t in her crotch. “Elevator. I would not walk ten flights of stairs even if I wasn’t about to piss myself!”

I punched the elevator button. She danced around nervously. I was hit with inspiration. I stepped closer to her. “Hey… I have an idea to help distract you.”

“Yeah?”

“Yeah. Mind if I grab this?”

I took her hand out of her crotch and held it.

“So far I don’t know if this is going to be helpful… but go on…”

I leaned in. It was clear what I was interested in doing. “May I?”

She leaned into me in response and we kissed. We made out. It was really my first time genuinely kissing like that. I had no idea if I was any good at it. We separated for a moment. She grinned and said, “Is this your first time?”

I died on the inside. “Was it that obvious?”

“No, it was good, it WAS distracting… You’re just enthusiastic. Play it cool, I know you can, you’ve been playing it cool all party. But don’t think I didn’t notice you checking me out from the beginning.”

“Damn, you caught me.”

We kissed again, with more restraint on my end. I think it went a little better because we kept kissing until the elevator arrived and kept kissing as it went up. I subtly checked her bladder capacity… 99%... I could tell her legs were tightly crossed as we made out, arms around each other. It was driving me crazy to feel her subtly fidget and bounce as we kissed. Good thing our making out was a good cover for what was surely physical proof I was… excited. 100%. There was a ding as we hit the tenth floor. The doors opened and we separated. I stepped out but turned around to see her standing still, legs crossed, bent over. Her hands were back in her crotch. That’s when I saw the numbers start to go down. 99%. 98%.

She stood up and yanked her hands out of her crotch, both slightly wet and glistening, and immediately started to undo her pants button. A wet spot appeared, first the size of a coin, then a hand. It grew a couple inches up, a few inches to the side on each leg, and a few inches down her thighs before she could undo her pants. She yanked them down and squatted in the elevator right in front of me (as I held the door open so it wouldn’t close on her and on this view!) and I saw she wasn’t wearing any underwear.

She was peeing as she squatted, full-force, as I stared. I saw her trimmed brown hair, a shade darker than her blonde hair on her head, and I could see every detail as she kept on peeing. The number kept going down… 70%... 60%... At around 55%, though, she forced her stream to stop, a puddle a couple feet wide already at her feet. She looked up at me, red in embarrassment, but she raised an eyebrow at my nether regions. She pulled up her pants, wincing as the wet fabric re-met her skin, then stepped out of the elevator. “Umm… I’m so sorry. This is so embarrassing.”

I put my arm around her. “I don’t care one bit. Now let’s get you inside before they find out who vandalized the elevator.”

I followed up my comment with a grin to let her know I was joking. She let out a laugh, to my relief, and followed me into my apartment. As I closed the door behind us, she said, “I hope I didn’t totally ruin the mood.”

I wish she knew the absurdity of that. “Trust me… Not even a little.”

I emphasized my point by kissing her again. We stood there, making out, before I felt her hand get lower and lower... She said, “I can see you’re not lying. Good.”

I took that as permission to get a little… handsier. As my hands descended, I could feel the tip of her wet spot on behind and almost shuddered in anticipation. She interrupted me, though. “Before we keep going, I should finish peeing. Where is your bathroom?”

I nodded and led her down the hall. She undid her pants and sat on the toilet without closing the door. She said, “You can come in if you’d like, you’ve already seen everything.”

I wondered if she knew now what I was into… I gladly stepped in and she pulled me closer, clearly observing my… well, you know. She began peeing. 55%... 50%... 45%... As she peed, she undid my pants and slid them and my boxers down. Hearing her pee, seeing her with her pants down, having my pants down… I was light-headed. She put it in her mouth. I came so quickly, probably even before she finished peeing. In my defense, it was my first time.

She was nice, though, and we spent the night with her teaching me various ways to pleasure a woman… I think she had a good time by the end of it. The next morning, I made her breakfast and offered her sweatpants. She smiled at me and pulled up her white pants instead. There was a faint yellow stain on both the front and back that I could clearly see, but she said, “I think it’s more obvious if I walk around with non-matching sweatpants.”

Fair enough. We hooked up a few more times that year, but she eventually ended up with a boyfriend. We stayed friends through college. As for peeing, I never saw her wet herself again, but once we went out and on the way back she pulled up her red dress and pulled aside a red thong and peed behind a bike rack, clearly visible to me. She always peed in my bathroom with the door open, too. I still don’t know to this day if she knew the effect seeing her pee would have on me, but I those moments are saved in my memory forever. Oh, and once she told me about coming home to her boyfriend drunk as hell and wetting the bed. Lucky guy. Though he probably didn’t enjoy it as much as I would have.

*043*2019-05-25 17:09

Here's another two stories! The first has messing and is short, so I'll bold where you're free to skip to if you're not into that.

I unfortunately didn’t witness anything like my high school senior year during exam weeks in college, but there was one incident. The end of sophomore year, I had to miss a final (I genuinely had to travel due to a death in the family, but I felt weird telling that to the instructor knowing she probably didn’t believe me) and I was scheduled to make it up the last day of finals week in the office of our TA. Selene was also there to make up the final. She was on our track & field team and in my discussion group. They had their last meet on the day of the final, so she was making it up as well. When I got there, she was telling the TA that they had their end of the year celebration last night. She did seem a little hung over, dressed in a plain tee and green athletic shorts. She looked a lot like (and had the build of) track star Michelle Jenneke

, but her athletic shorts were the loose, baggier, comfy kind, not the kind you wear when actually running.

We got started with the exam, with me checking Selene’s capacity out of habit now. 60% bladder, 70% bowels. Seemed high right before a final with six essays, but not so high I was anticipating a “moment,” if you will. She must have been hung over and just wanted to get this final over with. In the silence, punctuated by furious writing, I could hear her stomach grumbling. I’ve firsthand experienced the kind of uncomfortable stomach that comes after a long night of drinking and didn’t envy her attempting to try to concentrate on her exam.

I was sitting at the desk next to her, so I could side-eye and see as her legs crossed at 65% and 75%. She started tapping her foot and bouncing her legs at 70% and 80%. She leaned forward, probably in mild pain, when her bowels hit 85%. I was so distracted I was probably only halfway done with my essays. The whole time, she was just continuously writing and writing. The TA was just sitting at her own desk on the other side of the room on her laptop, oblivious - which gave me more time to observe this desperate, attractive, athletic lady. I saw her face wince and she leaned so far over her nose was practically on her paper. At that point I saw the bowels hit 90%. She eventually straightened up when the wave of desperation subsided, though, and resumed writing. I realized I was not on track to finish my own essay at this rate and forced myself to ignore her and get to finishing my own writing.

Focusing on the final, I breezed through the next three essays. I looked up, debating turning it in and leaving so I could be done with the semester, but I glanced over and saw Selene at 95% of her bladder capacity and 99% of her bowel capacity. One hand was dug in her crotch and as I looked, I realized I could smell a faint fart. She was lucky it was silent - the TA didn’t notice anything. In fact, as I kept staring (probably very obviously if anyone was looking), I saw her subtly lift her butt up and in the quiet room, I could even hear another “silent” fart - like the wind blowing.

A couple seconds after that, though, I heard another quiet fart, but this one ended in a quiet squelch. I saw her bowel capacity had reduced a percentage. She must have sharted! Her ears started to burn red as she stood up and gave her final to the TA, who didn’t suspect a thing - though her percentage lowered by another point as she handed her final. Her bladder reduced sympathetically, from 95% to 93%. She muttered goodbye to the TA and myself and quickly walked out. I couldn’t see any sign of her small accident yet, though I could smell a faint poop smell. I couldn’t miss this - I gave the TA my exam.

I quickly followed after Selene, pretending like I was just happening to use the exit by the girls’ bathroom. Selene heard my footsteps and straightened up and removed her hand from her crotch, pretending nothing was wrong.

This was her demise. I saw as she slowly walked down the hall, with me quickly catching up, her bowels immediately began to drop from 98% all the way down to 0% over the course of about 30 seconds, the time it took for me to catch up to her. I could see her shorts, though loose, start showing a bulge at around 50% and it becoming quite obvious as it reached 0%, the bulge implying something the size of an orange trapped within. In the quiet and empty hallway, I could hear the crackling and the occasional quiet fart (though not as bad as you might imagine given her recent drinking) and saw her bladder was also decreasing in spurts - 95% to 90%, 90% to 80%, all the way down to 50% by the time I was beside her.

There were trails of her pee along her toned legs and a couple of yellow splotches on the white floor behind her. I, of course, was in heaven, and it was very visible I was enjoying the show. I couldn’t let Selene know I was a perv! I dipped left while she went right and immediately entered the men’s bathroom. I was so horny I really thought about jerking off right there in public, but I entered a stall and sat down to calm down and eventually pee.

Fortunately for me, though, I heard the door bang open and footsteps as someone entered the stall next to me (there were only two stalls). I looked down and saw familiar running shoes, shaved legs, and trails of wetness. It was a girl! It was Selene! Why was she here? She must not have known I was in the bathroom and perhaps the girls’ bathroom was closed for repairs or cleaning. She must have seen my feet in the stall next door but probably didn’t recognize my shoes and also didn’t care - she probably didn’t want to walk all the way home with a load in her shorts. I heard her slowly lower her shorts and heard a loud splash as she must have dumped the load into the toilet. The bathroom began to smell like her poop as she lowered her shorts the rest of the way and sat down to pee.

I could see the inside of her shorts, wrapped around her ankles. You know how some looser women’s shorts have, like, compression shorts or a pseudo-underwear inside? Often of a mesh pattern. Kind of like men’s swimming trunks. Anyway, if you can picture that, it was like that, so she wasn’t wearing underwear. The lining was white and there was a clear brown stain the size of an orange and a yellowish tinge further up. The sight of that and the sound of her peeing was too much and I sat there on the toilet, willing myself to be silent as I came. I believe she was none the wiser as she pulled up her shorts, not bothering to wipe or clean up (I guess what’s the point at this rate) and walked out. I waited for a certain… issue to subside before doing the same, though she was long gone by the time I left.

Wetting only here on out, next part.

My junior year, I was lucky to witness three events. The first was at a protest I was covering as a reporter for the student newspaper, a break from student government I was happy to take. The protest was about sexual assault, as this was around the time the #MeToo movement was gaining visibility, and campus had a few blatant cases of sexual assault being ignored by administration. But you’re not here to hear about depressing college politics.

The protest marched all throughout campus for a couple hours, stopping to disrupt places like libraries and administrative offices. I didn’t expect to see any desperation and the thought was furthest from my mind as I took my job seriously and wanted to cover the protest well, walking along and jotting notes and pulling people aside to interview. However, ¾ of the way through, a friend named Melissa came up to me. I knew her through journalism because she was a photographer for the student newspaper, but today someone else was doing that and she was participating as a protestor. Melissa was a skinny blonde who you’d easily expect to be at a protest, with hip high-waisted shorts and dreads, like this Instagram model

. I personally thought it was a bit weird to have dreads as a white person, but you’re also not here to hear my opinions on these things. Melissa was a nice person, we got along in the office, and she was an excellent photographer.

Melissa stepped out of the stream of a couple of hundred marchers and came up to me as I stood to the side on the sidewalk away from the road, notepad in hand. She looked a little panicked. She stood close so she could talk quietly. “Hey, where is the nearest bathroom? I gotta pee…”

As if to emphasize her point, she squirmed then, lifting her left leg and wrapping it around her right, holding her crotch with her right hand for a couple seconds. I couldn’t believe she was so blatant about her “potty dance” in front of me, but she was always a pretty forward person. I looked at her bladder capacity… she was already at 95%. Yeah, that’s potty dance in front of your friend levels, for sure. I realized she asked me a question and I should stop staring at her like a creep. “Oh… uhh… there’s a coffeeshop a couple blocks away, the march should go right by it. I’ll point it out when we get there.”

She looked relieved. “Thank god. I didn’t know we would be marching this long, I didn’t use the bathroom before coming here.”

I didn’t have an answer to that so we walked at the back of the pack in silence, Melissa occasionally stopping to cross her legs and bounce in place for a couple seconds. A block away from the coffeeshop, I saw she was at 98% and had taken to permanently having her hand in her crotch, no longer caring if people saw her. I said, encouragingly, “It’s just a block away, hang on!”

All she could muster was a muffled “Mhmm” in response. Her steps were getting smaller and smaller until we were at the front door. She stood there, hand in crotch, hunched over, veryy clearly needing to pee to anyone looking and very clearly waiting for me to open them. The protestors were just marching by without caring, and were fortunately grabbing most of the attention, but I saw a couple people sitting on the outside patio giving her a strange look. She was at 99%. I swung the door open, willing myself not to be… too visibly excited at watching this very desperate lady, and she shuffled in.

Bathrooms were for paying customers only so I told her I would buy one while she went before a barista would yell at us. The bathrooms were behind me so I couldn’t watch while she walked over, but apparently there was a wait because by the time I bought a coffee and walked over, she was still in front of two doors, each locked. Must have been single occupancy bathroom. I saw her number was down to 95% and couldn’t help but look down. I didn’t see a visible wet spot from behind as I walked towards her, but I as I got closer I could see just one wet trail along her upper left leg as she crossed her right leg over in front. In fact, as I got to her, I saw it go down to 93% and the trail grew in size. I tapped her shoulder. “How long have you been waiting?”

“Ugh, there was someone in front of me before and she just went in so who knows. I don’t know what the other person is doing but they’ve been in there the whole time.”

We were at the back of the coffeeshop and I saw her eyeing the door to the back alley. Was she… thinking about peeing in the alley? I was honestly so turned on at the thought. Her percentage suddenly dropped to 90%. Standing beside her, I could see her front and could now see a wet circle at her crotch. She muttered, “Fuck it.”

She started running to the door as I saw the number begin to drop steadily. With each step, it was 89%, 88%, 87%. Trying to be helpful and also wanting to see the action as the pervert I was, I ran ahead to open the door for her. She rushed out, now more than one trail running down her leg as the wet spot kept darkening and growing. From behind, I could see it climb up her rear and appear along the legs of the shorts. I followed her out into the alley, which fortunately for her, was empty and closed the door so people inside the coffeeshop couldn’t see. She swooped her shorts down and squatted, revealing a surprisingly effeminate flower-patterned panties. I was surprised her panties didn’t go down with her shorts, and maybe she was too, because I clearly saw the already darkened crotch glisten with renewed wetness as a trickle dripped down her bottom and onto the ground. It stopped before a full on spurt came out, pushing through the cotton and forward a little towards her feet.

She finally got control and pulled aside her very wet gusset, revealing her vulva as piss shot out. She peed freely now, audibly sighing in relief and not caring as some of it dripped down her vulva back into her panties. The puddle below her grew and grew, bubbling a little and frothing where the pee landed. I could easily hear the hissing of the piss coming out of her over the sound of it hitting the asphalt ground. The puddle was a couple feet long by the time her percentage hit zero and I watched as the last drops trickled down and was absorbed by her underwear. She let go and the gusset slipped over, covering herself.

She gingerly stood up, wincing at how wet it probably felt down there. The wetness was less than a third up the front of her flower-patterned underwear, though I suspect it was much higher up in the back given her squatting. She pulled up her shorts, which showed a relatively small circle on her crotch the size of a fist before finally making eye contact with me. That was, of course, when she raised her eyebrow at my obvious arousement. She walked up to me. “I would say thank you for helping me out, but it seems I already paid you back.”

I was deeply embarrassed. I didn’t know how to answer. “Uh… Sorry…”

She smirked. “It’s fine. Actually, it makes me feel a little bit better about myself. Now, you need to calm down so you can go back to reporting on the rest of the protest while I go home and change.”

I nodded and she turned and walked away. I could see a similar fist-sized wet spot from behind as she walked down the alley and turned and disappeared before I went to trying to distract myself so I could go catch up to the protest and report on the rest of it. I hoped I hadn’t missed anything important…

Melissa and I continued to work for the student newspaper for the next two years (she was a year ahead of me and graduated after that) and stayed friends through that, but we never did bring up that incident and I never saw her that desperate again. Ah, well, that’s probably the best possible outcome in real life - mutual ignoring of an embarrassing moment for everybody.

*045*2019-05-29 06:26

Like last time, the first story has messing so please skip if you're not into that.

In the fall of my junior year, the staff of the student newspaper got to go to a conference about student journalism. It went from Friday morning through Sunday morning to avoid missing too much school. It was a state over, but not too far, so we carpooled/road tripped there. One of our sports reporters, Matt, had a car in college so he drove. In our car was Melissa, who you heard of previously, myself, and Leila, an opinion editor. I didn’t work with the opinion side, so I didn’t know Leila well, but she was not what I expected after spending all weekend with her. She was in a sorority and intimidatingly beautiful, standing out from the others due to being half-Persian, and she always came across like she was too good for her surroundings. She looked, in fact, a lot like this Iranian model

. She was always fashionable, as well. But, when I actually began talking to her, she was actually quite down to earth and quite an open book, as well. This unexpected bluntness was quite endearing, I think because you just didn’t expect it from such a lady. But, all the way there, she and I were in the back seat so I got to know just how little she lived up to the “prim and proper” mannerisms and fashion she had. We talked about drugs, boys and drunken hook-ups, the gross secrets of her sorority sisters, her cheating once on a final, and (to my interest) her propensity to have to poop if she ate figs.

The drive over and the conference was, from you readers’ perspective, probably uninteresting. However, it was very, very busy as people tried to jampack the whole conference into two and a half days. And, with all college conferences, the nights were full of alcohol, parties, and hook-ups. I definitely got lucky myself. But, no desperation sighted. So, after a blur of a weekend, it was Sunday afternoon and Melissa, Matt, and I were groggily packing ourselves into Matt’s car, hungover to all hell. Leila, on the other hand, despite drinking just as heavily, was dressed to the nines as she had been all weekend. She was wearing a white romper like the model was in that post earlier. Similarly, she was also wearing sunglasses, perhaps the only sign she was also hungover.

The first hour of the drive was in silence due to our throbbing headaches. As we chugged water and slowly recovered, I finally spoke up. “Alright, Leila, how the hell are you so well put together?”

Melissa chimed in. “Yeah, you’re dressed like you’re going to a dinner party and I’m in sweatpants.”

Leila chuckled. “Trust me, I’m dying on the inside too. I’m just chugging water and if I take off these sunglasses the sunlight might make me puke.”

I laughed but replied, “Okay, but do you need to out-dress all of us so badly?”

Leila was apologetic. “I’m not trying to show you up! I just have a date when we get back.”

We all replied with, “Oooooooooh.”

Matt spoke up from the driver’s seat, “Tell us the deets!”

“Um… he’s a senior, he’s in a frat… but he’s not like a bro-y douche, he’s an engineering major. He wants to research cleaning up oil spills. My friend introduced us.”

We gossiped a bit more about the boy and her love life before Melissa spoke up, “Do we have any food? I’m famished.”

We had slept late Sunday morning and skipped lunch to finish packing, so we hadn’t had food yet. I rummaged around the back seats. “Umm… We have a can of peanuts here and some dried fruit.”

I passed it to Melissa, who shared it with Matt, before she passed them back to Leila. Leila hungrily dove into the peanuts before moving on to the dried fruit. I noted the type. “Uh… Leila… You know those are figs, right?”

Leila laughed. “I don’t even care. Besides, figs are from the Middle East just like me, we have to get along, right?”

“...that doesn’t even make sense.”

Hangovers reduced, water drunk, and food eaten, we were all more talkative and the miles passed by. I discreetly checked Leila’s bladder and bowel capacity. Sure enough, the eating and drinking to compensate for the late and hungover morning was catching up to her. Her bladder was at 70% and her bowels had surged ahead of it to 75%. That piqued my interest, as we had probably two and a half more hours to go, but there were gas stations and rest stops along the way so I assumed it wouldn’t get out of hand and I wasn’t going to get a show. I was wrong on that…

The first reason why is because despite the conversation livening up, Leila eventually fell asleep. Unsurprising, as she had hinted to us she spent both nights with different guys (raising even more questions for me as to how she manages to look so put together). We drove an hour without her waking up. The longer we went, the more I checked on her capacity as I realized it was climbing quickly and steadily. After an hour, her bladder was at 80% and her bowels were at a shocking 90%. She was not lying about the impact of figs.

The reason she woke up was rather funny. When she hit 90%, asleep and head against the window, I heard a quiet “woosh” noise, which I realized was a fart. It must have been from Leila while she was asleep. I assume I was the only one who heard that one, being much closer in the backseat, but it was immediately followed by a louder, ruder sounding one, more like a “brrap.” The whole car realized it came from Leila and we all looked at each other in surprise. We then smelled the farts and maybe it was such a bad smell coming from such a put-together looking woman like Leila, but we all started laughing hysterically, which woke Leila up. “Uh… what’s so funny?”

Melissa replied, “Yo, you just farted so loud in your sleep.”

Leila started laughing along. “Ugh, not even the first time I’ve done that in front of others. Apparently I farted in my sleep in front of my ex all the time.”

I joked, “Those figs getting to you?”

Leila grimaced. “Uh… yeah, actually. Can we stop soon? Otherwise this fart is just a taste of what’s to come.”

Matt laughed. “Gross, Leila. But, some bad news, we just passed the last exit for 35 miles, so it’ll be half an hour.”

Leila groaned. “Ugh. I can hold it. Stupid rural America.”

Melissa winked at her. “Not a good thing for an Iranian to be caught saying, don’t you think?”

We all started laughing again and I think Leila put her desperation to the back of her head as we continued talking.

I could observe her subtle body language, though. A few minutes later, she had her legs tightly crossed. Unsurprising, her bladder was at 85% full. Her arms were then locked stiffly, pressing into the car seat on both sides. Her whole body was tense, which was probably from her trying to hold her bowels in, climbing from 90% to 95% in a relatively short time. As it climbed, she stayed stiff with her arms straight down, but she started leaning further and further forward and her arms moved forward until it was gripping the edge of the car seat. Her stomach probably hurt, the combination of figs and last night’s alcohol doing her no favors.

We finally saw the exit coming up and she moved her hands to clutch her stomach. “Please hurry…”

Matt took the exit as quickly as he could, but when we took the off-ramp, we realized the exit was just to a country road with nothing on it. It said there was a gas station, but as we went further down, we saw it was abandoned.

Leila groaned loudly. “Why is this happening!”

Matt reassured, “There’s a rest stop coming up. It’s just in a few miles!”

He gunned it back to the highway. I could see Leila was at 98% of her bowel capacity. She caught me staring at her, though. I blushed, hoping she didn’t think I was objectifying her (which I was…). She didn’t, apologizing, “You’re right, I shouldn’t have eaten those figs…”

I forced a chuckle. “It’ll be fine, Leila, we’ll get to the rest stop and then afterwards we can laugh about this.”

“I don’t know if I can la-”

Leila stopped mid-sentence as a wet-sounding fart escaped from her. We were no longer laughing, knowing that she was on the verge of stinking up the whole car for the rest of the ride. Melissa subtly rolled down her window just a little. Leila did the same and then said, “I’m sorry!”

I was confused as to what she was apologizing for, but then I saw her lift her butt off the seat and let out the loudest fart yet, probably three seconds long. It was so ridiculous we couldn’t help but laugh, including Leila. Melissa said, “Holy shit, I don’t think I’ve farted like that ever.”

The rest stop appeared then, and Leila clapped her hands against the front seat. “Faster faster!”

I saw her bowels go to 99%... then 100% as we got to the off-ramp. Her bladder was at a desperate 93%, too. Leila turned to me, dead serious. “I’m straight up prairie-dogging it.”

Melissa shouted, “Gross!”

I patted her back sympathetically and told her she would make it, but I was in heaven internally. Leila practically opened the door before Matt finished parking. I said I had to go pee, too, and got out and followed Leila in. She made no illusions about her desperation, hunched over with her arms over her stomach. Matt and Melissa stayed in the car while I watched as Leila’s butt faced me.

I kept an eye on her 100% full bowels. As she grabbed the rest stop door, I saw the first sign of disaster as the number crept down to 99%... 98%... then as she swung the door open, it plummeted to 70%. The white romper had a lacy layer on top and like many rompers of such a design, there was a solid and more form fitting white layer inside. While the lacy layer was loose enough to not show anything, I could see through it to the tighter inside layer and saw a telltale bulge. Additionally, while she wasn’t totally full bladder-wise, I could see a trickle go down her left leg as she must have let out a spurt or two as she pooped.

I saw her let out another spurt as a trickle went down her right leg as she was confronted by the situation inside. Girls’ bathroom: closed for cleaning.

She hurried over to the unisex single occupancy bathroom and pulled. Locked. Someone was inside. As she pulled, I saw her bowels drop again to 50%. I heard farts and crackling echo the empty main room and saw the bulge grew big enough to push the lacy layer back. I was surprised there wasn’t an obvious brown discoloration, but whatever underwear she was wearing was containing her accident. The leg openings of the romper were loose enough that as she also pissed in spurts, it just trickled down her legs rather than discolor her romper significantly.

I couldn’t just stand there and stare at Leila poop herself, since she would wonder what the hell I was doing, so I walked past her like I hadn’t just heard her obvious accident (and could now smell her accident, too!) to enter the men’s room. To be honest, at that point, I just really wanted to jerk off in a stall at what I had just witnessed and what I presume to be a total accident while she waited. I’m not proud to admit I did just that before using the bathroom myself. By the time I had calmed down and washed my hands thoroughly and exited, she was nowhere to be seen.

I wondered if she had finished cleaning up… I pulled on the door for the single occupancy bathroom. It was unlocked! She must have headed back to the car. I looked around furtively, seeing I was alone, stepped in and locked the door. The smell of a fresh shit was very obvious. On instinct, I looked at the trash and saw a layer of loose toilet paper. I had a suspicion… I swept the top layer of toilet paper aside and lo and behold was greeted by a pair of white panties, almost certainly Leila’s. I picked it up and saw the gusset was soaked and the back was totally stained brown throughout. The sight is burned into my memory. I wished I could take it with me, but there’s no way I could hide a smelly pair of underwear in my pocket for a whole car trip.

I returned to the car and got in. Beside me, Leila sat in her romper, meek and red faced, but no evidence of an accident. I saw she was at 0% now. Matt said, none the wiser, “Alright, everyone ready?”

Leila and I nodded and Matt set off. I snuck a look to Leila’s romper and could see a hint of a wet spot in her crotch, but nothing obvious. Leila was understandably quiet for the rest of the trip. When we got home, she got out and I could see a hint of dried yellow in the inner layer and the faintest small brown stain, maybe the size of a clementine. No one would notice unless you really, really looked… but I noticed because I knew what had happened. To this day I have no idea if she knew that I knew, since we never talked about it. I also have no idea how her date went or if she got to change beforehand. I love the idea that she went straight to her date, though, being viewed by her date and others as this fashionable, sexy woman who was perfectly dressed and made no mistakes while her romper had just the slightest hint she had had an accident.

No more messing content. There is sexual content as a heads up!

Even though I had, by my junior year, hooked up with various people, I didn’t have a long-term girlfriend until that year. Her name was Cory, one of those unisex names rising in popularity these days. We met on a dating app towards the beginning of the semester dated all through junior year, but she was a year older and graduated before me so we split amicably at the end of that summer so she could go off to grad school somewhere else. She was an education major, and like many teachers, had a bladder of steel.

She was just a bit of a tomboy and very blunt, and part of that meant she liked to rip farts around me and then laugh maniacally as I gagged, but my secret power meant I knew when she did that it was almost never out of a moment of desperation, which always secretly disappointed me. In a year of dating her, I didn’t see any real cases of wetting or close calls to share with you - except one. That incident, actually, involved two people - Cory and her friend Ellie. I always found Cory’s friend Ellie a little too attractive… she looked like Blake Lively, but of course I would never tell Cory that. On this day Ellie was wearing a sundress like Blake’s here

, though her hair was blonde like Blake’s is now. Cory was a little curvier, and she actually rather looked like a lady some of y’all probably have seen before, which is Naomi

. Like her in that picture, Cory was dressed on this day in a simple small pair of jean shorts and a plain form-fitting long-sleeved shirt. Cory never was big on dressing up for things - she didn’t get into fashion the way a lot of her friends did. I always found it endearing how little she conformed to what people felt ladies should be like.

It was a very warm day in late spring, signalling the end was near for the school year, and everyone was dressing in warm weather clothes as a way of almost willing summer to arrive. Cory and Ellie had a lecture together (that was two hours long, apparently!) and had gone straight to a popular bar in the summer that had an outdoor patio. Cory texted me to join her and I had finished my classes for the day, so I did. When I arrived, Cory, usually pretty emotionally calm, bounded out of her seat to stand up and kiss me. I was happy to see she was so exuberant… maybe we would have a good time tonight. The girls had a pitcher of beer to share and we contentedly talked about nothing as we enjoyed the beer and warm weather.

After we had finished our pitcher, we were a little bit drunk and loose (I may have been grabbing Cory’s leg under the table flirtatiously…) and Ellie brought up, “Tonight’s actually the first outdoor concert at the park! We should go!”

Our college was by a park that the town would host outdoor concerts by local artists. It was really an excuse to legally drink outside in a park during the day. It seemed de-stressing from the end of the semester crunch was on the minds of both girls, because Cory agreed and said that we should pick up some alcohol from a liquor store to bring.

It was probably another hour by the time we had picked up alcohol (two bottles of wine and a six pack of beer because Cory prefers beer to wine) and found a spot in the park to settle into as the first musician got started (some… techno DJ? It was not good and very out of date, even by then). As Ellie sat down on the grass, my perverse self glimpsed up her sundress and saw light pink boyshorts. Halfway through the DJ’s setlist, Cory made a joking drinking game where we drank every time the DJ used the airhorn noise and, unsurprisingly, by the time he was done with his setlist, we were pretty drunk. A more talented and interesting rapper was up next, so we actually paid attention as Ellie and I sipped wine while Cory started on her third (!!) beer.

After the rapper was done, while we were waiting for the next artist, I joked at Cory, “Wow, you gotta slow down, you’re gonna finish that beer before we’re halfway through.”

Cory laughed. “I need it! These end of the year projects are killing me. My groups are all idiots!”

Ellie nodded. “Group projects always means you’re gonna carry all the weight and everyone else freeloads.”

Cory added, “Besides, you two are almost done with that first bottle. Don’t attack me before looking at yourselves!”

It was true, I was feeling quite tipsy and I suspect Ellie was the same. We had now gone probably three hours drinking non-stop (and Ellie and Cory came straight from class, so who knows when was the last time they had gone to the bathroom!), and despite Cory’s iron bladder, I suspected they would be desperate soon. A look with my “power” confirmed - Ellie was at around 70% full while Cory was at 75%.

There weren’t exactly bathrooms out in the park, so I wondered if I would finally see my girlfriend and her hot friend desperate. After some chatting and drinking, another artist came on. I didn’t pay much attention, though, as I furtively checked Ellie and Cory’s bladders as the show went on. They were into the musician and didn’t show any signs of desperation, but I saw as their bladder got more and more full. It was fascinating to have two girls to compare. It seemed Ellie, despite starting at a lower number, was getting desperate faster than Cory, and by the time Cory hit 80%, Ellie had caught up and was at 80% as well. It wasn’t just my imagination that Cory had a stronger bladder than average.

I could tell Cory was feeling the effects, even if she showed no outward sign of desperation, because she had significantly slowed her drinking. By the time the third artist was finished, Cory was at 85% and Ellie had surged past to 90%. I was feeling rather… frisky knowing, secretly, that they both had to pee, and I put my arm around Cory and kissed her on the cheek. She was probably feeling that, too, in part because of how much she drank, and kissed me back on the lips deeply.

Ellie groaned. “Ugh, stop showing off, you know I’m single.”

Cory laughed. “You could pull in boys like that, you know?”

“Yeah, but most boys are trash. Besides, I gotta pee.”

Damn, I thought. This is where common sense comes in and they go find a bathroom together. Hell, even I had to pee a bit, I had been drinking right alongside them, though not as much as Cory (heaven knows I would never win a holding contest against her if we tried). However, as luck would have it, Cory knew the next artist. “After her setlist we’ll find a bathroom, okay?”

Ellie groaned again. “Fine. She better be good!”

She was actually very good. She was a singer and rapper and dancer, and it was pretty impressive to me to do all that as a single artist on stage. I didn’t pay that much attention, though, because Ellie was showing clear signs of desperation now. First it was the legs fidgeting, then the constant changing of seating (first she sat with her two legs on her right, then on her left, then she sat directly on her legs). She was stuck switching between two or three positions, though, since she was wearing a dress and couldn’t risk flashing everyone. Soon, though, she was blatantly putting her hand in her crotch.

I had my arm around Cory and she was doing a better job hiding it, but I could tell she was a little tense and even felt her flex her lower muscles a couple times. She sat cross-legged for a while, but the open legs clearly wasn’t helpful so she switched to laying her legs straight ahead and crossing one over the other.

When the artist Cory knew was finished, Ellie jumped to her feet, giving me another glimpse of her pink panties. No sign of wetness… yet. She was at 95% of her bladder capacity. That would be considered an emergency; given how desperate she was, she was honestly more subdued than I expected. Cory stood up, too, knowing what Ellie wanted, though not as urgently. As she got up, her shirt rode up and I could see a white thong peeking above the hemline of her somewhat low cut shorts. Since I had never seen her truly desperate before despite dating for more than half a year at that point, I loved the idea of her having to pee so badly.

We wandered around the park for a few minutes and realized there were no bathrooms around. Ellie finally snapped and showed how desperate she was, crossing her legs and doubling over. Cory, ever the leader, decided to lead us back towards the bars we came from. It was late enough that other businesses, like coffeeshops and restaurants, were closed already. Ellie now was desperate enough to be stopping occasionally and crossing her legs, which led to Cory turning around and impatiently tapping her feet, waiting for her and showing just a hint of her own desperation.

As Ellie’s desperation stops got more frequent, I put my arms around Cory again and rubbed her back to calm her down. It worked, and as Ellie started stopping every few feet, I began to use these breaks to kiss Cory. That definitely worked to distract Cory from her own desperation and Ellie’s slow progress. As we passed an alley, Ellie stopped yet again and this time blatantly shoved her hands in her crotch and doubled over. I saw she was at 99%. The sight was too much for Cory, who finally showed real signs of her desperation at a wild 95%. She crossed her legs on the spot. I was very excited watching this and pulled Cory in for a kiss yet again, which she still responded hungrily to. My hand, on her back, descended down and gave her butt a squeeze and I could tell she was exercising her pelvic muscles, holding in her own bladder. She playfully pushed me aside, but then kissed me again.

Behind us, we heard Ellie say, “Fuck it.”

We broke off to look and saw her diving into the alley. We followed suit and I saw her hit 100% of her bladder capacity then it immediately start to decline. 99%... 98%... 95%... 90%... Now in the alley, she started to lift up her dress. I could see trickles rolling down her legs and a full stream creating a puddle between her legs. She fully lifted her dress above her waist and I saw her pink boyshorts with a growing dark spot in the front, glistening as a stream practically fell out of her. Seeing as she was already wetting herself, she resigned to just standing there and finished peeing right through her panties. Cory and I just stared in surprise.

I was so horny watching this absurdly attractive woman hold up her dress and pee on the spot and I realized that we were in public and anyone would be able to tell how I was feeling… Ellie looked at us and raised an eyebrow at me, but I think she assumed it was because I was just making out with Cory, fortunately for me. Watching Ellie pee was clearly tough for Cory, because she put her hand in her crotch and crossed her legs while bouncing subtly. I had never seen her do that. Wanting her to be comfortable more than wanting to see her wet herself, I said, “You can pop a squat if you want. I’ll cover you.”

She shook her head. “I can wait till we get home.”

Ellie at this point had finished peeing, and she looked mournfully at her wet legs and wet panties. “I think I need to go home and change.”

Cory, not wanting to leave her friend alone, but also wanting to get there as quickly as possible, suggested getting an Uber ride. We agreed, but to save on cost, Cory ordered an Uber pool, which carpooled us with other people headed in the same direction. As the bars were beginning to get into full swing, we got a ride pretty quickly. As it pulled up, we could see there was someone in the front and someone in the pack of the sedan. The driver rolled down his window and said, “Hey, Uber pools are for two people only! All three of you won’t fit.”

Cory brushed him off. “Don’t worry, I’ll just sit on my boyfriend’s lap.”

The driver, wanting the money, shrugged his shoulders and let us enter. The very idea of my desperate girlfriend sitting on my lap was getting me excited, but I tried to stay calm as Ellie sat in the middle, her accident hidden from the other passengers, while I sat down and Cory sat directly on my lap. Cory was at 99%...

Cory tried to sit still, given that two of the passengers and the driver were total strangers, but I could feel her flex her muscles as she held everything in. Eventually, it got too much and she crossed her legs and began to squirm right on my crotch. She would lean left then right, shaking her right leg while it was over her left leg. Truly, it was her desperation that caused me to have an erection, but at least I could blame it on her squirming right on me. She definitely felt it, and I could tell she began to rub her butt on it intentionally. I loved the fact that she was clearly horny too despite having to pee so badly.

I had my arms around her loosely, but as I got turned on again, I subtly moved my left arm, which was away from the other passengers, into her crotch between her crossed legs and covered it up with my right hand. I pressed against her, on the premise of helping her hold it in, and she rewarded me by pushing her butt particularly firmly against me. Eventually, this escalated to me moving my fingers in a circle, trying to tease her through the denim. I heard her softly gasp, but she grinded her butt against me, silently asking me to keep going.

I looked around, and the other two passengers were oblivious, but it seemed Ellie was looking on in interest. Rather than seeming disgusted, she seemed to look on longingly, like she wanted in on the action. I loved the idea that she actually found us attractive, since I thought she was a bit out of my league, so I kept going despite knowing we were discovered.

A few minutes later, the other two passengers got dropped off. Cory didn’t even really seem to notice, staring ahead without focus as her cheeks and her ears got redder as she got hornier. With the other two passengers leaving, Ellie moved over and I could see a damp spot on the middle. Her underwear must have gotten her dress, and eventually the seat, wet. Cory didn’t bother to get off me, though, as the driver made the last leg to Ellie’s apartment, and I got more brazen. I switched hands, then moved my left hand up her shirt and slipped beneath her bra and began to play with her nipple, which I knew was very sensitive for her. She gasped, louder this time, but the driver was oblivious. Ellie stared hungrily on, clearly enjoying the show.

Cory had hit 100% of her capacity at this point, and the situation was such a turn on I was afraid I would cum in my pants as she grinded her butt against me. Eventually, the inevitable happened. I felt a sudden warm wetness against my fingers as I saw her drop to 99%. She pushed particularly hard against me and used her hands to press my fingers harder into her, and this combination was too much for me. I knew she could feel me pulsate as I came right into my jeans, too horny to care about the embarrassment.

Cory, both feeling that and my fingers, came as well, and she moaned softly as she tried to hide what was happening from the driver (Ellie knew full well what was happening). Cumming was too much for her, and she started to spurt against my fingers. I felt each one second spurt align with her orgasmic contractions, wetting her denim before rolling down to her butt and onto my own jeans. At 80%, she held it in, which was good so we didn’t mess up the Uber, but I could feel my front being completely wet from both her and myself.

After we came down from that high, we arrived at Ellie’s apartment and breathlessly thanked the driver before stepping out. I looked down and saw Cory’s butt darkened and completely wet, along with the front of my jeans. It honestly looked like both of us peed ourselves (I did rather have to go, but nothing like the girls). Standing on the sidewalk, Cory announced, “Fuck holding it in any longer.”

She started to pee, spreading her legs so it would go straight down and not into her shoes. Since she was no longer sitting, the wet spot grew on her front as a stream fell straight down. I could hear the hiss as she forced it all out. If I hadn’t just came, I would have been totally hard, but fortunately I could hide my fetish this time. Cory eventually finished peeing, her butt totally soaked and her front having a spot the size of a dinner plate that went down to the edges of her shorts. A puddle was beneath her several feet wide. She must have had a huge bladder. Ellie commented, “Damn girl, how much pee can you hold?”

Cory laughed. “I haven’t peed since I woke up this morning!”

Holy shit, I thought. Eventually, Ellie unlocked the front door to her apartment and we all went in. We followed Ellie up the stairs (giving me a good shot of her still wet pink boyshorts and the back of her dress, which indeed looked damp) and into her apartment, which was an efficiency she lived in by herself. Ellie announced, “I gotta change.”

Since I had to pee and wanted to give Ellie privacy (well, I didn’t WANT to, I just knew that was the nice thing to do), I said that I would go to the bathroom. Cory pulled me in. “Oh no you don’t.”

“What?!”

“We both peed our pants, you’re staying here.”

“You can’t make me.”

Cory grabbed my wet crotch. “I bet I can convince you.”

She began full on making out with me, clearly still horny. I couldn’t believe it. Ellie couldn’t either, but she looked on excitedly as Cory pushed me onto a futon and straddled me, kissing me the whole time. I was quickly hard again, and Cory grabbed my crotch as she made out with me. I was kissing her back enthusiastically and then ripped off her shirt, not caring that Ellie was right there. Ellie had not changed and was staring at us, mouth agape.

I quickly took off Cory’s white bra, showing off her somewhat small but pert breasts, her nipples sticking out as I played with them. She moaned, louder now that she wasn’t in public, before pulling me off the futon so that she could undress me down to my boxers. She followed suit, pulling off her shorts and I saw her white thong in full glory, wet almost all the way up to the hemline. She got on her knees and pulled my boxers down and began to blow me. I glanced over at Ellie, and to my shock, she was sitting on her bed with the front of her dress up as she fingered herself inside her wet panties. The sight was too much and I knew I would cum very quickly, so I gently pulled Cory away and sat her down before moving her wet thong aside and eating her out. I loved that I could smell the acrid pee on her thong.

After a few minutes, Cory pulled me on the futon, completely ignoring Ellie, and pulled off her thong and began to have sex with me. I could see Ellie still masturbating past Cory, and the combination of witnessing them wet themselves, having sex, and seeing Ellie masturbate was too much and I came in Cory, pulling her across the finish line as she came again, but this time loudly. The sight must have been too exciting for Ellie, as I saw her flush red as she moaned, as well, I suspect having orgasmed at the sight of us.

Eventually, the excitement died down and Cory got off me, embarrassed as she realized what we had done in front of her friend. She looked down, not making eye contact, and muttered, “Uh… sorry… got carried away.”

Ellie smiled. “You have nothing to apologize for. Besides, we all need a shower…”

With that, I finally got to go pee and we all laughingly showered together. Nothing sexual happened, which is good, since Cory and I were committed to each other at the time, but that night was the greatest sexual experience in my life, and it was spurred on by two accidents in one day.

