The Fear Wettings Anthology; Part 2: The Backrooms.

Author: Hypergirl

*000*2022-11-25 02:18

Hello guys! This is the second story in my series! This is a bit longer and a bit more detailed than my previous one, focusing on the lore of the backrooms.

If you’re familiar with the backrooms you’ll really enjoy the details i describe in each level, if you’re not then no worries i gave a brief description of what it is in the beginning of the story.

Might also add that the level numbers, names, descriptions, and entities are all canon to the backrooms. I did my research before i wrote this story! And fun fact even the level number you’ll see eventually in the story is canon! I swear i didnt come up with it

ENJOY!! And dont forget to leave a brief feedback so i can fix my mistakes and take your opinions to continue to provide good ‘episodes’ in this series i am creating.. THANK YOU! ^_^

———————————————————-

Amy walked out of her university campus with two of her friends; Anthony and Jane, after a long day at college. She was a beautiful long haired brunette wearing a simple dark blue chemise that had its front tucked inside of her white jeans. She was sipping the last of her grape soda can before throwing it directly into the litter basket.

“Bullseye! Haha.” Jane said shoving Amy’s shoulder playfully.

“Oh i’ve been practicing since last time!” Amy said with a smile.

They walked a little bit and sat on a wooden bench overlooking a park with the city view behind it.

Anthony was scrolling through his phone, he didn’t pay much attention to his surroundings as he was indulged on a certain topic he was reading.

“Hey guys ever heard of the backrooms?” Anthony suddenly asked.

“Yeah i’ve scrolled through a couple of topics.. many people explain how people just ‘slip’ into another reality, and that it has levels.. thousands.. some say they are infinite, some has unearthly creatures and monsters and there’s no way of going out once you go in! Except if you reach the final level, which is practically impossible.. you might get a chance though if you find a certain shortcut that gets you to the final level immediately from an early stage.” Amy said.

“Wow, you certainly know your info! Well it became trending recently. The subject just popped out of nowhere one day.” Jane said.

“Yeah true but well the subject started to pop up exactly 3 months ago.” Anthony said.

“Yeah so?” Jane asked confusingly.

“Well do you know what happened 3 months ago?” Anthony asked.

“Oh, do you mean the Armix tower explosive sonic wave downtown?” Amy asked.

“YES! I bet that Armix is behind it.. that sonic wave was certainly.. peculiar. They never said anything about it publicly. But i am certain they have something to do with it! The concept of the backrooms started after that particular explosion! They might have opened rifts or portals to other realities by accident!” Anthony said.

“Oh you and your conspiracies Anthony! I don’t even believe that they really exist, it just might be an internet hoax!” Jane said while blowing raspberries.

“Oh shut up Jane. Well what do you think Amy? What will you do if you accidentally slipped into the backrooms ha? Hahaha.” Anthony said with a laugh.

“Well i am not sure if it actually exists but if i happen and get thrown in there i will certainly be so scared i might piss myself in fear! Hahahaha.” Amy said jokingly. Followed by her question to Jane; “What about you Jane?”

“Oh i’ll definitely fully soak myself as well, from what i read it certainly is too scary! Hehe.” Jane said with a silent giggle.

“Since we opened the subject of peeing, do you guys remember the video that trended back then 3 months ago when the tower sonic boomed?” Anthony asked.

“You mean the one that was anonymously shared of the soaked girl coming out of a faulty elevator inside the tower after the explosion?” Jane asked.

“Yes. That video trended even more than the explosion itself! Must have been pretty embarrassing for that girl.” Anthony replied.

“Yeah the poor girl, i cant imagine being in her place, it must have felt so humiliating for everyone to see her like that. It certainly was too scary for her when the elevator was falling that she just let go all over herself.” Amy said.

“Yeah well there was also an obvious huge puddle on the elevator floor. Well they certainly couldn’t sue the company.. they had a fail safe and the girl was saved because of their technology. Besides no one knows the origin of that explosion! Oh well, they’re Armix after all, the most powerful company perhaps in the entire world?” Jane said.

They all looked at the tall Armix tower that was far off in the distance, standing like a gigantic rocket in the middle of their city. The city was called Lustral.

“Well forget about Armix.. something else is trending on the internet right now. Have a look guys this is very weird.” Anthony said while passing his phone to the girls.

The post showed a 20 seconds video, the thumbnail was a naked girl sitting on her knees with her face facing down on the floor of a walkway of a public park of a city called Lasix in a foreign country. The girl had a long brunette hair that covered her facials and she was sitting over an expanding puddle of her own urine in the middle of the park with bystanders surrounding her. The title of the topic was ‘Mysterious Naked Pissing Girl Appears Out of Thin Air in Lasix Public Park.’ It was posted two days ago.

“Press play already!” Anthony yelled at Amy. She immediately pressed play and they all watched confusingly.

- - -

**VIDEO PLAYING**

The camera was filming an empty walkway in a park. Suddenly a naked girl appears out of thin air from what looks like an expanding energy filled orb. The orb disappears quickly within itself in a silenced blast leaving the girl on her knees on the floor audibly crying. The camera zooms in as a puddle started to expand under her.. filling the walkway with her urine. She was trembling and facing down with her long hair covering her face.

Suddenly the voice of a yelling man appeared in the background of the video; “STOP FILMING HER YOU IMMORAL PIECE OF SH—.”

Then the video ended abruptly.

- - -

“WOW!” Jane exclaimed.

“This is weird.. didn’t you guys notice something? It seemed like the man who filmed the video knew exactly where the girl will appear. The video started before she even appeared.” Amy said confusingly.

“Well i agree but i noticed something else.. call me crazy but this girl looks exactly like you Amy..” Anthony said as he looked at his confused friend.

“No way..” Jane said.

“That’s impossible haha! First of all this video was posted two days ago, Monday 16th of March, today is Wednesday 18th of March! Two days ago i was with you guys at college remember?? Secondly, this video was literally filmed in a city called Lasix located on the literal other side of the planet! There’s just no possible way it’s me!” Amy said confidently.

“Well yeah you’re right.. it’s just that she has exactly the same hair style and skin color as you.” Anthony said.

“Her face is not obvious though, it’s probably just a coincidence and her body just looks like Amy’s, nothing more.” Jane said denyingly.

“You’re probably right, it’s just me and my conspiracies again.. Ha!” Anthony said sarcastically.

“Exactly! Haha!” Jane said laughing.

“Alright guys time to head home, i really need to pee i have been holding it since we came out of campus.. that grape soda filled me up haha!” Amy said as she got up from the bench.

“Alright see you later Amy!” Anthony said as he waved good bye.

“Bye bye bestie! See you tomorrow.” Jane said as she gave Amy a quick hug.

Amy waved at them and started walking through the park towards her home on the other side of the park.

She squirmed a little bit on her way home as her bladder filled, but kept moving nonetheless. She suddenly noticed a weird tree, it appeared like it was glitching in and out of reality. It just stuttered in a weird way as if it was a malfunctioning hologram.

Amy confusingly but carefully approached the tree, she unwittingly reached her hand out to touch the flickering tree, and to her surprise she ‘slipped’. Her whole body got sucked into the tree as if it was nothing but pure air, she started falling through the endless dark void losing all her senses in the process. Amy had just no-clipped out of reality.

- - -

*ENTER LEVEL 0: THE LOBBY*

Amy started to gain her consciousness slowly, she was laying on a musty yellow carpet. The carpet was a bit damp and smelled moldy. She opened her eyes slowly and looked around to find herself in an empty yellow room. The walls were covered with yellow paint, and the lights were fluorescent and gave out w constant buzzing noise and flickered every few seconds. The buzzing noise was certainly annoying and monotonous. Amy immediately put her hands over her ears as she began to slowly regain her senses.

She looked around the room in her shock. She immediately realized that she was literally inside the backrooms. The very one she and her friends were joking about a few minutes ago.

“It’s real.. omg it’s real! No no no!” Amy started talking to herself as she sobbed. Her bladder ached in her fear. She felt like her bladder will give out in her fear and surprise. She immediately put her hands on her crotch and crossed her legs in order to try and hold it in. She instantly remembered the conversation with her and her friends about ‘peeing herself’ if she ever made it to the backrooms.

“Oh no i am gonna pee! Im gonna pee myself! Please don’t pee.. please don’t pee.. please don’t pee!” She kept repeating to herself as she cried but to no avail. She started to leak a little bit into her panties and white jeans and through her hands. It left a small wet spot around her crotch but surprisingly she managed to hold it in as she calmed herself down a little bit.

“Oh nooo i wet myself! I really need to find a way out of here before i fully soak myself! I cant take it anymore!” She said while sobbing.

She relaxed herself a little and then started exploring slowly with tears in her eyes, a wet dark spot on her white jeans and a large amount of urine in her bladder.

She moved slowly out of the room to find dozens of similar yellow rooms. She kept moving and looking around as her need to pee intensified. But there was nothing new. It looked like a maze of empty yellow office spaces that seemed to be endless. The constant buzzing of the fluorescent lights was driving her crazy. She wanted to get out anyway she can now, and most importantly she needed to relieve herself.

After what seemed like an eternity of walking in an endless yellow maze, the monotonous hum of the yellow lights was suddenly interrupted with a landline telephone ringing. The sound startled Amy which made her put a hand over her bladder and leak a bit in her panties again, but it also gave her a glimpse of hope. She started following the ringing phone with a fast pace hoping that this could be her way out of here.

The ringing started getting higher and higher as she finally arrived in a room that looked exactly like the other rooms except that there was an office desk on the middle of the room with a black telephone ringing above it. She slowly reached the phone and answered with trembling hands.

“He-he-hello?” Amy said stutteringly.

Nothing answered but a loud static noise like a bad frequency coming from the other end of the phone, and among all the static noise a voice faded in and Amy tried to make out the words.

“It’s - - behind - - you.. RUN!” The voice said as she finally deciphered it.

The words gave her chills and goosebumps. She suddenly dropped the phone and put a hand over her mouth as she slowly turned around to look behind her.

To her surprise she found a dark inhuman silhouette standing in the distance, making a terrorizing screeching noise as it twitched in its place but appeared to be idle.

Amy stood still but in her shock the small wet spot on her crotch started expanding into a full wet patch along both sides of her white jeans darkening it all into a gray color. The flow extended towards her shoes and started dripping off over her shoes and into the moist carpet. The sound of urine hitting the ground caught the creature’s attention and it suddenly started sprinting towards Amy with its screeching voice getting louder.

Amy screamed and immediately started running the other way with her urine still spraying into her jeans in her terror as she ran for her life.

Her adrenaline pumped up which put her in the natural fight-or-flight mode, possibly her body voided her bladder for her to be lighter to give her a chance to run faster and escape the danger she was facing.. ironically her bladder was voided into her jeans which practically made her feel heavier and made it more difficult for her to run.

Nonetheless; she ran into the same yellow empty spaces for a couple of minutes not looking back but still hearing the chilling voice of the creature. Surprisingly she noticed a trap door in the floor in one of the rooms she ran into and decided that this would be her best bet to try and hide from the creature.

She sprinted with all her power towards the trap door with the creature tirelessly sprinting behind her. She managed to pull the handle of the door and open it. She looked down to find a partially dark concrete area, no more yellow in there.. as she was going down the hole the creature immediately grabbed both of her feet and pulled her on the ground away from the trap door.

As she was being dragged she definitely let go of some more of her urine and pissed all over the carpet. Her chemise got wet from her own piss this time as she was being dragged on her stomach over her own urine.

She kicked so hard that finally both of her shoes came off her feet into the creature’s dark hands. The creature lost balance and fell backwards as Amy crawled rapidly back to the hole and climbed down quickly shutting off the trap door behind her.

- - -

*ENTER LEVEL 1: HABITABLE ZONE*

Amy came down into a chilly area. It looked like a sprawling gigantic warehouse that had concrete floors and walls and a dim light. Fog was hanging in is the air with no discernible source. It underwent the process of condensation which formed large random puddles of water on the large cold concrete floor.

She looked down at her jeans and shirt to find all her clothes soaked, smelling of her own urine. She slowly walked a little bit and stepped over the random water puddles which soaked her white socks and immediately after she gave out an audible cry and sat down on the floor to take her breath in disbelief after that frightening situation that made her lose total control of her entire bladder.

She sobbed and hyperventilated for a few minutes until she took back control of her body. She calmed a little bit and then proceeded to take off her damp socks because who likes the feeling of wet socks on their feet?

She stood up slowly and started moving through the vast endless warehouse, stepping on the cold water puddles with her bare feet now. She was pretty scared but at least there was no creatures to be seen around, and the monotonous buzzing and endless yellow are no more. It might drive anyone insane.

The warehouse seemed to be expanding forwards, it wasn’t a maze like the previous area. Amy kept walking in a straight line for what might have been a couple of hours before finding a small door on the side of a concrete wall. She carefully opened the door hoping it will lead her out of this nightmare but to her surprise she found a supply cache. It was mostly empty except for a few random fruits and two unopened bottles of ‘Almond Water’.

She quickly reached for one of the water bottles, opened it and started gulping it down. She needed to rehydrate, she hadn’t drunk anything in what seemed like hours. She was super tired and dehydrated but the almond water gave her energy. It tasted sweet and refreshing. She threw the empty bottle away and then grabbed an apple. She voraciously ate it and then grabbed the other almond water bottle and chugged it down in one go.

“Ahh.. that felt good. Now i can focus on getting out of here.” She said as she came out of the supply cache room. Her bladder definitely starting to fill again after she chugged two bottles.

She ventured through the endless warehouse again after a good refill. The sound of water puddles under her feet triggered a reaction in her bladder again. It had been a couple of hours since she had her accident, in addition she just chugged two entire water bottles. The dark patch on her jeans was visible but it was dried in but still a bit damp making her feel colder.

She finally reached a tunnel that looked a bit different than the rest of the warehouse. It was becoming tighter and tighter. She moved in nonetheless to find herself in what seemed like a maintenance tight tunnel filled with pipes running along the walls.

- - -

*ENTER LEVEL 2: PIPE DREAMS*

She started moving carefully through the tunnel. Black liquid could be seen oozing out of some malfunctioning pipes. Of course she didn’t touch it and tried to avoid it as best as she could.

There were doors on the right side of the wall, she tried opening a few but none of them responded. They were all locked tight.

Amy kept walking trying to open every door she comes across to no avail. Her need to urinate was growing larger.

Eventually she saw someone standing still in front of her in the tunnel with his back to her. He looked humanoid. Could it be another human who was lost in the backrooms like her?

She carefully approached him and put a hand on his shoulder. “Hello? Are you okay?” She asked naïvely.

In an instant the humanoid quickly turned to face her, and to her surprise it was faceless. It had no eyes, no nose, no mouth, no ears. Nothing.

Amy immediately squealed and fell backwards on her butt and started to back paddle away from the creature while crying. As she did so, of course, she started urinating in her jeans again in her terror. Rewetting the already dried gray patch. The patch grew larger and leaked under her butt this time. It left a trail of urine as she continue to back paddle while uncontrollably pissing into her jeans.

She quickly noticed that the creature wasn’t moving. It stayed in its place standing still only it was facing her. It made sense she thought, the creature doesn’t have any senses. It should be harmless.

She stopped back paddling but kept her eyes locked on the creature. The final drops of urine leaving her vagina into her jeans as she sat still for a moment. She slowly stood up again and put a hand on her butt to notice how much her buttocks were soaked. They were completely drenched and still dripping, leaving a huge patch on her butt.

“Oh no.. not again!” She thought to herself. She was lucky the creature couldn’t see, or smell her urine.

After a moment of collecting herself she decided to move past that creature slowly. She stuck her back to the pipes and started moving slowly past it. She held her breath and sneaked on her barefoot tip toes very close beside it in order to continue on her way. She leaked a little bit more as she moved past it from the fear of the situation she was in but continued on her way nonetheless. Suddenly a pipe burst beside her and the creature immediately turned to face her again. This time she picked up her pace and started running with the last of the content of her bladder finally releasing into her panties and jeans.

She started to slow down after a couple of minutes of running when she made sure the creature wasn’t sprinting behind her like the other one. She bent down putting her hands on her soaked knees as she took her breath.

She started slowly navigating the tunnels again when eventually she found a small hole in a very fragile cracked wall. It looked unique and different from the same pattern she had been walking in for a while now. What was stranger is that there was a sledgehammer perfectly placed in front of that hole. Is this the way out?

“This could possibly be my way out of here. I have to break the fragile wall. It can’t be a coincidence!” Amy thought to herself as she grabbed the sledgehammer and moved towards the wall. It was heavy but she managed.

She slammed the wall as hard as she possibly could and it surprisingly instantly shattered like paper in one blow. The hole was revealed to be a circular tunnel that she could crawl through. She collected herself and hesitantly started crawling through that tunnel until she reached the light on the other end. Unbeknownst to her, this was actually a hidden short cut that took her right into level 5.

- - -

*ENTER LEVEL 5: TERROR HOTEL*

After jumping down from the tunnel Amy found herself in a vast lobby of what looked like a hotel complex. Light seemed to be shining from the windows. One might think it was finally the sun but there was nothing but white light. The architectural style seemed to go back to 1930s, with furniture dating back to 1920s. Jazz music was playing in the distance with whispers and voices of the chatter of people but there was no one there but Amy.

She started to move through the reception area and found stairs in the middle leading to the hotel rooms. She carefully reached the hallway and found what seemed to be infinite rooms left and right of her. She started moving in and trying many of the room doors but none opened until she reached the end of the hallway after about 30 minutes of walking. It was a dead end, but not quite. There was a larger door at the wall in front of her, refraining from the same pattern of left and right doors. She thought this might finally be it. The door had room number 207 embedded into its wooden body.

Hopeful, she turned the door knob slowly and it finally opened with her, the door wasn’t locked. She carefully entered to find a magnificently designed luxurious room. It had a huge bed in the middle and looked like any fancy room she can’t afford back in her own reality. She felt a bit excited yet still fearful.

She entered the room and sat on the huge bed realizing that she felt uncomfortable wearing her wet pants. After all she pissed herself twice in it and she was wearing it in that state for god knows how many hours.

She finally decided that she needed to relax. Maybe sleeping would be the way out of this level? She thought that while she’s at it she might as well definitely take a hot shower in the massive bathroom that was complementary to her room.

She started difficultly pulling her sticky urine filled jeans off but she managed. She was already bare foot since level 1. She then pulled off her blue panties and took off her chemise and blue bra. She was completely naked now. Her body was a bit sticky from all the urine and she definitely smelled like a urinal. She kicked her ruined clothes to the side and rushed to the shower so she could finally shower and relax then sleep on that comfortable bed so she can regain focus or possibly get transported to another level.

As soon as she reached the bathtub she stood inside of it and started turning all the valves, but there was no water coming out. She felt frustrated and started to smack the shower head a few times. While doing so the bathtub under her suddenly dissolved. She was pulled down under and into another dark void. She looked upwards as she levitated forcefully downwards to see that she no-clipped out of the hotel seeing her bathroom moving out of distance as she was being dragged down. She had accidentally found a secret entrance to the final level of the backrooms.

She finally settled on a dark ground to find a gray looking huge spiral staircase in front of her.

- - -

*ENTER LEVEL 9223372036854775807: THE END*

Naked and scared Amy had no choice but to approach the gray stairs in front of her. As soon as she stepped on one of the steps the door she came from shut behind her. The stairs was incredibly tall, dark, spiral and surround by walls. The steps in the staircase were floating, metal square slabs that gently shifted around.

“All i wanted was just some sleep i cant! I cant! I am too tired and too cold for this! And now i am all naked!” Amy said while sobbing. Nonetheless she collected her strength and started climbing the stairs slowly.

Amy found occasional locked doors as she ascended the creepy staircase. She kept climbing as she trembled in the cold to no end. She occasionally sat on the steps to take a break from climbing. It took about two hours until she finally reached the very top of the stairs.

She found a door with a letters electronic pad beside it. She tried opening it but it was locked. She knew then that it needed a password. She was frustrated as she tried different combinations of names and letters to no avail. But finally she got the bright idea of putting her name in.

A . M . Y .

The door beeped and unlocked. She opened it to find a dark hallway but saw a very bright light at the end of the tunnel. She started walking towards it when suddenly dozens of decayed hands started coming out from both sides of the walls and tried to grab her. She screamed and started running and kept hitting the hands away.

“Have to reach the light at the end of the tunnel! The light at the end of the tunnel! The light at the end of the tunnel!” She kept repeating to herself while taking the hands off her.. and finally she reached it after a struggle.

- - -

*THE FRONTROOMS*

Suddenly she fell on a solid ground. It looked like gravy dirt. Her face was fixated on the ground with her long brunette her covering her facials, she sat on her knees and as she did so her bladder finally gave in once more from all the pressure and fear she just faced. The puddle started to extend on the ground she sat on as urine flowed from her bare vagina.

A mysterious man with a black hat and a black coat was standing there with a peculiar type of phone. He was filming the incident on a live feed under an anonymous name since before Amy even appeared. While he was filming a crowd began to gather around Amy.

One ethical man saw the mysterious man filming her and ran towards him shouting; “STOP FILMING HER YOU IMMORAL PIECE OF SHIT!!!”

The mysterious man started running away from the scene and vanished. Which interrupted his video.

Amy snapped back into reality when she heard the man shouting. She looked back up and looked at the crowd of people surrounding her, realizing that she was naked and that she had pissed herself on the floor. The bystanders had witnessed that. She looked around in panic to find herself in a park she’d never been to before.

Amy started to slowly realize that she is the very same girl she had watched on Anthony’s phone. It was really her.

A woman took off her coat and covered Amy immediately with it as she helped her to stand up.

“Whe- where am i? What is th- the da- date?” Amy stutteringly said as she asked the helpful lady in order to confirm her suspicions.

“What do you mean honey? It’s Monday the 16th of March. You’re in Lasix. Come you need help and medical attention i’ll take care of you.” The helpful woman said confusingly answering her as she walked with Amy away from the scene.

The woman’s answer had confirmed to Amy that she was indeed the girl in the video. She had traveled back in time two days prior to when she first entered the backrooms and it landed her in Lasix, a city in a country on the other half of the globe of where she lived in Lustral.

She didn’t quite understand what had actually happened. But what was confirmed that the backrooms did actually exist, a reality or a bunch of realities defying all known laws of time and physics filled with monstrous entities.

But she was relieved. After all Amy was one of the lucky very few who managed to survive the backrooms and live to tell the tale.

- - -

The video was nonetheless shared by the mysterious man and it started trending on all platforms with the headline

“Mysterious Naked Pissing Girl Appears Out of Thin Air in Lasix Public Park.”

- - -

“WOW!” Jane exclaimed.

“This is weird.. didn’t you guys notice something? It seemed like the man who filmed the video knew exactly where the girl will appear. The video started before she even appeared.” Amy said confusingly.

“Well i agree but i noticed something else.. call me crazy but this girl looks exactly like you Amy..” Anthony said as he looked at his confused friend.

“No way..” Jane said.

“That’s impossible haha! First of all this video was posted two days ago, Monday 16th of March, today is Wednesday 18th of March! Two days ago i was with you guys at college remember?? Secondly, this video was literally filmed in a city called Lasix located on the literal other side of the planet! There’s just no possible way it’s me!” AMY SAID CONFIDENTLY.

- - -

$

*002*2022-11-26 01:07

{{3 hours ago, Bf1fan said:

I liked it! I have a Backrooms story too

$iframe allowfullscreen="" data-embedauthorid="115387" data-embedcontent="" data-embedid="embed273871685" scrolling="no" style="height:186px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/81591-into-the-bathckrooms-a-scary-story-for-october/?do=embed"

}}

Oh yes! Your story is really really good and it was actually one of my inspirations to write my own version of the backrooms! Really good job!

*004*2022-12-06 16:23

{{10 hours ago, Zero_4793 said:

Something about this sort of stuff really gets to me. when nature/biology/evolution leads to contradictory things.

Peeing from fear maybe makes sense back in nude tribal days. but since then it usually just makes things worse.

}}

That is very true. I’ve always thought about these stuff the way you do! I’ve delved deep into the mechanism of why might one pee in fear. Nowadays it’s just humiliating and undignified and not practical at all. Back then they didn’t really care it actually saved them and the smell might have even kept predators from attacking.

