Sunset to Never at Rajmahal Fort

Author: holditin

*000*2016-10-23 20:13

As the tour group dispersed, Preeti stood in between us all and pinched her legs together even tighter than she had over the last two hours, but it was finally no use. A cascade of pee began pouring out from between her legs, drenching her and soaking the ground beneath her. I took a step back and so did AJ, to avoid being splashed, but Sneha was in no condition to move. As soon as the piss splashed up against her, it was over. Her sphincter was holding by its final power, and with this added complication it gave up the fight, and Sneha began emptying her 27 hour load right next to Preeti’s gusher. The amount of piss that was being forced out of them was mightily impressive, and even AJ was giving an unconscious nod of approval.

Onlookers fled this way and that to give the two sodden, still-pissing girls some space, and after a few minutes of solid fire hydrant-like gushing, I turned and noticed Parul. She was gritting her teeth and moving her legs up and down in desperation, trying her damndest to hold on while watching and listening to her two best friends losing their battles with their otherwise unbeatable bladders. For a second I thought she would lose right away as well, but Parul’s bladder was stretched and aching and still holding, come hell or high water. Preeti and Sneha finally finished their massive streams of pee, and the five of us departed the scene as quickly as we could.

AJ again showed her sadistic side by even refusing to return to the hotel to let Sneha and Preeti change into dry clothes. I sensed that her mood was worsening due to the strain of her bladder, compressed so tightly in her maddeningly figure-hugging latex catsuit and contained for 39 hours now. Parul’s own 27 hour bladder bulged out ominously, by contrast, as it had room to expand but also clearly was not going to be able to expand much further before a disaster would take place. Parul’s eyes also bulged out as AJ went and fetched herself a large beer from a vendor. She shook her head disbelievingly and finally refused to match my girlfriend drink for drink. “Any more and I will pop just like them…” she confided.

AJ’s smile was as wide as I had ever seen it, “You see, girls, a true lady like me doesn’t need to cut back on her drinking one bit to cope with bathroom needs. She simply clamps down and holds it. Imagine if our hotel bathroom had been out of order? You all would be out of luck, but here I am still acting perfectly normal!” This was not entirely true, as AJ had been keeping her legs close together when the others were preoccupied and was sweating a great deal from her sphincter’s exertions, but she was in much better shape than Parul, and obviously world’s better than the sopping Preeti and Sneha.

At noon Parul asked if we could sit down. Preeti and Sneha quickly jumped in to her defense and made it out like she wanted to sit down so we could eat, but it was obvious that Parul was at her limits and needed to sit to have any hope of keeping her flood at bay. The tides were rising and it was just a matter of time. Regardless, we had not yet eaten on the day, so we accepted this and found an open table in the shade, right by a food vendor. AJ, Sneha, and Preeti went to get the food and drinks, while I stayed to hold the table and keep Parul company. She was vibrating with the effort of keeping her pee concealed in her body, muscles strained and cracking and on the verge of breaking completely.

“Your….girl….she’s….too good!” Parul said to me with a quiet dignity. It was not often that I got to see Parul exercise such humility and admit defeat when it came to her bladder. In fact, other than our last trip to Rajmahal Fort, I had never seen it happen! A big wave of urgency ripped through the poor girl and Parul grabbed her crotch with both hands, moaned, and rocked in her seat, fighting to keep control of her pee even a second longer. She somehow rode out the wave and stayed in control of the hot ball of urine packed inside her, earning my admiration. Then the girls returned, bringing pizza and drinks. Everyone had a soda, except AJ, who had both a soda and a second large beer. She had finished her first just before we sat down.

I could tell by AJ’s body language that the beer was beginning to make its presence known, coursing through her system and adding a diuretic effect to her bladder’s already bursting state, but my girl could see the finish line now and continued to hold tightly, despite sweating profusely, both from her latex wares and from exertion. Sneha and Preeti sipped their sodas in dismay and ate quietly as they watched their iron bladder champion, Parul, shake and tremble and lose her will to continue fighting, minute after minute after minute. Her bladder bulged out exceptionally, but Parul was barely even attempting to eat and drink, such was her tunnel-visioned focus on holding back her enormous piss load. By the time the meal was finished it seemed that Parul was no longer experiencing wave after wave of bladder urgency, but rather one continuous wave that she fought with her very being to stay in command of.

AJ was licking her lips as sweat poured off of the trembling Parul, her bladder finally bulged out to complete capacity and on the verge of explosion. For just a second, the tremors that shook Parul ceased, and she squinted and asked AJ, “Where…did you get…that beer?” Intrigued, AJ raised one eyebrow and pointed at a stand 20 yards away. Parul nodded, somehow rose to her feet, and walked very carefully in the direction of the stand.

“There’s no way she makes it there dry,” Sneha said, just as Preeti observed, “I’m sure she’ll make it there without a leak.” The two looked at each other, but this was not the time for smiling, and so they remained stone-faced. What was their last hope for the contest doing? Where was she going? We watched as Parul’s squirming form, belly bloated out from the sheer volume that she was holdling, queued in the beer tent line, then bought a large beer just like AJ’s and slowly returned to us. Parul’s face was flushed and red as she sat back down, and without saying a word, for she was too tired to do anything else, Parul put the large beer cup to her lips and began to chug. Even AJ’s eyes were going wide as Parul continued downing the 1.25 liter beer without breathing once. In a minute, it was finished, and Parul slammed the empty cup down on the table.

“It’s done!” she gasped. The prideful girl paused, winced mightily as the largest tremor of bladder agony yet shook her to her core, and then added, “And so am I.” In a flash, Parul tore off her clothes until she was completely stark naked right out in the open. Her bladder looked like a cantaloupe in her abdomen, and she groaned and held it as finally the pressure became too much to bear. A hard jet of pee began to emanate from her unclad vagina, hissing into the ground beneath the table. Parul grabbed her empty beer cup and stuck it under her to catch the flow. Her sighs of relief were attracting attention, as well as her obvious nudity, but Parul could care about nothing else but the relief she was finally feeling after over 28 hours of bladder torture, fighting an opponent she could not hope to beat even with an advantage.

After 30 seconds, the beer cup was brimming, but Parul showed no signs of even slowing her fire hose of a stream, and so the beer cup overflowed and piss continued raining down on the ground beneath them. Parul’s eyes were rolling back in her head and her display of relief was so pronounced that even AJ was crossing her legs to keep from following suit. The deluge of piss continued on for minutes, and Parul was barely even able to consciously look at any of us until her stream had nearly died off completely.

The girl had to have been holding close to 3 liters with how much she’d let out, and her newfound emptiness showed with her flat stomach. Blinking herself back into reality, Parul deftly returned her clothes to their proper positions upon her body before we all got kicked off the premise, but it took a good deal longer for the crowd that was watching us to disperse this time around. Sighing heavily, Parul stuck out her hand to AJ and shook, telling my girlfriend, “Good match. You were too much for all of us.”

Our food finished, and the contest finally over, the five of us rose from the table and began walking. Without realizing it, we began to split apart. I was simply following AJ, who was walking back in the direction of the fort, while the other three were walking in the direction of the parking lot. “Aren’t we going back now?” Preeti asked AJ and me, “What more is there to do? And surely you must want to piss by now, AJ! We’re all impressed with your capacity, but we understand that even you will need a relief before much longer.” AJ, prideful til the end, shook her head viciously at this proclamation, replying, “There is no need for me to take a relief. I am not weak enough to just go because I have outlasted you three.

Actually I want to keep exploring the fort and the fairgrounds around here. If you three have had enough, you can take one of the public buses home.” I knew the three girls didn’t want to take public transportation home when my car was right there in the parking lot, but what Sneha and Preeti wanted even less was to continue walking around in their wet clothes for the day. With a wave, my three friends departed in the direction of the buses, with Sneha getting in a last word of, “Don’t push yourself too hard, AJ! Use the toilet when you have to! It’s ok!” Then they were gone and it was just my lovely girlfriend AJ and me at the Rajmahal Fort.

Once I saw the three were out of earshot, I turned to AJ and said, “Ok, baby, that was an amazing job! You’ve certainly proved your point to them! Now would you like to go to the car, or did you want to stop at the hotel first so you can pee and have a relaxing car journey home?” AJ regarded me, startled, “Honey, what did you not understand there? I said I wanted to explore the fort and I want to explore the fort.”

“Baby, weren’t you just putting on a show for them with that line, to prove your superiority? You’ve pushed yourself really hard and I know that you must be desperate to relieve your aching, compressed bladder, no matter what you say,” I responded honestly. This worked AJ up all over again, “I am not the type of girl who stops what she is doing to take a pee break just because I am uncomfortable! This massive load of piss is contained safely and securely inside of me and it will stay there, no matter how much my bladder tries to blow it out and empty itself. I do not train my sphincter muscles for nothing, nor my bladder capacity, you know. Forget about toilets and let me enjoy this trip!” I nodded, “Ok dear, I will do that. But are you sure you don’t even want to stop to take off your restricting catsuit and let your bladder bulge out normally? Surely that would at least relieve some of the pressure you’re feeling…”

“As if I can’t contain that pressure without a second glance! I’ll show you! And why should I get rid of my catsuit? I like to dress with it on and if my bladder decides to bloat inwards instead and cause me greater pressures, so be it. I’ll outwait it like I always do and for the last time, I am not using the toilet at the hotel!” she replied with gusto. I held up my hands, “Ok AJ, ok, you’ve convinced me. I know your full, throbbing bladder is making you irritable, but I don’t mean to say those things to needle you. I am only trying to help! But I’ll do as you say and forget about your bathroom needs, and we can simply enjoy the afternoon together.”

“Good!” AJ said defiantly, and off we went to Rajmahal Fort. It was 1 pm, and AJ holding back an incredible 41 hours of aching bladder pressure.

At 8 pm, after an additional 7 hours of sightseeing, it was finally time to head home. AJ’s bladder was now a compressed watermelon, doing everything possible to spew out her crazy 48 hour piss load while she heroically resisted. The afternoon had certainly been a memorable one. For the first two hours since our three friends departed, AJ had managed to keep herself under nearly total control, if only just. Conversation still flowed easily, and she took no more than a couple short breaks to regain her composure when a particularly hard spasm hit her. But as time went on, her voice began to get shakier.

Her fidgeting grew more pronounced. Her sentences began to ramble on and then end midway through. And five minute rest breaks for our legs quickly turned into half hour squirm breaks as my stunning iron bladdered girlfriend fought tooth and nail with her bladder in her ongoing effort to remain totally free of piss breaks. Around 4 pm, her full bladder seemingly being pushed all the way up to under her significant bosom by the unforgiving latex catsuit, AJ suddenly stopped in her tracks. We had decided on a guided tour of the south side of the fort, the only part of it we had yet to see, and I saw AJ’s eyes glaze over as she fought with herself to pay attention to the speaker.

It was for naught, as after 15 seconds of rigid, unmoving standing, her bladder fighting an all-encompassing war with her nearly overflowing pee on the inside while my AJ tried desperately to look calm and unconcerned on the outside, she let out a loud groan of pain and clutched under her bladder bulge for support. Her legs pigeon toed inwards for a few seconds, hot breath hissing from her lips as AJ gave all the concentration she could muster to the task of keeping her sphincter locked up against this new pressure of piss. Some of the group turned to look at her, but I quickly shooed them away, well aware of how delicate and precarious my girlfriend’s situation was. It took AJ a full minute to regain total control over herself, but even the biggest wave of pressure she had felt in two days was not enough to dislodge her clenched sphincter.

I was amazingly impressed, as her 44 hour bladder had prevented even the slightest leak from escaping. Sensing disaster, I went to her and said in a low tone, “Honey, you’ve performed magnificently. Really you have. Let’s go back to the hotel and let you empty out before you disgrace yourself in public like the others.”

I expected AJ to either accept my offer or at least think about it before refusing, but it seemed she had much more confidence in her current predicament than I did, because she replied angrily, “What did I ask of you once we were alone?? Do not mention my need! I am fine! It was a bladder spasm that felt like death, because this damn catsuit is giving me no room to expand, and so the pressure on my sphincter is constantly multiplied beyond anything you or the other girls have ever felt. But I am used to challenges like this, even after almost two days! I will cope and I will not stop to use a bathroom!” I was taken aback, but replied with a question, “So does that mean you will continue to behave normally and not act as though your bladder is full to the brim with boiling piss?”

“Of course, dumbo! What else do you expect of me?” AJ shot back. I nodded, then walked away to a nearby vendor, only returning once I had paid for another large beer for my iron-willed girlfriend. Her eyes went wide as she saw my plan, but she steeled her face and body language and gave no other sign of her dismay. “Then AJ, if you are sure you are going to keep up with living normally, I know that you would have no problem drinking this beer.” AJ’s eyes were filled with contempt, for she knew the pain and desperation this additional diuretic fluid would bring, and yet her ego still overrode her better judgment and she spat back.

“Even after almost two days without a relief, with this damned catsuit on, having already drank more than Parul, Preeti, and Sneha did just to prove a point, you’re still not convinced of my abilities and want to push me further! Fine! This is my THIRD beer of the day and I will contain it just like I have contained everything else!” With that, she grabbed the beer from me and hastily chugged the entire thing down in a single go. I knew the move would come back to haunt her, but AJ was manic in her conviction to hold longer still, and so I said nothing more.

But by 8 pm we had seen everything there was to see, and most vendors were closing up shop for the night. Darkness was falling, and neither myself nor AJ was interested in paying for a second night at the hotel room. I am sure that another reason that AJ didn’t want to stay longer was that her iron control was finally slipping. The third beer had put her kidneys into overdrive, and within an hour of it I could tell AJ was being pumped full of new liquids desperate for escape. For the last two hours AJ had made only spotty conversation and had resorted to keeping her fists clenched at all times, either balled up at her sides or clutching the sides of her jeans that she wore over her catsuit.

She was also stamping her feet rapidly every minute or two, finally having to resort to the measures taken by desperate schoolgirls to keep control of her massive 48 hour bladder. We turned in the hotel room key, and even while I chatted with the front desk associate, AJ was helplessly fidgeting around the lobby. I could not call it a full blown pee dance, especially after Preeti’s display hours before, but AJ was reaching her limits, both in terms of her capacity and her sphincter’s nearly untireable strength. Even AJ had a max, much as she wanted to deny the cruel fact. And even though I loved the torture she put herself through, I also loved her, and I was conflicted about seeing her finally push too far and lose control like the others. But not conflicted enough not to get one last beer for AJ for the road from the final open beer vendor…

We made for the car and AJ curled up into a ball in the passenger seat, shoving her hands between her legs, and yet somehow still removing them from time to time to work on her fourth beer. The girl was insatiable when it came to bladder punishment. She was now out of the public eye, and so she was forced to do everything necessary to keep her pressing pee shut inside her spasming, painful bladder.

“Are you ok AJ?? Is there anything I can do?” I asked with concern in my voice. It was not often I saw my confident girl in this amount of trouble with her unbreakable bladder. AJ took a moment to compose herself before responding, “You have no idea the hell of this catsuit, or of this pressure. I will endure! Just drive! Drive!” I nodded, fastened my seatbelt, and immediately gunned it out of the parking lot. I knew it was dangerous, but AJ’s words and her situation spurred me on with renewed adrenaline and I drove onto the highway going well over the speed limit. I knew it had taken hours upon hours to reach Rajmahal Fort the previous morning, but at the rate of speed I was driving, I figured I could get us home in 4 hours if I avoided being pulled over. With AJ in the state she was, it was a risk I was willing to take.

At 10 minutes after midnight, our car screeched into the parking lot of our apartment building. We were nearly out of gas, and two times I was sure a police officer had seen me, but we’d made it. And AJ had also made it, by the skin of her teeth. She was full of surprises, even during the drive. At 10 pm, halfway through the mad rush home, I felt a light thunk against my temple. I turned and saw that it was the plastic beer cup that AJ had thrown at me….and she had thrown it at me because it was empty. The crazy girl had drank down a full 4 beers on a bladder that was already 36 hours full when she woke up that morning!

She managed a small smile before returning to the unenviable task of holding all that liquid within herself a while longer. I just shook my head in disbelief and kept driving. In the last hour, AJ impressively seemed to have a modicum of control over her quivering sphincter muscle, and she was putting on a front of being used to the pain her totally overstretched bladder was putting her through. But when we got out of the car and began to walk to our apartment, AJ’s more than 52 hour bladder rebelled.

Her overtaxed sphincter was trying madly to hold tight, but as AJ was forced to double over and shove her hands deep into her crotch, I wondered if the end was nigh, and so close to her own toilet! We rushed inside, AJ now finally doing a full blown pee dance as I struggled with my keys to unlock the door, and then we were inside! She had done it! With a cry of joy, AJ fled to the bathroom while I sat down on the sofa. I was absolutely exhausted from driving like a madman for four hours straight, to the point that I was ok with just hearing AJ’s amazing torrent instead of watching her spew out her piss first hand.

I waited for a few minutes, hearing nothing of the sort, and got curious. Before I could investigate further, AJ came out of the bathroom, wearing only a skimpy pair of short shorts and a sports bra. Her body was covered in a damp sweat, evidence of the torture she had put herself through. And was still putting herself through, because I was also coming face to face with the largest bladder bulge I had ever seen! It really was like a watermelon in her abdomen. The bulge of AJ’s 52 hour bladder was perhaps one and a half times larger than that of Parul just before she gave in and peed herself, all those hours ago.

“My dear….aren’t you going to use the toilet now? You did it! You made it back and through the entire trip, even though it went much longer than planned! You are a true bladder goddess!” I could see the effort in her eyes, and I could see how every muscle in her body was taut and wracked with pain as AJ said, “Oh no, honey. As you said, I am a bladder goddess, and I will prove it by behaving with a 52 hour bladder as I would with an empty one. I certainly…don’t….need a toilet (It took her an amazing amount of effort to add the ‘don’t’ into that sentence), but I only needed to get out of that airtight catsuit! It was squashing my bladder like crazy! I am settled and committed to holding!”

She said this even as I noted that she seemed to be at her absolute limits. The white bowl was just a door away and had to be incredibly inviting, but somehow my AJ’s willpower was such that she could resist it, even while changing out of her catsuit just mere inches from it. I bade her to sit next to me and could feel her shaking frame. AJ’s body was not meant to be going through the torment she was forcing upon it, and I knew it was only seconds until she would break. She simply had to. But she did not.

Midnight turned to 1 am, which turned to 2 am, and still AJ made no move to relieve herself, even as the shaking of every fiber in her body grew and grew. Her bladder jutted out unnaturally from her, but she would not give in to it, and even let me touch and stroke it while gritting her teeth to fight back a yell. The unbelievable amounts of effort she was putting forth finally did get the better of her…but not of her bladder. At 2 am, with 54 hours separating her from her last release of pee, AJ fell into a light, unstable sleep. Within five minutes of her going out, I realized just how tired I was as well, and sleep soon followed for me too.

I woke up at 9 am and saw that AJ was also coming out of her slumber. Immediately upon waking she groaned loudly and reached out to caress her swollen bladder, which now nearly resembled a beach ball. She almost had tears in her eyes from the pain, and I wondered how it must feel to go from a peaceful sleep to waking up and instantly feeling the bladder agony she was feeling. “AJ, darling, perhaps a morning pee is necessary?” I ventured softly, not wanting to upset her first thing in the morning. AJ shook her head in disgust, “If there’s one thing you know about me, it’s that I don’t…need…to take morning pees. And that isn’t about to change now. I don’t care how big the pee inflates my belly. It’s staying put!”

She said it even as her legs shook frantically from the strain of holding back 61 hours’ worth of ridiculously pent up pee. I gave her a few minutes to change her mind, but when she did not I got up and went into the bathroom to use it myself. I saw her crumpled catsuit laying on the floor by the bathroom sink from where she had torn it off to be comfortable again, or at least as comfortable as was possible in AJ’s present condition. I took my minute long morning piss, sighed with relief, and exited the restroom.

AJ had clearly heard my stream, because she was now sitting up, clutching her bloated belly, and trying not to be overly obvious about bouncing up and down. I made us breakfast, as AJ was in no condition to help, despite her telling me otherwise while rocking on the couch, and we ate and drank in relative silence. And AJ wouldn’t be AJ if she didn’t consume two cups of coffee along with her juice for breakfast, which led to me marveling her bladder strength even more. She was primed and ready to pop, and still AJ refused to admit her need.

With no plans for the day, we laid on the couch and cuddled and watched some television. AJ was the epitome of uncomfortable, shifting positions every minute and becoming more and more frustrated with her body’s failings. The coffee was her undoing, and it seemed she would simply HAVE to pee before her body made the choice for her. “It seems nature is calling. Perhaps you ought to listen to it…” I implored as AJ repositioned herself for the tenth time in five minutes, jarring me from a nice spooning spot. I was as hard as iron laying with her in this state, but the part of me that wanted to see my lovely girlfriend relaxed again was growing, even outpacing my tremendous lust for her bladder desperation.

“If nature is calling, I am not picking up the phone to answer!” AJ swatted the idea away, crossing her legs and thrusting her hands in between her legs. As AJ’s desperation reached its zenith, she stood up from her seat and began squatting and fanning her legs every minute. Little moans of effort were escaping her lips involuntarily, and beads of sweat were pouring down her face and body once more. Her cleavage seemed like it was directing a river, and her whole body glistened.

By noon, with an incredible 64 hours now gone by without relief, AJ’s desperation somehow reached even greater heights. She alternated between doing a pee dance that would put Preeti to shame, fast walking all over the living room, nearly sprinting back and forth, and then curling up in a ball on the sofa and bobbing her knees up and down recklessly. AJ’s sphincter was clearly passed any normal limits of exhaustion and was surviving to hold only on willpower alone. And while AJ’s reservoir of willpower was unmatched, so to was the astounding volume of the reservoir of urine within her maxed out, burning bladder.

I kept waiting, and waiting, and waiting for the inevitable flood to come. Even AJ was not immune to nature, no matter what she wanted to believe. I knew she wanted to hold on longer, til infinity if possible, but it was clear she was done in. Her sphincter was mere seconds away from cracking and letting her floodwaters cascade out over the living room floor. Even AJ seemed to realize it when I looked into her eyes, though she still fought like a demon to contain herself further. With AJ’s pride still somehow refusing to let the poor girl empty her engorged bladder, I sat back to watch her lose control. A new wave of urgency ripped through my iron bladdered girlfriend, then another, and another. There seemed to be no delay in between the waves anymore. AJ was vibrating with need, her eyes going starry, muttering “Hold…hold…never pee…never pee…” under her breath, but she was teetering on the edge and I could see the dam was about to be breached.

It was 1 pm, AJ on the absolute brink of destruction, a mind-bending 65 hours gone by since she’d had that relieving before bed piss, when my phone vibrated. I forced myself to tear my eyes away from my exploding girlfriend to check it. It was a text from Sneha. “Hey, do you guys fancy doing lunch today? We just wanted to show that there are no hard feelings about the way the trip ended! 2 pm at our usual café?” I read the text, breathed a sigh of relief, and then looked up at AJ.

She could not be still even for a minute as I talked to her, “AJ – Sneha, Preeti, and Parul want to have lunch with us in an hour. I think it is a good idea. But I know you are in no state to be in public right now. Please, please, you have proven yourself above and beyond what is necessary. Go into the bathroom, get in that shower, cool yourself off, and piss to your heart’s content while you are in there. It will feel even better with the water running down you as you let out your own waters. Then we can both relax together and have a nice meal with friends. Ok?”

AJ looked at me, her eyes going buggy from the pain she was feeling, and I could see her face go deep into thought for a full minute before she answered, “…….no, I will hold….” But her voice finally, FINALLY lacked conviction, and I knew that this time I could convince her, because she herself knew that trying to hold further was hopeless. She was seconds from wetting herself. “No, you will go and pee in that shower, and then we’ll go and get lunch. Ok?” I repeated myself. AJ stared me down until the pee urgency overwhelmed her, and after 65 hours she replied, “……Ok, I’ll pee.”

That was it. The words had been said. I smiled widely, gave her a light hug, making sure not to rub against her bladder, which by now seemed to even be pushing her ribs up a little, and got a change of clothes for her and laid them in the bathroom while she slowly managed to rise from her seat for the final time. AJ clutched herself and half-walked, half-waddled to the bathroom, finally having hit her true outer limit and survived to pee in her own bathroom, gave me one more small smile, and shut the door behind her. From outside the door, I heard her clothes come off, and then a minute later the shower began to run. Maybe I was imagining it, but I thought I heard a sigh of relief a minute after that. 65 hours of holding, and finally my perfect AJ could be comfortable again…at least until her next hold. I smiled to myself and began to get dressed to go out.

Epilogue

I had picked out for AJ a pair of sexy tight jeans and a shirt that showed off her ample cleavage, and when she came out of the bathroom at 1:45 wearing it and looking slim, trim, and confident after her surely orgasmic release of pee, I couldn’t have been happier. My girlfriend was stunning! We walked to the café together and arrived a few minutes after 2, where Parul, Preeti, and Sneha were all waiting for us. We ate and drank and laughed together, and the three of them forgave AJ for her maniacal desire to see them all wet themselves in disgrace. All in all, I was amazed at how well they took it, although perhaps I shouldn’t have been, considering that peeing themselves was getting to become commonplace for the three whenever they travelled to Rajmahal Fort.

AJ seemed to be forcing her happy demeanor, but I knew that she still saw them as competitors and that would take a while to fully die down. AJ had also found renewed energy after finally peeing, as she was bouncing her legs up and down to burn off the excess. It was clear we were all still tired from the ordeal, with AJ in particular sitting stiffly after we’d finished our meal and talked for a while. I was wanting to do with a nap myself at this point, so I bade the girls goodbye and tried to leave with AJ. The three insisted on walking us back to our apartment, which caused AJ to tense up briefly.

We continued making small talk during the 20 minute walk, though AJ was speaking up less and less as we got closer to our destination. She even made us stop once for a minute on the pretense of having a cramp in her leg, “After all that walking we did at the fort!” she said. Finally we reached our building, and as the other three girls said their goodbyes and walked away, I saw just how much AJ was sweating, even though the sky was overcast. “Are you ok, dear?” I asked, concerned for her, and she gave me a curt nod. We went up the steps and into our apartment, and as soon as I closed the door behind us AJ crouched down on her heel and clutched her abdomen and crotch for all she was worth.

“Oooooohhhhhhhhh!!!!!!” she wailed, rooted to the spot. I was dumbfounded and my heart was racing from worry, “AJ, what’s wrong?! Are you ok? Do you need anything?”

“Oooooohhhhh! I don’t know if I could have lasted a second longer without giving in back there! Ooooohhhhh! So bad! It’s so bad!” she cried out. “What are you talking about??” I shouted in confusion. “I NEED TO PEE!” AJ screamed. Her face was beet red and she had yet to move from her crouch. I didn’t know what to make of it, “But you just went, dear! Do you mean to tell me you already have to go again??” At this, AJ managed to turn her head just enough so that she was facing me, and she said, “I didn’t go.” I was incredulous, “What do you mean you didn’t go?? I saw you go into the bathroom! You don’t have a bladder bulge anymore! You just went out and had lunch with my friends and acted fine.”

“All…a…ruse…Had to prove…I could…do it!” she sputtered. In one swift motion, AJ rose to her feet, tore down her jeans, and tore off her top, revealing the catsuit, the same one she’d worn to Rajmahal Fort, the same one I’d last seen crumpled up in the bathroom, pulled to maximum tightness. She’d put it on even tighter than when she’d worn it out on the trip to the fort, and not a hint of bladder bulge showed thanks to the firm latex material. With a cry of agony, AJ unzipped the catsuit and flung it from her body. Now standing naked before me, her bladder was free to swell in all of its glory. It was somehow bigger than I’d ever seen, and her proportions were so enhanced because of it that it took me a few seconds to fully register what I was seeing.

“You….you faked your piss? You went out and managed to act normally even though you were out of your mind with desperation?? It’s…it’s 3 pm now! You haven’t peed in 67 hours!” I couldn’t believe the explanation even as it left my mouth, but AJ gasped, “Yes! It’s all true! It was torturous like nothing you can contemplate! With the catsuit on, my bladder….felt like…it was occupying my entire….lower half….but I…I did it!” AJ stared at me, and her eyes were full of crazed lust and desperation. Before I could reply, heck, before I could even think of what to reply with, AJ flung herself at me and began kissing me with reckless abandon.

I kissed back, so she kissed me more forcefully, hungrily. Before I knew it we were making out like animals, slowly staggering in the direction of the bathroom without ever taking our lips from one another. We reached the bathroom and I tried to release a little to give her a chance to sit down on the porcelain bowl and relax, but instead AJ pushed me into the shower stall. Her eyes were ravenous, though whether it was with pee need or fuck need I did not know. Hell, knowing the state she was in, it was probably both! Despite her bladder’s condition, AJ ripped the clothes from my body and squatted down, then started giving me an expertly done blowjob. I was throbbing like crazy from this turn of events, and it was all I could do not to cum.

I let her service me for five minutes, all the while with both hands clutching her crotch as she fought to keep her pee in, even now. Her bladder suffering had pushed her horniness to new heights! Then I stood her back up, squatted down, and began to go down on her instead. When my tongue hit her clit AJ immediately shrieked and pounded her fist into her leg. “Fuck! No! No cumming! No pissing! Must hold it all! No pissing!” AJ screamed aloud as I continued to torment her with my tongue. She was sopping wet, but I did not detect a single drop of pee, only girl cum. After a few minutes of torturous licking, I reached around her and deftly turned on the water of the shower. AJ shrieked all over again as the water hit her, and she tensed up to an amazing degree, and I waited for the first fresh drops of piss to storm out of her cavernous tankard of a bladder. Still she held it!

I couldn’t take it anymore. I stood up, bent AJ over slightly, and thrust my hardness into her tensed cunt. This time AJ’s yell of pleasure was so high-pitched I thought the bathroom mirror would shatter. The amount of pain and pleasure she was enduring was mind-boggling. I could barely get more than half of my penis into her on each thrust, such was the volume of space contained by her piss-laden bladder. And she was so tight from all the clenching she’d been doing for hours upon hours that it was like a vice.

I was having to stop and start to avoid cumming deep into her, and AJ was shouting constantly, “Never pee! Never cum! Never pee! Never cum!” while she writhed in agony. Somehow, my girlfriend let me have my way with her for about 10 minutes before turning the tables. She released me from her grip, shoved me down onto the bathtub, and squatted down on me, fucking me cowgirl style despite the immense pressure she had to feel every time she made her descent. AJ’s capacity to handle bladder pain knew no bounds. She rode me for 5 minutes before I couldn’t take it anymore, and with my own cry of agony I spurted deep within her.

My orgasm went on for nearly a minute before I came back to reality, and when I did AJ had turned off the shower and was drying off, mere feet from the toilet. She was shaking from piss need, and the look in her widened eyes was one that was far beyond distress at her situation, but even still, AJ did not pee. She had not cum either, and I knew she was the furthest thing from calm as she stood and watched me get up. I took a deep breath when AJ said, matter-of-factly, “I can’t hold it. It’s about to come out.” She was fidgeting, and I could tell her twitching, overworked sphincter was completely exhausted. Her bladder was maxed out and then some. Nothing more could be contained in that beautiful sphere in her abdomen. “What are you going to do?” I asked breathlessly. “I’m going to get a beer,” my girlfriend with the bladder of steel told me, and she walked out of the bathroom she had last used over 67 hours ago to find the six pack in our fridge, still unrelieved.

Alternate Ending

I couldn’t take it anymore. I stood up, bent AJ over slightly, and thrust my hardness into her tensed cunt. This time AJ’s yell of pleasure was so high-pitched I thought the bathroom mirror would shatter. The amount of pain and pleasure she was enduring was mind-boggling. I could barely get more than half of my penis into her on each thrust, such was the volume of space contained by her piss-laden bladder. And she was so tight from all the clenching she’d been doing for hours upon hours that it was like a vice.

I was having to stop and start to avoid cumming deep into her, and AJ was shouting constantly, “Never pee! Never cum! Never pee! Never cum!” while she writhed in agony. Somehow, my girlfriend let me have my way with her for about 10 minutes before turning the tables. She released me from her grip, shoved me down onto the bathtub, and squatted down on me, fucking me cowgirl style despite the immense pressure she had to feel every time she made her descent. AJ’s capacity to handle bladder pain knew no bounds. She rode me for 5 minutes before I couldn’t handle it anymore, and with my own cry of agony I spurted deep within her.

AJ immediately jammed her hands into her crotch, forcing my dick further into her indirectly. My cum had triggered my iron bladdered girlfriend’s pee need with renewed, unstoppable vigor, as another liquid that wasn’t pee made its presence known in and around her. AJ clawed at herself madly, doing anything possible to remain in control of the massive amounts of fluids inside of her. She rose off of me, climbed out of the bathtub, and began pee dancing frantically next to the toilet. “Don’t need it….don’t need it…don’t need it…” she chanted to herself, while her cramping bladder and flagging sphincter disagreed.

In a last ditch effort, AJ double crossed her legs, squatted down in front of the toilet, clutched her vagina with both hands, and sat on her heel all at the same time. With her muscles finally giving up after over 67 hours of torment, she was resorting to brute force to keep her incredible load of pee inside her for a moment longer. But it was no use, because my AJ finally had to pee. With a primal yell, she planted herself on the toilet, removed her hands, spread her legs, and held onto her pee through sheer willpower and determination. My girlfriend, bladder of steel and all, made direct eye contact with me as the seconds ticked by, breath puffing shakily in and out of her, legs quivering, her unimaginable bladder load still kept within herself.

Then her will finally broke, and piss flooded out of AJ’s vagina for the first time in nearly 3 full days. AJ moaned as loudly as I’d ever heard her, the pee streaming out of her in a complete torrent. The amount that she had kept dammed up was nearly unthinkable, and her tortured, tired bladder was doing all it could to force every last drop out immediately. The result was the thickest stream of piss I had ever seen. The hiss of it was easily louder than the shower, and Parul’s capacity was outstripped before AJ’s stream had even slowed down. This was a girl with a bladder to die for, and she had pushed herself to the absolute limits.

It took 6 minutes for AJ’s impressive downpour of a piss to run dry, and when it did I went right back to her to kiss her again. Reaching my hand down, I began to frig her clit to give her the orgasm she hadn’t gotten, the orgasm she had resisted all this time, the orgasm she – “Stop!” AJ cried, squirming on the toilet seat. In an instant I pulled my hand back, “What is it?” I asked. “I don’t want to cum. I don’t deserve it,” AJ said with conviction. “What?? Of course you do!” I responded loudly. “No,” AJ said, a twinkle in her eye, “First, I need to hold it longer.”
