Even FullHearts Can Overflow

Author: holditin

*000*2020-02-14 01:13

I saw a request for this story of mine since it was only posted to the Holding It board and never here. I'm happy it was so memorable! Hope you enjoy!

Even FullHearts Can Overflow

I checked myself into FullHearts Hospital early Monday morning. I’d woken up with every intent to get dressed and go to work as usual, but as I readied myself I realized my head was burning. Certainly it was a substantial fever, and with my luck perhaps I’d caught the latest strain of super strong flu that had been making the rounds at the office. By 8 am I was laying in a medical bed in my own private room and had an IV drip going into my arm. The fever was still terrible, but I couldn’t help but perk up when my nurse arrived. She had a little pooch in her abdomen, a clear sign of early stages of pregnancy, but otherwise she was easily one of the hottest women I’d ever laid eyes on. With her dark hair long enough to obscure part of her vision, my nurse introduced herself as Nurse Chelsea and began looking over a folder of my medical history.

I answered a few questions as best as I could, taking note of her tattoo sleeve going up her left arm, as well as her very obvious DD cup assets. I did my best not to stare too long, but I’m sure from the smirk on her face that Chelsea knew what kind of effect she was having on me. Heck, she probably had the same effect on all her patients. “Most likely, you’ve got that Flu X that’s been on the news lately,” Nurse Chelsea told me after a few minutes of poring over the data, “So we’ll keep you here on monitored bed rest until you recover. If you need anything, hit the buzzer on the wall there, right above your head, and I’ll make sure to check up on you or have another nurse come to do it.” She saw my eyes flick hastily to the partially open bathroom door in the corner of the room and the toilet within, then continued, “Yes, make sure you don’t get up for anything. If you need to relieve yourself, we’ll be more than happy to provide a bedpan.”

“Yes ma’am” I gulped, embarrassed by this turn of events, but fully aware that I would have to deal with it. “Alright, rest up, watch some TV or take a nap, and we’ll be back to check on you later today, ok sweetie?” Nurse Chelsea finished, and I nodded my assent. I made sure to get a good look at her shapely rear as she turned and exited my room, stopping outside my door to grab a liter of water from another passing nurse and chug it down, and then continuing with her rounds.

By 11 am I couldn’t bear the pressure any longer. I’d been resisting my filling bladder all morning, but finally it got the better of me. I pressed the buzzer, waited a few moments, then pressed it again to be sure. In two minutes, Chelsea was back in my room. “What can I do for ya, hun?” she asked me. “I really need to pee,” I told her with a slight tremor in my voice. I wasn’t used to admitting such a private need to such a good looking woman. “No problem!” Chelsea perked up, going across the room to fetch me a bedpan. She helped me get it in position and ten seconds later I was feeling the bliss of relief as my morning piss left my penis with record speed. After half a minute, I ran dry, and Chelsea took the half-full bedpan, noting with a grin, “Looks like you really needed that one!”

“Yes, I’m very happy to see you again. You got here right in time!” I told her sheepishly. Chelsea gave me a quizzical look, “What do you mean ‘again’? Do I know you from somewhere?” I paused and stuttered, “Erm, no, I mean, you just checked on me a few hours ago…” Now it was Chelsea’s turn to pause for a few seconds, but then recognition sprang into her eyes. “Aww, I’m sorry dear! This happens all the time! You met Nurse Chelsea this morning. I’m her twin sister Kelsey!” My eyes went up and down over her body, and I realized that while she was identical to Chelsea in almost every way, Kelsey’s sleeve tattoo was on her right arm instead.

At least I had a way to tell the sisters apart. “Now you rest up and just let us know if you need anything else!” Kelsey said and turned to leave. But a new thought had just hit me. When I saw that the two sisters’ bodies looked exactly alike, that meant they had all the same curves. Same cup size, same round butt…..and same bulge in the abdomen. There was no way….I had to ask.

“Kelsey-“ I stopped her as she was leaving. “What is it, sugar?” the buxom nurse asked, turning her head around. “I apologize if this question oversteps my bounds, but I’m just very curious. I know you and Chelsea are identical twins, but did you really both plan to get pregnant at the same time? You both seem to be the same amount of time along from what I can see of your bellies. I just thought it was an odd coincidence is all.”

Now Nurse Kelsey gave a laugh, “Oh, you really are something else! No, no, I’m not pregnant, and Chelsea’s not either, the little devil.” The nurse walked in closer to me and spoke softly, “See, one of the perks about coming to FullHearts Hospital is how clean and pristine the entire establishment is kept at all times. Be honest, you haven’t noticed more than a speck of dust or filth since you got in here, right? Our staff and management take pride in that, and one of the ways we endeavor to keep up our cleanliness standards is to keep all bathrooms, toilets, and bedpans as patient-only. So no, we’re not pregnant, sis and I, those lumps are just our bladders after a long shift. Just over 11 hours now for both of us!”

“11 hours?? My gosh, don’t you have to go? By all means, you can use the bathroom in my room, I’m not allow-“ I was cut off by Nurse Kelsey. “Oh hun, don’t you worry about us. One of the qualifications for becoming a full time staff member here at FullHearts is being able to hold your load and stay hydrated at all times. A full bladder doesn’t bother us, and it shouldn’t bother you! If I do say so myself, my toilet at home has seen its fair share of monster pisses after long shifts like this, but as long as I’m on duty I keep things corked up. So try to relax, and don’t worry about us, ok?” Nurse Kelsey finished with a smile, barely waiting for my nod in response before turning to exit. I’m sure she had many more patients to attend to.

As she reached the door, I had to do a double take, because Nurse Chelsea walked passed her and down the hall. It was going to take a bit of getting used to seeing two sexy, curvy, identical women like this. “Hey Chels! We got another one who thinks I’m you! Said even our bladders look the same, how bout that?!” Kelsey called out to her sister while leaving the room. “Pssh, well that’s not right! Everyone on the floor knows this twin is the one with the bladder of steel!” I heard Chelsea shout back from down the hall. “I hope we get suckered into double shifts so I can make you eat those words!” Kelsey replied heartily. I saw her rub her distended bladder briefly through her nurse’s uniform, then grab a bottle of water from behind a counter and begin to drink it as she walked down the hall and out of my view. This was going to be a unique hospital stay, indeed…..

By 3 pm I couldn’t help but press my buzzer again. The IV drip was filling my bladder back up at a rapid rate, in addition to the drinks I’d received with my bed-ridden lunch, and I needed some more relief. I was all ready to check their arm tattoos to make sure I knew whether it was Chelsea or Kelsey who came to help me, but this time an Asian nurse made her way into my room. She was Filipino, by the looks of it, a little shorter than the twins, but she had an air of confidence about her. She was also sporting a fairly massive bladder bulge, as I assumed that if Chelsea and Kelsey weren’t pregnant, then this third nurse probably wasn’t pregnant either. “Hello, I’m Nurse Jasmine. What can I assist you with?” she asked me with a slight accent.

I spoke of my need to relieve myself, and the nurse sprang into action with a bedpan. I managed to fill it up almost as much as last time, and I noticed that Nurse Jasmine seemed to be standing a bit stiffly as she waited for me to finish. I decided to be brazen and asked her, “Have you been holding it long? Nurse Kelsey told me that none of the staff are permitted restroom breaks on site here.” Jasmine flashed me a smile, “Oh those twins…they think they can hold it, but we’ve got some real tankards in this hospital.” I was not expecting this comment, because to me, the 11 hours that Kelsey spoke of holding her pee for was damn impressive. Nurse Jasmine started taking the bedpan away, then continued her train of thought, “Myself included. I’m on 18 hours and still feeling just fine. My shift ends in a couple more hours, but I’ll probably catch a few hours of shut eye and go out for drinks before I even think of relieving my large bladder.”

“That’s incredible!” the words left my mouth before I could process them. Nurse Jasmine’s smile grew wider, “Well thank you kindly. But like I said, some of the women at FullHearts are made of titanium down there. If I didn’t know it was a medical necessity, I’d be convinced some of the doctors have never sprung a leak in their lives! Doctor Sarah Gallagher, I saw her go 40 hours without a piss during a procedure and not even cross her legs. Even I’d be breaking my neck to last that long without a wee.” Nurse Jasmine left my room, and I was left to my fantasies.

Nurse Chelsea came back to check up on me at 6 pm. She apologized for the delay, but explained that the doctors were behind schedule due to the flu outbreak, so they were only now getting ready to have the experienced professional come to look me over. I told her it was no problem to stay in a hospital with such attractive staff, which earned me a blush and a wink. Chelsea was fidgeting a little as she spoke, and her bladder bulge also seemed to have increased by a few inches, and this she acknowledged, “Why yes, hun, and I think yours would have too if you went 18 hours and didn’t stop one time to pee.”

I told her that Nurse Jasmine had been holding for that exact length of time when she came to check on me 3 hours prior, and she wasn’t showing such obvious signs of desperation, and Chelsea frowned briefly, “That bitch…don’t listen to her, Kelsey and I can hold circles around the other nurses. We’ve probably just drunk more than she did….” I let her excuse hang in the air and didn’t comment on it, and before Nurse Chelsea could say anything else, another woman stepped into the room. She was a tall woman with flowing blonde hair, huge boobs nearly popping out of her top, and if Chelsea looked 3 months pregnant, then the blonde certainly looked more like 5 months. “I’m Doctor Sarah Gallagher, it’s nice to meet you. I’m sorry for the delay. As I’m sure Nurse Chelsea explained to you, we’re just running behind today. This new Flu X has left us understaffed as well, but there’s no rest for the weary!”

“It seems that even you need to take a comfort break at some point, Doctor. Do you really not feel that?” I asked, pointing to her enlarged abdomen. “I’m not a school girl who needs to rush to the lavatory to avoid wetting her knickers every time some pee enters her bladder. I cannot be bothered by such things, and thankfully I have the urine tank to prove it! I’ve been on duty for the last 30 hours without a toilet, but like I said, that isn’t a problem for me.” Doctor Gallagher replied confidently.

She reached into the pocket of her medical jacket, took out a half-empty bottle of water, and finished it off before looking over my charts. When her eyes moved back to me, I told her about my experience from earlier in the day, “Nurse Jasmine told me you once lasted 40 hours on a procedure. Is that true?” Doctor Gallagher huffed, “Jasmine needs to cut that out….goodness, every time she tells that story………….It was 45 hours, and that’s not the longest I’ve ever gone. I don’t know why that one procedure stands out to her. I don’t think she understands that I have the bladder of a horse!”

“You will have to teach her a lesson!” I joked, but Sarah’s reply was serious when she said, “You’re right, perhaps Jasmine will have to start working double shifts from now on….”

Just then, the lights went out. The machines turned off. For five seconds all was dark throughout the hospital and I heard shouts of panic from other rooms and wings of the building. Then a low light came on and the medical machines hummed back to life. Sarah Gallagher was now looking on angrily, “Dammit! Why’d we lose power?? We’ve switched over to the emergency generators, but this is not good!”

“What should we do??” Chelsea asked, trying to keep the panic out of her voice. “We need to conserve as much power as we can,” Doctor Gallagher said forcefully, reaching for a radio in her pocket, “I’m going to put the whole place on a lockdown. Nothing runs unless absolutely necessary. All the automatic doors on the floors need to be locked in the open position, elevators will have to be shut down, and we’ll have to lock our entry doors and re-route all incoming patients to another facility. No one leaves.

Everyone stays on duty until we can get our normal power back.” The doctor turned to me briefly, and again her voice was serious, “You wanted to see me break 45 hours? You just might…” Then she walked briskly out of my room, with Nurse Chelsea tagging along a second later. All around I could hear the other staff milling about, trying to salvage as much of the situation as they could while keeping the patients calm. My mind was whirring – everyone stayed on duty. Bathroom breaks were not allowed. How long could FullHearts Hospital possibly function with its all-female staff put under such strain? I could tell they were some of the most dedicated and strong-bladdered women on the planet, but even they had to have limits! Alas, there was nothing I could do but lay and wait as time ticked by and bladders filled. I was ok with this.

The evening wore on. The emergency lighting was dim, but I could see just well enough in my room and out into the hall. Every minute or two another nurse or doctor would flit by, scowling and shaking their heads, no doubt flustered by the sudden power outage. And what caught my eye was that every single one of them was sporting a very prominent bladder bulge. Sarah Gallagher was right – these were no school girls. These were women who knew how to hold their pee! Every time one of the nurses made their rounds and stopped in my room to check on me, I commented on the state of their bladder. Each nurse was open about talking about how badly her bladder was bursting, but they were all also equally confident about their unmatched abilities to hold it for as long as necessary. And none of them were showing any desperation anymore – not even Nurse Chelsea when she came to check on me at 10 pm with a 22 hour unrelieved bladder.

She had been fidgeting 4 hours earlier, but now she was as steady as a rock (and her bladder certainly looked as hard as one!) as she monitored me and asked me a few questions relating to my condition. “Don’t you need to pee anymore? It seems that none of the ladies on staff have to go at all!” I exclaimed to her, unable to help myself. Chelsea bit back a smile, and I could see very small tears of pain coming from the corners of her eyes. So she was suffering from the strain. But her reply was simply, “We are professionals here at FullHearts Hospital. This is how we got the reputation in the medical community for being known as FullBladders Hospital. You won’t see us behaving any differently just because of the mass of urine inside us. We are grown women who can hold it, and we have to do just that during a crisis like this. If you’ll excuse me, I really do need to keep moving and check on the other patients…”

Nurse Chelsea left me to my bed, while I suspected she had other reasons for wanting to keep moving besides just helping the patients. Her bladder was bulging like a globe thru her nurse’s outfit. It had to be causing her problems. Of course I thought that about every nurse and doctor I saw, especially when Doctor Sarah Gallagher walked passed my room an hour later with two other doctors at her sides. Each of them looked to be containing near a gallon in their stretched abdomens, but they all walked with a purpose and showed no signs of their urinary dilemma besides a light sheen of sweat on their foreheads. I was maddeningly aroused by the sights and sounds around me, but alas, I was in the hospital for a reason. I really was sick, and despite my best efforts, my body had had enough and I fell asleep from exhaustion sometime close to midnight.

When I awoke, the clock on the far wall told me it was 10 am. Despite the fact that my body needed the rest, I couldn’t help but be disappointed. This was the best chance I’d ever have to see a group of iron-bladdered women desperate at once, and I’d let it slip through my fingers and fallen asleep. Surely I’d missed the main event by now. There was no way these women were still ho-… My mind went blank momentarily as Doctor Sarah Gallagher strode into my room. She seemed to be containing a beach ball under her outfit, but that wasn’t what it was. Sarah Gallagher was burstingly full of piss. Piss that she’d now been keeping inside herself for 46 hours.

The good doctor was sweating more profusely than she had been the previous night, her eyes were bloodshot from lack of sleep, and she kept her legs close together as she walked and stood, but otherwise she was somehow able to compose herself normally and speak to me as if she was not mind blowingly desperate to piss. “You know, when I broke passed 45 hours, I thought of what your reaction would be…then I decided I’d better come see it in person,” Sarah told me with a smirk, “It’s not every day I have to push myself to get this full and still keep working, but unfortunately this isn’t just any other day. I have yet to hear a definitive update on our power situation.”

“Are you quite sure you don’t need to relieve yourself?? What about the other girls?” I asked incredulously. “Don’t question the dedication of the staff of FullHearts Hospital. We have strong bladders and will put them to good use. You won’t see any member of the staff break down and piss while on duty, if that’s what you mean. These aching piss tanks will keep swelling as large as we need them to, and not one of them will even think about bursting.” Having given me such a rousing status update, Doctor Sarah took a minute to check on my flu, pulled out and chugged down half of a full bottle of water, then left the room, again with smaller, more pointed steps than I was used to seeing out of her. Despite her best efforts, I could tell she was dying to let loose her flood for the first time in 46 hours.

At noon I was visited by Nurse Kelsey. Her bladder was round and swollen with 36 hours of piss clawing to get out. Her hair was matted to her face and forehead from sweat, and despite her very best efforts she could not stop a small tremor from continuing in her leg while she stood. Even so, Kelsey somehow managed to be totally professional as she did her checkup on me, never once wavering or halting things because of a pang from her bladder. I decided to gauge her reaction when I asked if she needed a relief, and Kelsey told me sternly, “No sir, I wouldn’t even think of it now. We FullHearts nurses know how to put our patience to the test. We’ve never had a girl lose her load on the clock and I’m not about to be the first!”

As Kelsey left my room, Nurse Jasmine entered. Apparently whoever had scheduled the nurses’ rounds was a little too preoccupied with their unending need for relief, because I’d been double booked! As Nurse Jasmine ran through the same series of questions and tests that Kelsey had just administered, I noted that she was standing with her legs apart, and now there was no fidgeting coming from her. What a woman! I had to find her limits, however, so in a bit of naughtiness, I acted like I wanted to look at one of the charts she had in her hands, but ‘accidentally’ pressed on her bladder to adjust my position. The effect was instantaneous. Jasmine’s eyes went wide, her teeth clenched together as breath hissed loudly out between her lips, and her strong legs clamped right together. She did not cross them, and she did not put a hand between her legs, but I don’t know if I’ve seen someone holding back such pure pee-need. This was a girl who needed to let go in the worst way.

Just from the rigidness of her posture, I could tell it was taking everything Jasmine had to keep her dam plugged up and forceful piss inside. She was quivering with the effort, her muscles tensed to the max. And amazingly, after ten seconds or so like this, Jasmine was able to relax ever so slightly as the wave of urgency I had caused her ended, and she continued as if nothing had happened.

I was in awe, and after Nurse Jasmine finished checking her notes, she leaned in close and told me softly, “You’re lucky that my bladder seems to be made of steel. I haven’t had an accident since I was a little one, but there are not many girls who can withstand that sort of extra pressure after 39 hours without a toilet. You might not want to ‘slip’ anymore…” I nodded and apologized, but she cut me off, “Don’t apologize, at least not to me. No need. I can take it. Nothing’s going to make me crack, no matter how much longer we’re without power.” And so Nurse Jasmine left me with my tongue hanging out of my mouth.

Around 2 pm I was visited by a redhead nurse I had only seen in passing. She introduced herself as Amy, and she had a bladder bulge that managed to almost rival Sarah Gallagher’s. Nurse Amy also didn’t appear quite as exhausted as the other ladies who had seen me today, though she was a good deal more fidgety due to her unbridled pee urges. With such a full bladder, it was a wonder she wasn’t doubled over from the pain. I asked Amy how she could be so wide-eyed and cheerful after so long on duty, and she explained to me that, with no end in sight to the power outage, the nurses and doctors had begun sleeping in some spare rooms on the top floor in shifts, just for a few hours each.

She had just woken up an hour ago. I asked her how all the women were possibly managing to fall asleep with such massively full urinary organs, but Amy replied, “With how hard everyone is working to ignore their bodily urges and help our patients, we’re all dead tired by the time our break comes. Plus I’m sure we’ve all trained ourselves to fall asleep with bursting bladders anyway, for efficiency’s sake. I know I have….”

Despite Nurse Amy’s confidence, I couldn’t see how this prolonged power failure could end in any way other than a hospital-wide breakdown in self-control and floods of pee eventually coating the floors. And it seemed to be already in the early stages of happening – multiple times I saw women with maxed out bladders walking passed my room, clearly going out of their minds with desperation. They were breathing heavily, clenching their fists, even clutching their pussies if they thought no one was looking. One redhead even grabbed herself to stem the oncoming tide in full view of her coworker whom she was walking with. The coworker could do nothing but shake her head sympathetically while the poor redhead fought for control of her shaking sphincter.

The girl succeeded, just as every member of FullHearts Hospital had to this point, and both women continued on dryly. The redhead even began working on another bottle of water before she was out of my view. Watching all these powerful, prideful women being pushed to their limits was driving me wild, and as the afternoon wore on I felt some strength returning to me. Probably it was just the adrenaline from being in such an arousing situation, but no matter, I was going to put my newfound energy to good use. With a huff and a puff, I gingerly arose from my bed. My IV had been removed permanently the previous evening, so I was just on bedrest now. I decided it was time to explore the halls. Watching the nurses pass by my room was nice, but I was greedy. I wanted to see more!

As I roamed the halls of FullHearts Hospital, the tension hung thick in the air. It was so heavy I could feel it weighing me down, surely the same way the women felt their voluminous bladders weighing down their midsections. Oh how I’m sure they wanted nothing more than to let that piss burst forth from them, let the pain subside and let themselves be comfortable again. Only their pride held them back. I saw it in each of their faces. Each woman was more determined than the last. They would all hold. They would not use the toilet, no matter how much their bladders swelled, no matter how much their sphincters ached, no matter how bad the pressure got. It was like a dream – everywhere I turned there were more desperate women, women so clearly on the total verge of urinary disaster, but still holding back their ruinous pee need through sheer willpower, sheer ego alone.

Some of the stronger nurses and nearly all of the doctors attempted to straighten up and act normally when I passed by, but others couldn’t help themselves and continued clutching their thighs, rubbing their legs together, squeezing their fists into their crotches, and doing whatever sort of pee dance was needed to fight and resist the unbearable urge for seconds more, and seconds after that. On and on it went, the parade of desperate women, but more importantly, the parade of desperate DRY women. There was not one leak at FullHearts Hospital. The power outage had lasted far longer than anyone thought possible, and yet each woman’s massive bladder had been up to the task. Somehow I also couldn’t help but note that almost every woman I passed had a water bottle or a cup of coffee with her that was half-emptied.

Through the carnage of bursting point bladders were three women whose urinary needs seemed less pronounced than the rest. Doctor Sarah Gallagher was still holding strongly, despite perhaps the largest and most swollen urine organ of all, tending to patients and only offering me a small smile and nod as I walked passed her. There was an Indian doctor, who told me her name was Rumi, who was managing to act fairly normal and bear the pain of a totally blown up bladder.

While Doctor Gallagher’s might have been the roundest and most filled, Rumi’s was certainly protruding the furthest out from her body. It looked completely unnatural, even on her borderline voluptuous frame, such was her incredible capacity. The third girl, to my complete surprise, was Nurse Jasmine. Despite telling me on the first day that holding 40 hours would be a real accomplishment for her, the Asian wonder had contained herself for well in excess of that time, and the glower in her eyes told me she was fueled with pure adrenaline and would do everything in her power to keep the hold going.

Her bladder was bulging the lowest of the three, with the rotund shape only seeming to end mere centimeters above her pussy. This suggested that perhaps Nurse Jasmine’s bladder was containing some of the most vicious pressure, as all of that pee weight was bearing down directly on her poor, overworked sphincter. But she was not complaining. She even bade me over to her once she had finished with a patient and let me touch the gargantuan, rock solid mass that was her abdomen (as long as I promised her I would not press down like I had before). “I am feeling strong today – all my training has paid off! Watch, I won’t piss before any of the ladies here!” Jasmine told me confidently. She also told it to me a bit too loudly, as a few of the other nurses overheard. However, with urine tanks full to bursting and on the verge of emptying completely, they were in no position to argue with the Asian bladder goddess, so most of them just rolled their eyes and continued with their business.

I spent a long part of the afternoon strolling the halls of FullHearts Hospital. By the time I returned to my room it was 8 pm. While I had seen astonishing bursting bladders and frantic desperation, the one sight that had eluded me was that of a piss waterfall spraying out from between the legs of any of these paragons of urinary capacity. No one had cracked, no one had broken down, no one had given in, and no one’s bladders had cried out in defeat. I was nearly as desperate to see these women lose control as they were to keep their pee held in. However, I could also feel my adrenaline wearing off, and the truth was that I was still getting over the strain of Flu X that had put me in the hospital in the first place.

I knew if I tried to stay up waiting for these powerful women to have an accident, I could very well pass out beforehand and miss the whole show that was to come. And so, I took a calculated risk. Though many of the women I’d seen on my travels seemed to be close to losing all control, I decided to bet on the strength and willpower of the nurses and doctors at FullHearts. My phone had been kept for me conveniently on a counter near my bedside, and I flicked it on and set an alarm for myself. I would sleep until midnight, getting just enough rest to be able to carry on the next day. These iron-bladdered women just had to hold out for 4 more hours, and then the fireworks could commence in earnest. I crossed my fingers, took a breath, and lay down on my bed to get some rest. As I lost consciousness, my last thought was hoping that I’d made the right decision.

My alarm went off promptly at midnight. For a moment I gazed around with tired eyes. A second passed and suddenly I remembered my grand plan. Had I slept too long?? Had I missed the rivers of piss that would surely await me?? I gingerly rose from my bed and left my room. If the tension in the air had been thick before I went to sleep, it was positively overbearing now. Nearly every nurse I saw was walking with slow, halting steps. Most had hands caressing their brimming full bladders. Some were shaking. Some had tears in their eyes. All of them did continue to have that one undeniable thing in common – they were all dry.

Not a single bladder had given way to the unheard-of strain that was now being laid upon them. It had been well over a day since the power had gone out at FullHearts Hospital, and longer still since any of these on-duty women had relieved their giant, bursting piss tanks, but somehow their dedication remained up to the task. As I continued to walk the halls, it became apparent that there was not one woman left in the hospital who wasn’t showing significant pain on her face. I even caught a glimpse of Doctor Sarah Gallagher doubling over to contain the massive load of liquid inside her.

And then, finally, I turned a corner, and before my eyes the façade that no doctor or nurse at FullHearts Hospital required a restroom was destroyed. I saw a younger brunette nurse frantically rubbing her thighs together, both hands buried deep in her crotch. She was so desperate that she’d actually put her hands inside her pants to hold right against her vagina. She was moaning, oblivious to the scene she was causing and the stares of fellow nurses and patients. The poor bursting girl reached one single time for the chart she had been poring over, but was stopped by another fierce urge and had no choice but to regrip herself for everything she was worth.

She did not reach for the chart again. For five minutes I watched this brunette nurse, a girl who clearly had an abnormally large bladder and ridiculous willpower, fight against the inevitable call of Mother Nature. She did everything possible to contain herself, veins sticking out on her neck, face going red and spotty with the effort, but then the dam burst. Piss spilled through her pants and onto the floor of FullHearts Hospital – the first peeing accident ever suffered by a staff member. Some of the nurses groaned loudly and held themselves as the sound splattered through the hallways. For others, this was too much! All around this one soaking, still-pissing girl, other nurses began to be overwhelmed by their bladders and the echoing sound of piss hitting the tile.

Overworked bladders began to burst and soon there were at least ten nurses in a single hallway pissing away. None were doing so intentionally, all of them were trying to hold the flow back with every power they could muster, but it was no use. They had reached their limits hours ago, valiantly pushed themselves to new and greater heights, but now the defeat of one of their number pushed them over the edge. The flood of piss became deafening as so much dark yellow, musky urine was released at once. In spite of themselves, most of the nurses were moaning in pleasure from the relief, and I knew that deep down, beyond all the bravado, this is what they truly wanted – that desperate, frothing relief from their ponderous loads of long-held pee.

I watched the scene unfold in a state of awe, somehow tearing my eyes away briefly from the floods of urine now cascading over the floor to note that there were a few strong ones (mostly doctors) on this level of the hospital who continued to contain themselves despite the unbridled relief that most were experiencing. As the puddles finally reached their maximum and bulging bladders deflated, I quickly made my way down to a different floor of the hospital. Had this event triggered a release of pee from any other members of the staff, I wondered. To my surprise, everyone I encountered on that lower level was still dry, still absolutely busting with piss, and still totally unwilling to let it out.

But I was persistent and continued to walk and wait it out. By 1 am, an African-American nurse who couldn’t have yet been out of college succumbed to the mind-numbing, bladder-stretching pressure. Piss hissed out of her like a firehose as she fought and failed to regain control. Again I was struck by just how powerful the girl’s bladder must have been. A girl with a bladder capable of such a gusher had probably never lost control before in her life. But even iron bladders have limits, or so I was finding out. And indeed, the spherical shapes of every woman’s abdomen within 30 feet of this newest wetting girl also flattened.

This time there were a few gasps and even a few shrieks as relief was finally felt for the first time in over a day, perhaps two days for some. Only the strongest of the strong were able to keep their floods locked firmly inside as the majority of women gushed piss through their uniforms and onto the cold, sopping floor. Some of the urine was so dark in color from being kept in for so long that it was nearly orange. I was mesmerized by how everything was playing out. Women whom seemed to have bladders that could hold in an ocean were finding themselves at and passed their impressive limits, exploding pee onto the floor, their clothes, and each other without the ability to stop the flow even a second longer.

Again, after many minutes the myriad of pee finally came to an end. Almost unable to contain myself from what I had just witnessed, I left the dripping women to clean themselves up and returned to a different level of the hospital and my room. Just as I reached the door and entered, a woman came in behind me. I turned and saw Nurse Kelsey, bobbing up and down with a hand over her vagina. Her eyes were wide and frantic, and I recalled that this girl hadn’t taken a single piss break in over 49 hours. “Quick! Go into your bathroom! Ineedthetoilet!” she muttered desperately, motioning to the attached bathroom at the far side of my room. I was slightly confused at having been startled by Kelsey, but without hesitation I did as she said and the poor girl hobbled after me. She slammed the door shut behind her and instantly had her pants and panties around her ankles.

Standing over the toilet, Nurse Kelsey let the tension leave her wracked, aching body and began to pee an incredible stream into the bowl. For five glorious seconds I watched this sexy nurse with a nearly unmatched bladder capacity gush noisily into my toilet, her slit bare before me, but then she cut the flow and nearly yelled out as it stopped. “Fucking hell, that was hard to cut off!” she yelped, continuing to grasp at her sodden vagina.

“What are you doing??” I had to ask her, still unsure at what exactly had just taken place. Kelsey took a few seconds to regain her breath, and her scant bodily control, then answered, “That bitch Chelsea is still holding on! I swear her bladder is made of lead! I can’t let my sis outlast me! But I was about to pop, as you could plainly see! So I just had to let loose a little bit of the pressure, take the edge off, and now I can go on holding. No one will know a thing, because really – look at this bladder bulge! I’m still positively massive!

And since I went in here with you, I can just tell any curious inquirer that I was helping you use the toilet. But listen, no one can know! If anyone finds out that I actually took a piss on duty on PURPOSE, I’ll be handed my walking papers. So please, sweetie, zip your lip about this. It’s the only relief I’ll need to take, honest!” Kelsey spoke about as quickly as anyone can say anything at all, but who was I to refuse her such a request? Especially after the show she’d just given me! I nodded my agreement and Nurse Kelsey hastily exited my room to return to her duties.

No sooner had Kelsey left my vision than Nurse Chelsea sprinted into my room, hands firmly clenching her protruding abdomen. “I can’t hold it any longer! Go! Go! Go!” she cried, pointing me in the direction of the corner bathroom. ‘Twins really do think alike…’, I had time to think to myself before Nurse Chelsea nearly shoved me into the tiny room and shut the door behind us.

For five seconds I was treated to an unobstructed view of Chelsea’s pissing gash, which differed from Kelsey’s only by having a small piercing over the clitoris. Then Chelsea, like her sister, cut the stream, cursing and punching her thigh as she did. I received a very similar explanation from Chelsea about how that “whore” Kelsey just had a bladder that would stretch and stretch, but Chelsea just “knew” she could beat her after this bit of relief. I decided to play nice and kept Chelsea’s secret just the same as I had kept Kelsey’s, and soon Chelsea was back to her rounds, somehow having also cut off a pee 49 hours in the making to continue on with her job.

As Chelsea waltzed out of my room, only relieved in the slightest amount possible, I made another calculated decision. While the entire hospital was currently in shambles, its staff all full on bursting with urine and the majority losing their loads even as I walked to my doorway, I decided to stay within view of my room. Something was telling me I hadn’t seen the last of the twins. They surely hadn’t gotten enough relief with just 5 second jets of piss to last for long.

Another partial pee would be needed to keep the rest of the pee at bay, and I wasn’t going to miss another up close and personal show! Over the next hour I witnessed a few more accidents from big bladdered ladies, their overloaded bladders no longer able to take the pounding of so many untold hours of piss any longer. Still, none but the twins had let go intentionally. Every other woman dutifully held on until the bitter end. It really was astonishing to see such a concerted display of willpower from every member of a group this size. I could only imagine the hiring process at FullHearts…
