The painter girl apprentice !

Author: huberp76

*000*2020-05-11 22:52

A painter girl was in the last year of her professional training.

Since a few days, she worked with three colleagues from her company in a large, new building.

There was some other workers, like electricians, plumbers and more.

There was only men, she was the only girl.

Her superior was was a good looking, young man, just a few years older than she was.

She worked in this apartment house since 4 days. They had to paint the walls, the doors and some more.

On the fourth day afternoon, the girl asked, a little bit shy “ where do you go, if you have to go?”

The guy did take her to the window and showed her some trees outside.

One of the working men was pissing just at this moment at the tree.

”Where do you go?” wanted the man know.

”Nowhere!” answered the girl.

”You don’t wee all day long, you hold it from morning until evening?” he asked.

”Do you not need to go? he asked feige worried .

His pants start to bulging out, just to think how long she did not pee and how full the girls bladder must be after that time.

”Sure i would need to go, today i am needing to go since before noon and now it is totally bad. That is why i asked you.” she said .

„All the days before you did hold it until we were back at the company ?“ he wanted to know.

“You must have a super strong bladder, i admire girls with a strong bladder“ he said.

“ What will you do if you need to go so bad? It will last more then 3 hours until you can finally wee ?“ he wanted to know.

She explained him that she had to get out from the overall to squat and pee and that she would be naked in front of all the men.

So she can do nothing than to hold it! she said.

The guy was total impressed from the girl, she was needing to wee really bad and was standing on a stepladder with her legs far apart.

This girl was suddenly more than a colleague for him, she was a sexy girl who made him totally horny.

It will be great to work with her day by day and her bladder full to burst, he thought to him self.

“How are you?” he wanted to know one hour later.

“ I need to wee really, really, really bad, I nearly do it in my panties “ she answered.

”Could it be that you like it to see me suffer and desperate, like that?” she wanted to know.

The guy did not know what he should say, but then after a few minutes, he said “yes, i love it! It turns me on like crazy! You are so sexy when you need to wee so bad.

Then he asked her if she would be not annoyed about that.

The girl did always admire the young man and she did always dream from a date with him and now she was total happy, that she was sexy for him.

She said that she would be happy that she don’t suffer for nothing, it will be good for her that he enjoy it.

The guy asked her if she would go for a dinner with him.

She agreed, she was happy it was like heaven for her.

The guy said that he has only a big favor, she should not go to the toilet before, she should hold it for him, all through the dinner.

The girl agreed, she would have done everything for this guy, she would let him burst her bladder, if he wanted that.

They worked together and day for day, the girls bladder was swollen and overfilled every afternoons.

She did know very well to make him horny, she opened her overall, pushed her panties down and let him show her swollen belly and let him feel her bulging, hard bladder.

Nearly every second day she went home with him, with her bladder full to burst, she did hold it for him until late evening, until he fucked her long and hard.

I would love to have a girl like that!!!

