A shy and old fashioned girls first date

Author: huberp76

*000*2021-10-11 20:58

A girl had her first date.

She was living with her grandmother in a little down. The old lady was very strict, she had very strict rules and a strict upbringing for the girl, with much discipline.

One of the rules was not to go to the toilet during a date. It would not be common for a girl she told her.

A good, decent girl has to be able, to suppress and to control her bodily needs until the boy bring her home.

The lady did talk about peeing like it would be something evil and something dirty. If a girl go to the toilet at a date it would furthermore bring the boy to think at at the girls vagina.

A decent girl does not go if she is out with a young man.

The boy on the other hand did love it if girls are needing to wee, but don’t go, if girls put it off as long as possible.

They did not know this habits from each other for a long time.

He did always observe the toilet customs from his girls he was dating.

At the first date he noticed that his new girlfriend did not use the toilet only once and he did like that.

The next time they met at forenoon. They had lunch at noon. The girl did not go to the loo. After lunch they went to a shopping mall.

They had coffee and mineral in a coffee shop.The boy went to the toilet, the girl did not go, she was waiting brave at the table for him. She was needing to go too, but no wee on a date, she got told from her grandma.

At evening they decided to go to the the cinema.

The boy was a specialist for girls who are needing to wee, for girls who are holding a full bladder and so he had easily notice that his new girlfriend was needing to wee since afternoon, but she did not go, she did try to hide it and she did not talk about it.

As they arrived at the cinema the girl was already needing to wee really, really bad. She did remember what her grandma said, but she was so full and her belly was so swollen from her overfilled bladder, so she asked the boy with silent voice “may i please use the bathroom before we go in?“

Nearly each other boy would have said “sure you may go, i am waiting for you at the entrance.” But not this boy, he asked her “is that absolutely necessary? The film starts in a few minutes. Can’t you wait until later?”

What should a girl do in such a situation, what should she say ? Should she say “no i can’t wait any longer, I’ll piss my panties if i don’t go now.”

A decent girl would never say something like that and so she said “ no it’s not necessary, i can wait.”although her bladder was hurting and although her urge was painful.”

The boy guessed that she would not wee if he ask her the way he did. To know that she was needing the loo so bad and that she did not go, made him horny and made him think on her full bladder, on her strong urge, at her panties and at her vagina. It was exactly what the girls grandmother said.

The girl was sitting with her thighs hard pressed together.

”Is it bad?” he asked her a little later, as they watched the film.

”What is bad?” she wanted to know .

“I mean your urge to wee. How bad do you need to go? You have not been all day, not even once, i think you poor must need a loo very bad after holding it for so long?”he asked her in a way like he would be worried about her, but in reality he wanted to hear that she is nearly doing it in her panties, he wanted to hear that her bladder is full to burst.

”I am needing to go really bad, but i can wait until i am at home, but we should not talk about it. It is a shame that you know that i would need to wee. A boy should not know if a girl is needing to go ” she answered.

She did try to hide her strong urge, but she could not do that from this boy, he watched and enjoyed every move she made to hold it in and to keep her panties dry.

The girl did not wee when they left the cinema , she went straight pass the toilet and did how she got told from her grandma , she was waiting and holding until at home, she suppressed her strong bodily needs successfull.

The boy did bring her home and kissed her in front of the house door, he pressed his body hard against her body, the girl had her legs tight crossed and he could feel how she tensed her muscles with all her power to hold it in.

He could not get enough to torture her, he pressed his body harder and harder against her swollen bladder. The girl was squirming from needing to wee so bad, but she did let him kiss her and she did let him torture her bladder.

After he kissed her goodbye he said “ where are you going first when you get in?” and smiled at her.

She did not answer his question, but they did both know very well where she will go, there where she was needing to go since so many hours.

As she went in, it was like her grandma said, the boy thought at his girlfriends vagina, he did imagine how powerful her pissjet must be, with how much pressure her wee would coming out from her girl slit, after holding it for so long.

The next two or three dates were peeing not a theme, they did not talk about it, she did not ask for a toilet, she simply did not go.

The boy wanted to test her holding ability and her bladder endurance.

She was good in holding, but no girl can hold it forever, he wanted to push her to her absolutely limit, but how could he do that?

He had the idea to spend a day with her, he knows now that she would not use the loo and then he would not bring her home, he would take her to his room, for some drinks, for to watch a video and to cuddle with her.

What will she do if he make her stay until late at night, will she ask for the loo, will she beg him to be allowed to take a very urgent wee, or would she hold it until he bring her home?

Sure he would torture her, he would make her drink, he would cuddle her in a way that he would lie on her overfilled bladder, that he would press and push hard on it!!!

Can she endure that without a wee, without to leak, without to piss her panties?

