How do you like the panties from a desperate girl - dry or wet?

Author: huberp76

*000*2019-12-26 23:10

I like a girls panty - wet and dry!

Maybe you remember Renate, the girl from my story “ I made a girl hold it all day long “?

I made Renate wait until she could not hold it anymore, I made her hold until she was starting to leak.

She walked for hours beside me with her panties wet from her pee.

She told me that she was leaking, but she did not piss herself. She was waiting until I did let her go.

On the other side it is so great for me that a little piece of fabric between a girls thighs, just over her slit can keep a girl from peeing.

A girl could easily pee through the fabric, the panty could not really stop her to piss, but a good girl don’t wet her panties, not even if she is full to burst, not even if her bladder is swollen and bulging, not even it is painful for her to hold it.

A girl has to wait and her panties have to stay dry!

How do you like the panties of a desperate girl?

Dry or wet?

*004*2019-12-28 11:39

{{On 12/27/2019 at 1:54 AM, Lapiiss said:

I really *really* enjoy the fantasy of an utterly bursting girl, who has been made to hold a whole day (or maybe two or three!) yet still, she manages to keep her panties totaly dry. Her quivering pussy contains all that churning piss and not even a drop leaks out and stains that thin, fabric covering. No matter how long you make her wait, until she's red in the face and soaked in sweat. If she were to remove her panties and hand them to you, still holding her tinkle back of course, and you were to give them a deep sniff... you would detect not a hint of ammonia~

That's the perfect vision for me.

}}

Thank you for your answer.

This vision would be perfect for me too!

The girl is made to hold it all day or longer, she utterly needs to wee.

No matter how long she has to hold it, she is able to keep her panties dry.

But I think that every girl will wet her panties if you don’t let her go long enough, if you make her hold it long enough!!??

*008*2019-12-31 11:17

I think we all here on this forum, like pee and pee holding, maybe in a little different way.

Some like girls, some like boys and some both, like I do.

Some like it to watch someone pee.

Some like it to see someone wet them self.

Some like it to watch someone hold it.

I like all of that!

I like to see a girl squad with her panties down on her knees, to hear a loud hissing sound and to see her pissing with high pressure, extreme long, is turning me on total.

The more and the longer the girl piss the more I get aroused.

To see how much she did pee and to imagine that she was holding all that great amount of wee in her bladder, to imagine how bad she must had to go and how long she was holding it, makes me horny.

I like holding more than wetting. I like to watch a girl hold it with all her willpower and with all her body power.

It is arousing for me too, if she can’t hold it anymore, if she wee a few drops in her panty, like “my” Renate did.

Renate did wear a short skirt and knee socks, her knees and her thighs was nude although it was cold .

It is a extra turn on for me, cold weather and naked thighs.

I did not let Renate go to the loo, after she was holding it for a long time, , she could not hold it anymore, she weed a few drops in her panties.

I could see the wee running down on her nude thighs and I could see how her white knee socks turned yellow at the top.

She did not piss herself, she could hold it for hours more, this way, but her panties where wet.

It was total arousing for me, but my favorites are longtime holdings and no wee at all!

The longer a girl has to hold it, the more arousing is it for me!

She should do all that what a girl can do, to keep her panties dry.

No wee for a girl,even she is full to burst.

I love it if a girl go to sleep with her bladder full from the day and I love it if a girl can’t do her morning pee, if she has to hold her morning pee all day long.

I love to see her flat belly swollen and her bladder bulging out.

I love to feel her bladder with my hand, i love to press on it, to massage it !

*009*2020-01-03 22:44

{{On 12/28/2019 at 4:39 PM, Despfan said:

I prefer them dry. I actually am not a big fan of wetting, I only really like the holding part of it. The longer they can keep it in, the better!!

}}

Yes, I like that too, the longer a girl can hold it in, the more i like it.

The longer she did not wee, the more I get aroused.

Just to know that a girl did not go all day long, makes my horny.

*010*2020-01-06 08:57

{{On 12/27/2019 at 5:56 AM, wether said:

Dry, buy possibly not totally dry. There may be few drops, but not a total wetness.

}}

I like to see a girl fight, with all her power, to keep her panties dry. The longer better.

Only to know that she did not pee for a very long time, is total arousing for me.

I like it too, if she can’t hold it anymore and wee a few drops in her panties, but hold it for hours longer.

I love situations, when her panties are a little bit wet, her bladder full to burst and nowhere to go for her.

