An Inquisitor’s Mission - A Warhammer 40k Story

Author: Hyde

*000*2025-02-18 17:38

The planet was a nightmare made flesh. Once a thriving agri-world, it had been reduced to a desolate wasteland by the Tyranid swarm. The air was thick with the stench of biomass, and the ground pulsed faintly, as if the planet itself was alive. Amberley Vail, Inquisitor of the Ordo Xenos, adjusted her grip on her inferno pistol and took a cautious step forward. Her boots sank slightly into the spongy, organic terrain, and she suppressed a shudder.

Amberley was dressed in her signature attire, a blend of practicality and elegance befitting her station. Her long, grey coat was reinforced with lightweight carapace armor, its edges trimmed with black and gold filigree that glinted faintly in the dim light. Beneath the coat, she wore a fitted bodysuit of dark grey synth-fiber, designed to protect against environmental hazards while allowing for maximum mobility. Her pants, made of the same material, clung snugly to her legs, their smooth, matte finish giving her a sleek, professional appearance. 

The fabric was durable yet flexible, designed to withstand the rigors of combat, but now it felt like a second skin, amplifying her discomfort. A silver Inquisitorial rosette hung prominently from her belt, a symbol of her authority. Her boots were knee-high and reinforced with adamantium plating, though they did little to muffle the squelching sounds as she moved. Her blonde hair, usually meticulously styled, was tied back in a loose braid, strands of it escaping falling around her face. Her piercing green eyes scanned the horizon with a mixture of determination and unease.

She was not alone. A squad of Tempestus Scions accompanied her, their hellguns at the ready. They moved in silence, their faces obscured by rebreathers and visors. Amberley had insisted on leading this mission personally. The Tyranid presence on this planet was unlike anything she had encountered before, and she needed to gather intelligence at any cost.

###

The mission began smoothly enough. The team moved through the ruins of a once-thriving city, now reduced to a labyrinth of organic growths and pulsating biomass. The Tyranids had stripped the planet bare, leaving only their grotesque structures in their wake. Amberley’s inferno pistol hummed softly in her hand, its plasma coils glowing faintly. She kept her other hand close to her power sword, its hilt adorned with intricate engravings of the Emperor’s blessings.

But as they ventured deeper, the atmosphere grew oppressive. The air was thick with spores, and the distant screeches of Tyranid creatures echoed through the ruins. Amberley’s heart pounded in her chest, and she found herself glancing over her shoulder more often than she cared to admit. The Scions remained stoic, but even they seemed uneasy. The Tyranids were terrifying creatures after all, it was only natural to be on edge.

Then, it happened.

A deafening roar shattered the silence, and the ground beneath them trembled. From the shadows emerged a Carnifex, its massive form towering over the ruins. The Scions opened fire, their hellguns spitting bolts of energy, but the creature’s chitinous armor absorbed the shots with ease. Amberley fired her inferno pistol, the plasma blast searing a hole in the Carnifex’s side, but it barely slowed the beast down.

“Fall back!” she shouted, her voice barely audible over the chaos. The team retreated into a nearby structure, but the Carnifex was relentless. It smashed through the walls as if they were paper, its claws tearing through the air with terrifying speed.

Amberley’s mind raced. She had faced Tyranids before, but being face-to-face with a Carnifex was a different story. The sheer size and ferocity of the Carnifex were overwhelming, and for the first time in her career, she felt a pang of genuine fear. Her hands trembled as she reloaded her pistol, and they continued to go further into the structure to try and escape.

###

The team managed to evade the Carnifex, but the ordeal left them shaken. They took refuge in a partially intact building, its walls covered in pulsating Tyranid growths. Amberley leaned against a wall, trying to steady her breathing. Her heart was still racing, and her stomach churned with anxiety. She glanced at the Scions, who were checking their equipment and tending to minor injuries. None of them seemed to notice her distress, but she could feel the weight of her fear pressing down on her.

And then, she felt it.

A sudden, urgent pressure in her bladder. Amberley clenched her teeth, cursing under her breath. She had been so focused on the mission that she hadn’t thought to relieve herself before they set out. Now, the adrenaline and fear had caught up to her, and the need was becoming unbearable.

She tried to ignore it, focusing on the mission. But the pressure only grew worse, and she found herself shifting uncomfortably from foot to foot. Her synth-fiber bodysuit clung to her skin, and she could feel every movement amplifying her discomfort. She glanced around, searching for a private spot, but the building offered no such luxury. The Scions were too close, and she couldn’t afford to show weakness in front of them.

Minutes passed, and the pressure became agonizing. Amberley’s face flushed with embarrassment as she realized she might not be able to hold it much longer. She clenched her fists, her nails digging into her palms, and tried to distract herself by reviewing the mission objectives. But her thoughts kept returning to her predicament, and the fear of humiliation only made it worse.

###

It happened suddenly. A loud crash echoed through the building, and Amberley’s heart leapt into her throat. She spun around, her pistol raised, expecting another Tyranid attack. But it was just a piece of debris falling from the ceiling. The Scions barely reacted, but the shock was enough to push Amberley over the edge.

She felt a warm, wet sensation spreading between her legs, and her eyes widened in horror. She tried to stop it, pressing her thighs together tightly and using her free hand to clamp down on herself in a desperate attempt to stem the flow. But it was no use. The pressure was too great, and her body kept letting go..

The warmth spread rapidly, soaking through the front of her grey pants. The dark grey fabric darkened visibly as the stream spread, the stain creeping down her thighs and pooling where her boots met her knees. The synth-fiber material, usually smooth and matte, now clung to her skin, the wetness seeping through to the back of her pants as well. The fabric clung uncomfortably to her thighs and her ass, she could feel it running down the back of her legs. The liquid pooling at the at the tops of her knee-high boots started to filter through the small gaps between her legs and the tight boots, starting to fill them. Where there weren’t gaps it would overflow the tops and down the rest of her legs. Warm liquid running down both the inside and outside of her boots, seeping into the seams and trickling down, soaking the lining and making her feet feel damp and uncomfortable. A small puddle formed at her feet, starting to pool on the uneven floor before running off in multiple directions.

Amberley’s face burned with shame as she realized what had happened. She had wet herself, like a frightened child. Her breath hitched, and she felt tears prick at the corners of her eyes. She wanted to scream, to cry, to disappear. But she forced herself to remain calm, her Inquisitorial training kicking in. She straightened her posture, her expression hardening into a mask of determination. The Scions hadn’t noticed, and she intended to keep it that way. Her pants were soaked however, and anyone taking one glace would notice the now two tone pattern they previously didn’t have.

—

The mission continued, but Amberley’s focus was shattered. She continued to lead the group and positioned her jacket in a way she hoped the dark patterned couldn’t be seen from the back. She moved mechanically, her mind replaying the humiliating moment over and over. Her bodysuit clung uncomfortably to her skin, and she could feel the dampness with every step. The stain on her pants was unmistakable, and she prayed to the Emperor that the Scions wouldn’t notice. But every glance in her direction felt like a dagger to her pride.

As the team extracted from the planet, Amberley’s embarrassment only grew. She could feel the weight of her failure pressing down on her, and the shame was almost unbearable. She had always prided herself on her composure, her ability to remain calm in the face of danger. But now, she felt like a fraud. The Tyranids had tested her, and she had failed. Even then it wasn’t even the Tyranids that pushed her over the edge, just some random debris. She couldn’t believe that’s all it took.

When they finally reached the safety of their ship, Amberley retreated to her quarters without a word, she kept her jacket closed as opposed to her normal open look. She took off her boots first and a decent quantity of urine poured out of them. The parts of her grey pants contained in the boots kept the wet appearance opposed to the portion outside the boots which had started to dry a little. Her hands trembling with humiliation as she looked at her legs.In the privacy of her quarters, Amberley allowed herself a moment of vulnerability. She sank to her knees, her head in her hands, and let the tears flow. She had always been strong, always been in control. But now, she felt broken, her pride shattered by a moment of weakness. She vowed to never let it happen again, to never let fear control her. But deep down, she knew that the memory would haunt her for the rest of her days.

*003*2025-03-02 21:51

{{16 hours ago, Krieger963 said:

God Emperor, grant me strength while my enemies pound and howl.

(I humbly request Lotara Sarrin next, if you do any more)

}}

I can consider it

*005*2025-03-03 19:57

There’s a lot of options for another story I will have to think about it ^^

