Anderson's Potty Emergency

Author: HaruhiSuzumiya

*000*2019-02-24 01:56

This was part of a story trade, the author told me to write a story based on an episode of a 90s cartoon called Life with Louie, so... here you go...

I had just left my job to go see my son's school play. My co-workers didn't want me to leave because there was so much work unfinished, but I care about my son, too! I noticed I had to use the bathroom. Looking at my watch, I said, "I should really make a pit stop." However, knowing my son was more important, I decided against it. "Ehhh, the play must go on."

Welp, next thing I know, here I was at my son's school play. I hadn't got the chance to use the bathroom yet, but maybe I could do it now? The sight of a bubbling cauldron filled with water reminded me of how much I needed to go.

"Oh man," I said, crossing my legs and overall desperate to go, "excuse me, I'll be right back!"

As I got up to leave, my wife stopped me. "Andy, wait," she said. "It's almost intermission now; be polite!"

"Because how polite would it be if I had a little flood in here?" I told her. She'd be laughing like everyone else in the audience would be. I just know it.

My son, riding a horse, approached the princess in the play, speaking in what sounded like a foreign language. But I had no damns to give about my son nor the crappy grade-school levels of acting (granted, this WAS a grade school play after all) as I just wanted to get to a toilet and piss.

"What'd he say? I must be so backed up my ears are clogging!" I joked.

Suddenly, the curtains closed; the teacher came out on stage and said "And that's the end of Act 1!" She held up a sign that read "Intermission." Finally! It was my chance! But as soon as I got up to go, my wife pulled me back in my seat.

"Ssshhh, it's starting again!" she said as the curtains re-opened.

God! I crossed my legs. "You can't be serious!" I said. "How could he do this to me!" I tried to focus on the play for now.

"To save the princess," my son said, "I must traverse this waterfall!" Did he just say "waterfall"? If so, heaven help me. And lo and behold, there was a giant waterfall, again reminding me of how much I needed to go! Just what I need: more water!

"This is un-American," I said to myself.

Finally, after what seemed like an hour, my son reached the princess and was about to kiss her, when I noticed a kid sipping soda next to me. It was bad enough that it was taking a long time for my son to kiss the princess, but I couldn't stand yet another reminder of how much I needed to go.

"Would you kiss her already?" I said out loud. Suddenly, I heard another burst of water coming from outside and yelled in agony; I looked to the window, saw the sprinklers were running, and panicked. I was going to flood my pants! And that is something a man my age should NOT be doing!

Finally, my son kissed the princess. Everyone in the audience cheered, including myself, because I could use the bathroom at last. After seeing my son get kissed for real by the girl playing the princess, I stood up to leave, but my wife stopped me yet again. What do you want?!

"So Andy, how did you get away from work?"

"Well, I finished, so I left."

"You left work because you knew how important it was to see your son's play."

"It's 'cause of the free popcorn!" Without thinking of the consequences, I grabbed a kid's popcorn tub right out of his hands.

"Hey, that's mine!" he yelled, but I didn't listen.

Wait - what if the popcorn could be used as an excuse? "In fact, I'm gonna get some right now," I said hastily as I scooped some popcorn from the kid's tub and ate it, before running from my wife to the bathroom. "Make way, I'm gonna blow!"

I ran through the school hallway to the men's room, as I really was going to blow. "Ah, just my..." I swung the door open to see the stalls out of order. And I mean all the stalls. "...luck..." I collapsed to my knees, legs crossed, holding my crotch. I was very close to wetting myself, and the only stall was out of order? FUCK! Luckily, in my state of panic, I didn't happen to see a sign pointing to the other restroom in the school. I had to run to get there, and FAST, before I made a mess - and fool - out of myself!

However, as I sprinted down the hall holding my pee, I recognize a few of my old high school buddies, and they recognize me.

"Hey Andy! How's it been!" they said, stopping me. "...What's the hurry?" one of them asked me.

Embarrassed, I admitted, "I have to use the bathroom, and fast!"

"Can't you just listen to use for a few minutes? My son was in the school play too, he was playing the bad guy, did you see him? He's on a swim team I coach at the local pool. You should see him do the backstroke through the water, he's a pro out there!" All this mention of water was reminding me of my need to use the bathroom, and also making me ready to pop. Just then, one of my old friends spilled their Poland Spring they were holding, and I felt as if I were going to explode.

"Goodbye!" I said in a hurry. I grabbed my crotch and dashed from the scene of the spilled water, continuing my flight to the other side of the school.

Just when I thought I was going to burst, I reached the other bathroom. "Ah..." I swung open the door, and walked in... there was a huge line. Multiple lines, in fact. "...just my luck!” Oh, crap. If I wanna relieve myself, I've gotta fight for it! I have to wait in this line just liked I waited throughout that entire play for a chance! Minutes pass as I wait, second by goddamn second, for a stall to open for me. As the toilets and sinks go off, water all around me, I feel drops of piss start to come out. Yes, I was practically wetting myself by now! I was mentally yelling in agony and fear. When? When will this end? God almighty, won't one of these fucking stalls be free soon? FINALLY, after what seemed like an eternity, I heard a toilet flush and saw someone walk out, then I realized I was at the front of the line! Yes! I can finally pee! Or so I thought...

Just as I was walking into the stall, guess what happens next. GUESS WHAT HAPPENS NEXT. Someone pulled me away from the stall, yes, THEY PULLED ME AWAY FROM THE STALL, and outside the bathroom onto a chair. I felt a spurt of piss leak out of my bladder again. Not only that, but I happened to look down and see a little stain on side of my leg! It was barely noticeable, but I was losing control and I didn't want to make a scene. So my wife, the culprit behind this, starts talking to me.

"Do you have the car keys? I need to start the car!"

"Jesus Christ! I was just about to use the bathroom! I've been needing to go for almost an hour!"

"Can't you just wait till we get home?"

"No!"

My wife pushed me down; she was checking my pockets and even my shoes for the car keys, which were in my wallet in my shirt pocket, by the way. My wife took my shoe off and lifted my leg, which made my pee harder to hold in. I began shaking in agony, silently cursing my wife under my breath; I watched her rip my sock off when I noticed a nearby water fountain and a kid drinking from it. WHAT THE FUCK? WHAT'S WITH ALL THE GODDAMN WATER I'VE ENCOUNTERED SO FAR? DO YOU HAVE TO REMIND ME OF HOW MUCH I WANT TO GO TO THE GODDAMN BATHROOM? Suddenly, I felt a painful rumble in his abdomen. I was gonna BLOW! I hopped off the chair, ran fast as I could from my wife, and back to the bathroom to the stall...

But the door was locked. Some fucking couple were arguing in there, and they had to go so far as to LOCK THE FUCKING DOOR! What kind of argument gets so heated you have to LOCK THE FUCKING DOOR in order for it to go on?

"Would you hurry up? I need to go!" I yelled, banging on the stall door.

"Can you just wait?" the wife of the couple said.

"No, I'm not gonna make it in time-" all of a sudden, I felt more leakage from my bladder. I pulled on the doorknob to the stall, panicking, as I felt the drops drip down my leg more and more. I WAS GOING TO FUCKING EXPLODE AND THEY WON'T LET ME IN! WHY GOD, WHY? WHY DO YOU DO THIS TO ME? I AM ACTUALLY GOING TO BURST! Looks like my thoughts came true, as just then, I officially couldn't hold it in anymore and lost control completely.

“Oh no, no...NOOOOOOOOO! OH PLEASE GOD NOOOO!”

I froze in fear as I felt my boxers flood with water like it was a major city in a hurricane. My pants were soaked, drenched, just like the many instances of water I ran into on my misadventure to get to the bathroom... which I sadly couldn't use now as I went in my pants. Everyone in the stall was looking at me, some were even laughing, like I was some little kid who wasn't potty-trained. I dropped to my knees, defeated and humiliated. This was the first and only time I've ever done this in my life, and I like to think it never happened; in fact, because I was so goddamn humiliated and frustrated, I never said a word to anyone on the drive back home, not even my son. Proud of seeing my son's school play my ass. That fucking show got me into a lot of trouble.

THE END

The first part starts off wooden but that's because I was copying the episode, afterwards I had more creative control with it.

