Peter’s Date’s !

Author: huberp76

*000*2024-05-20 21:38

Peter tests always the girls pee habits and their holding performance at his dates.

He don’t give the girl a natural opportunity to use a toilet and is waiting how long it will last until the girl admits that she is needing to wee, or I until she asks for a toilet.

Some girls are weak, they use two or three times to the toilet during one date, but some girls are strong and don’t go even once.

With one of the strong girls made Peter a day outing.

They made a hike through the woods, combined with a picnic.

Peter had a blanket for to rest and to lie somewhere and he had enough to eat and to drink in his rucksack for to spend all day long away from restaurants and shops.

They did leave early in the morning and were back late at afternoon at the car for to drive home.

The girl was already sitting inside the car. Peter closed the boot, turned then to the bushes and started to piss before he did get in.

As soon as he was inside he started the engine and not before he was already driving he said “ sorry, but that must have been, i was needing to do that since hours.”

They had both not pissed even once the entire day and Peter didn’t want to give the girl a chance to squat somewhere before leaving, the girls bladder should stay full and should get fuller and therefore he asked her as they were already driving “you didn’t wee the entire day, don’t you not need to go as well?”

”Sure i would need to go, like you i am needing to go since hours, but i can hold it.” answered the girl.

Peter was getting turned on to hear that the girl was needing to wee since hours and that her bladder was very full, but he wanted to hear that she can’t hold it much longer, he wanted to hear that he should stop somewhere on the way home to let her do a much needed wee before she will wet her panties.

Then he wanted to make her wait and hold for so long as any possible, but that girl was a strong girl, she said that she would be able to suppress her urge until at home.

Peter was a sadist about to torture a girls bladder and about to make a girl desperate to pee, therefore he took two bottles coke from the cool box in the boot before he was getting in the car and gave it the girl.

”For the journey.” he said, gave her the bottle in her hand and urged her to drink before it would get warm.

He wanted to fill the girls full bladder fuller and he wanted to make her already strong urge stronger, he wanted to make her desperate before she could wee at her home.

“She is needing to wee since hours, but she can hold it,” she said as she did get in the car.

”How long can she hold it?” asked Peter himself.

He wanted to hear that she can’t hold it anymore but that she nevertheless had to hold it and therefore she had to drink and he didn’t want to bring her home so soon.

He did not use the motorway, he did use the country road and he stopped again and again at some villages to make a kind of sight seeing tour with her.

In reality he wanted to extend the time until the girl could finally wee at home, he wanted to make her hold and he wanted to hear her begging for a loo, or for to squat somewhere.

It was already 3 hours since they were in the car, the coke bottles were empty and Peter’s bladder was full again, he was needing to piss again.

The girl was still holding it!!!!

She was holding all that what Peter pissed before they were leaving the woods and she was holding all that what he had again in his bladder.

She was holding all that amount of urine inside her young, slim body.

“She must be full to explode, her poor girl bladder must be near to burst.” thought Peter and was horny as hell.

About a half an hour before they were back in their city said the girl “ you can’t imagine what will be the first thing what i will do when i am at home.”

” Sure i can!!!” answered Peter. “You go to the toilet for to piss. You must be full to burst. I can’t believe that you are able to hold it for so long, i need to go again very bad and you have not gone even once.

How can you endure that, how can you bear up so long without a wee?” asked Peter with a trembling voice.

”I am good trained, i have trained myself. I did never use the school toilets. I am able to endure one day without a wee, but now i am near my limit. My bladder is big as a bowling ball and i think as hard as well like a bowling ball.” answered the girl and caressed her swollen belly and her bulging bladder.

”Oh my God, you can’t even imagine how much you turn me, you can’t imagine how much it turns me on that your bladder is so full and that you are needing to wee so bad, you can’t imagine how much i love that!!” said Peter put his hand on her belly and pressed hard on the girl’s pregnant bladder.

The girl moaned and whined from needing to wee so bad and so urgently.

”Your bladder is so firm, so big and so hard!! Does it not hurt you to have the bladder so much overfilled?” asked Peter full of lust and horniness.

”It is already painful, but i can stand it.” answered the girl calmly.

The girl was proud about her bladder control and about her ability to hold it for so long and she was horny by herself to be able to turn Peter on so much with her holding performance.

I think that was not their last date!!!

*001*2024-05-23 21:22

“She is needing to wee so urgently that it is already painful, but she can stand it.” she said some minutes before.

”How much longer can she bear up?? Her bladder is so full that it hurts, but she is nevertheless not begging for a pee stop, she is willing to endure the painful need to pee until at home!! What a great girl i have got!” Thought Peter to himself.

Peter wanted more of this girl, more of her pee urge and more of her overfilled bladder.

He did not want that all that horniness would be over in just a half an hour.

He wanted to make her hold longer, he wanted to hear her begging for a stop.

She should need to wee so bad and frantic that she would be ready to squat beside the car just to be able to let the urine out what she have stored for the entire day in her “girl bladder “ which is full to explode.

Her only desire should be to piss her “ piss urge pain” away, but then he would not stop for her, then he wanted to make her hold it longer.

Just then when he was lost in his perverse thoughts was the girl rubbing her knees and said “oh my gosh i am needing to wee so very, very bad.”

”I know it and i love it!!!!” said Peter and pressed hard in the girls lower abdomen.

The girl moaned and was squirming from need and urge.

”You asked me just before if it is not painful to have the bladder that full and to hold it for so long and i told you that i can stand it until at home, but if you push and press on it so hard it is getting unbearable.”said the girl still calm and not angry.

”What will happen if i press harder? Would you wet your panties then?

How much longer would you be able to hold it if you had to?

What do you think, how much wee are you already holding?

Did you ever measure how much you are maximally able to hold?” asked Peter and pressed again on the girl’s swollen bladder.

The girl did like it to be able to turn Peter on with her full bladder.

She is not that super sexy girl what most of the boys love.

She is skinny, but she has a very big and a very robust bladder and she likes Peter and would be ready to do nearly everything for him.

Peter on the other hand likes exactly girls like her and he was so much impressed and aroused about her bladder control, about her holding performance and about her willingness to hold it.

“So many questions at once, I’ll try to answer them one after the other.

No, i think that i would not wet my panties if you press harder.

I am needing to wee really bad after holding it for so long, but i can endure more, i can hold it longer.

I think that i know very well how much i am holding at the moment, because i measured some times my output after the school when it was very urgently.

I am holding now about 1.100 ml and the very most i had ever hold was 1.250 ml.” answered the girl.

” But one last question. “Would you hold it for me?” asked Peter bashful.

”If you like that so much, i would do that, i would suffer for you and i would torture my bladder for you, but i have to be at home before midnight and i can’t take you to my home.” answered the girl.

” You mean that you would be able to hold it until past midnight?” said Peter.

”I don’t know but i would try it for you.” replied the girl.

”So great that you would fill your bladder to the limit for me and it is a pity that we don’t have time enough, but i have an idea. We have a little bit over 2 more hours, you drink 2 bottles coke and hold it until you are at home. I think that your bladder will then be full to the limit?? Would you do that for me?? I would love that so much.” was Peter begging.

”Okay, I’ll do it for you, but i don’t want to wet my panties. You bring me to a quiet place where i can hold it as long as possible, but where i can squat before i can’t hold it anymore.” said the girl.

*002*2024-05-25 22:10

Peter was so excited and so horny. The girl was needing to wee since so long, her bladder was so full, she was needing to go so urgently, but she was willing to suppress her urge and to overfill her already painful overfilled bladder even more for him.

He could see and feel the fullness of her bladder and he wanted to fill that sexy thing in her slim belly to the size of a soccer ball and she did let him do that!

Peter didn’t want to lose time, he stopped at the first opportunity, took 2 coke’s from the boot, opened one bottle and gave it to the girl.

Kate, so was her name said “ I really don’t know where i will have space for all that liquid, my bladder is so full, i think it is already stretched to double size.” but she did take the bottle and started to drink.

Peter stopped the car in front of a little quiet park outskirts of the town, a park with trees and bushes and some benches. It was pretty dark and there were no people.

Peter didn’t want to stay for 2 hours in the car, he wanted to walk with the girl, he wanted to see her move, he wanted to see her cross her legs, to bend over, rubbing her knees and to do all that things what girls are doing when they are needing to wee so very, very urgently.

Kate’s second bottle was already empty when they were getting out of the car.

A half an hour later was Kate frantic for to piss, her pee need was getting inhuman and unbearable. She could no more walk normally. She was bending over and was rubbing her thighs at each other at every step.

Sometimes she stopped, pressed both hands between her naked thighs and crossed the thighs tightly over her hands.

”I did my best, i am at my limit! May i squat now behind the bushes?” was Kate begging.

”No you may not, we have enough time left. One more hour will be not too long for you, you will be able to hold it for so long.” answered Peter, took her in his arms, took her firm ass with both hands and pressed her thin body hard against his body and kissed her.

His bone hard penis squeezed very hard against her bursting full bladder.

Peter did that for purpose, he wanted to torture the girls bladder very hard, he could not get enough of it, but for the poor girl was that too much.

She squalled, knotted her legs, but she could no more prevent that she pissed a strong jet of urine in her panties.

A few drops of wee were running down on the nude skin of her sexy legs.

”Did you naughty girl wet your panties?” asked Peter gleefully and sadistic and smudged the wee drops with his hand on the skin of her slim upper thighs.

”You are a little liar, you told me that you wouldn’t wet your panties, not even when i press very hard on your sexy, little toy bladder. Why are you getting so weak?” asked Peter sarcastic.

” That is not fair, i am not weak. I need to wee since early afternoon. When i did get in the car it was already very urgently, but i said that i can wait until at home, because i thought that it will last just one hour, but then you made sight seeing with me for hours and after all that you made me drink so much.

My bladder is about to explode, i really need to go now, i can’t any longer. I have to pee now!” answered Kate.

”You promised to me that you will hold it for me until your limit. Is that your absolutely limit?” asked Peter.

”I don’t know, but i know that i was never before needing to wee worse than now, but i’ll try to hold it even a little longer for you, but i can’t walk anymore, bring me back to the car.” said Kate.

Peter did always dream about to make a girl hold until she can’t any longer. He wanted to see a girl who can’t bear up any longer. He did know that is sadism pure and torture pure what is doing with her, but he wanted to use the chance and therefore he was leading her to the car without to let her piss before.

Peter was needing to pee as well very urgently again, but decided to hold it. He was afraid that Kate would squat as soon as she see him pee.

He must be ready to torture himself to torture the girl even more.

*003*2024-05-27 11:34

Peter was needing to piss so bad, but he could not go because of Kate.

He was sure that she would not watch him a second time without to piss as well.

He was needing to pee very urgently and he could not even imagine how frantic the girl must have needed that.

She didn’t wee the entire day!

She told him that she is trained to hold and that she is able to endure not to wee a entire school day, sometimes from early morning until evening, but now it is night and he made her to drink so much. Her bladder must be full to explode.

”Can a girl’s bladder explode?” he asked himself.

”No, she would piss herself long before.” he gave himself the answer.

He did read at some sadomasochistic Foren that girls did get plugged up their piss holes sometimes for 2 days for punishment from their masters.

They have to hold back the urine from 2 days in their bladders.

The girls bladders gets big as a pumpkin but they don’t burst, therefore he didn’t have to worry about Kates bladder, he could enjoy the fullness of her bladder and her ultra strong urge to wee without that he has to worry.

As they were back to the car she crossed her sexy naked legs and said “ Peter, i think i can’t no longer, i HAVE to wee now!! I am afraid that I’ll wet your seat if i get in.”

”Oh no, we have n more than a half an hour left. I have an idea.” he said and opened the boot, did take the blanket out and putted on the car seat.

Then he opened her skirt and pulled it down to her feet. “It would be too bad if you would wet that pretty skirt.” said Peter and smiled.

He was wondering that the girl did let him do that and pulled her T-shirt too over her head.

Kate was standing now nearly naked in front of him.

She had nothing else than a little white panty on her slim wonderful body. Her thin lower abdomen was swollen and her so much overfilled bladder was visible bulging out.

The white panties were wet and yellow between her super sexy thighs.

Peter pushed the wet fabric off her panties in the girl’s slit and said “You have been pretty naughty down there.”

Kate crossed her thighs over Peter’s hand and squeezed his finger very tight with her young tight girl slit.

”Let me piss now, i am needing it like never before in my whole life. My bladder can’t stand it anymore and there is still so much coke on the way, let me wee, i really can’t bear up any longer.” was Kate begging.

”Of course you can! Cross your legs and squeeze your slit tight as hard as you can!” answered Peter opened the door and made the girl sit inside on the blanket.

Kate for herself would like it much more to spread thighs and to open her horny young slit for to get fucked from her crush, but with her bladder that full would that be absolutely impossible, she would piss as soon as she uncross her legs.

Peter was now sitting beside the so much suffering girl and was horny as hell to watch the girl hold her wee back with all her bodily power and with all her willpower.

She moaned, she was breathing heavily, she squeezed her naked thighs with both of her hands and said “ i could not even imagine how much it can hurt to hold the wee back for so long.”

”You are so great, you do it so good and i love it so much what you are doing!” said Peter kneaded the girls firm breast, kissed her and caressed tenderly her pregnant bladder.

On and off he pressed soft on her big hard bladder to make her moan a little louder and to see her trembling from the effort to prevent to make her little panties not more wet as they already were.

Amazing what the girl is letting him do with her, amazing what she is doing for him!!!

More and more of the 2 bottles coke became to wee and pressed with power in her poor bladder what was already hard as a rock.

About a half an hour later, a half an hour of torture pure, said Kate that they will have to go now, because she has to be at home before midnight.

Peter had to let her go now, he was getting out, opened the door for Kate and helped her to get out.

As soon as she was outside, was she bending over and had her hands pressed against her slit where the wee wanted to come out so bad and so urgently.

She pulled her panty down on her thighs and stepped out with one leg.

She had no more time to step out with the second leg, the panty was still on one of her super sexy upper thighs as she was squatting.

She started to piss before she was totally squatting, she was no more able to hold it for some seconds longer.

The girl pissed and pissed and pissed, she jetted her wee out with high pressure, it was hissing extremely loud, she pissed in a wide curve extrem far.

Peter had never before seen a girl pissing so much and so powerful.

As the girl was finally empty, he wanted to piss as well, but he couldn’t, he was hard as a bone, he pressed very hard, but not even one drop was coming out of his full bladder.

Kate urged to go now because it was already late, Peter had to put his dick back in his shorts and had to go back in the car with a very, very full bladder and a very strong urge.

He thought to himself “ Maybe that was my punishment for torturing that girl so much!”

On the way to her home was it oppositional, he was full to burst and the girl was empty.

That was totally wrong in his eyes, he did think about a way to punish her for that situation and so he said “ Your holding performance is pretty good, but at our next date you have to show me your absolute limit, it will be good if you don’t wee in the morning before we meet.”

The girl became wide eyes and said “ that WAS my limit. That was the most i ever was holding in my bladder. My poor bladder and all my belly is still hurting from holding so much for so long.”

” You can endure more, no morning wee next time!!!” answered Peter and pressed with one hand deep in her belly.

*004*2024-06-02 06:26

He pressed again hard and deep in the girl’s abdomen and he wished that there would be a full bladder inside her belly, a very full bladder, a full bladder for to torture!

But at the moment the only bladder which was getting tortured was his own bladder.

That was absolutely wrong in his eyes. In his philosophy and in his imagination should the girl’s bladder’s get overfilled and tortured.

The girl’s should knots their legs to hold their wee back even if they are already full to burst, but not the boy’s.

Girls should get punished for to be girls!

Girls have to squat for to piss, they can’t pull their panties down. They can’t squat and spread their thighs for to piss so easy somewhere.

They can’t show us boy’s their pissing cunt’s. Girls have to hold it, maybe for the entire day, or for much longer if it will be necessary!!

They have to train their bladders to hold it and they should have to learn to endure the pain of an overfilled bladder for hours, thought Peter to himself.

”How much longer would Kate have been able to hold it back before ?” asked Peter himself.

At the same moment said Kate” You said next time i should not wee in the morning, i should skip my morning pee and should hold my pee back for you! Does that mean that we will have an another date?”

Kate was so excited, she was lucky and happy about it. She did like that boy so much that she would be willing to do “everything” for him. She was ready to torture her bladder all on edge for another date with him and she could not hide her willingness to do that.

Peter noticed that very well, he used that chance and said “ sure i would like to have another date with you. I like you very much, i like your great body and i love your strong bladder and your ability to hold your wee in your gorgeous body.

Next time you can show me how long a girl can endure without to wee and you can show me how full and how big your bladder can get.”

Peter was needing to piss so urgently and very, very badly, but he wanted that Kate should have to pee much worse at their next date than he was needing it now.

Kate is a young girl and girls MUST be able to hold their wee back as long as they HAVE to!!!

Girls have to hold it until they get a chance to piss, or until they get permission to let it out.

The imagination to torture Kates bladder made it a little bit easier for him to endure his own need.

”Peter, i like you too very much and if you love that so much, i will not go to the bathroom in the morning of our next date. I will not wee in the morning although i usually need to go urgently in the morning, i’ll keep my bladder full until we meet.” said Kate.

”But how long do i have to hold it? When will i be allowed to wee?” asked the girl.

”The entire day, until evening or longer. We will see!” answered Peter.

