The Fear Wettings Anthology; Part 6: The Scientist

Author: Hypergirl

*000*2022-12-24 03:47

Hello! This is part 6! Disclaimer; it contains a little bit of violence. It got the good old fear wettings and heavy emphasis on the overarching plot with a bunch of details of what might come next. Enjoy and leave your feedback as always!

———————————————————

It was late at night when Dr. Rachel was returning home after a long tiring work day at Armix tower. She had just teleported away 3 failed experiments before Armix could notice them.

She drove her car in silence. She was worried and squirming a bit in her seat as she was in desperate need to pee because she hadn’t had any breaks at work today. The sight of the zombies turning earlier almost made her leak but she managed to hold it.

She was still wearing her lab coat. She had forgotten to take it off due to all the stress. Under it she was wearing a white chemise and gray pants and white flat shoes with no socks on. She was a young beautiful doctor with dark straight blonde hair and blue eyes. She was about 25 years old but was an absolute genius, that’s why Armix had chosen her to work with them.

She drove for a bit before noticing another car was tailing her. She brushed it off and continued on her way home. She couldn’t worry about some conspiracy hallucinations while she was in need to relieve herself like that.

About 10 mins of struggle later she managed to finally arrive at her house. She parked the car and stepped out while crossing her legs. She looked back behind her to find that the car tailing her was still there. And strangely it was approaching her sidewalk.

A tall muscular man came out of the car and approached her on foot. His expressions were sharp and it seemed like he had an odd frown.

“Dr. Rachel?” The man asked in a grim deep voice.

Rachel shuddered but hesitantly answered him back while obviously crossing her legs; “Ye-yes.. who’s asking?”

“My name is Markus and i need you to step with me inside the car immediately.” Markus said sharply.

“Wh-what for? I believe i have other matters to attend to.” Rachel answered with her need to pee spiking as she became more nervous, obviously squirming in front of the strange man.

“Dr. Rachel i am afraid it cant wait. Please follow me. Calmly.” Markus insisted, trying to show that he’s friendly but Rachel was actually skeptical and creeped out.

“I am sorry. I cant do that. Please get off my property or i am calling the police.” Rachel nervously said. She looked around the neighborhood for someone to help her but it was dark and too late for someone to be passing by.

Without another word Markus pulled out a gun with a suppressor from his jacket. He pointed it at Rachel and sharply said; “I guess there is no other choice Dr. Rachel. I tried the friendly approach but you seem stubborn. Scream and I blow your brains off. Now calmly follow my instructions so you wont get hurt.” He coldly said.

Rachel immediately shuddered and raised her hands up. She was no longer crossing her legs. She could feel warm liquid slowly and uncontrollably pouring into her gray pants. A wet patch started to slowly emerge at the front of her crotch. Tears streamed down her cheeks as well as she trembled without a word.

Markus slowly eyed her extending dark patch with a smile as it finally dripped down the end of her pants and into the floor with an audible trickling sound into a puddle under her feet.

“Oh poor thing, did i scare you that much? You’re so scared you just uncontrollably pissed your pants right in front of me.. wow!” Markus mockingly told her.

She realized at his shocking and embarrassing words that she was actually really wetting herself in fear. She looked down at her pants and cried more. She managed to stop the flow of urine as soon as she realized before she could get drenched.

“P-plea-please.. i’ll d-do any-anything you ask. Please dont hu-hurt me.” She stutteringly said as she shamefully stood in front of him with urine filled pants begging and pleading in fear. Still warm at her crotch and down her legs.

“Dont worry Dr. Rachel.. I just need you and your personal keycard so I can get into the Omega lab back at the Armix tower.” Markus calmly said.

“Wha-what? Wh-why? How d-do you even kn-know about that?” Rachel confusingly asked.

“I wont answer any of your questions until we reach there. Now come with me!” Markus growled, then strongly grabbed her arm with one hand and with the other still pointed a gun at her head.

Her shoes squelched all the way to his car due to her own urine, leaving wet footprints on the sidewalk. It was quite an embarrassing feeling.

As soon as Markus reached his car he unlocked his trunk. And pointed for her to go inside with his gun.

“What.. no! You cant put me in there please no!” Rachel panically said.

“Oh i am not asking.” Markus calmly said then tried to push her inside. Rachel resisted and struggled while screaming “NO! NO!” as she ferociously kicked her wet legs around which caused both of her wet shoes to fly off making her barefooted. She couldn’t overcome the strong man and he finally pinned her inside and slammed the trunk door over her, trapping her inside. He quickly went behind the wheel and started to drive off to Armix.

Rachel started screaming and banging on the trunk door in her fear. She was claustrophobic and felt like she couldn’t breath. She kept crying and wailing harder as she felt the car starting to move. She kept kicking the door with her bare feet and punching it with her hands to no avail. She finally decided to give up and curled up inside the trunk as she whimpered and trembled in fear.

She lost bladder control once more in her terror. This time she was fully soaking herself. Her pee gushed forcefully from around her butt area and flowed sideways fully wetting her butt and the trunk. It fully soaked her left side of her lab coat as well. The puddle grew larger quickly as her bladder absolutely drained every last drop of pee left inside her.

She was now laying in a puddle of her own urine with absolutely drenched clothes. As the car moved around and bumped occasionally the urine puddle splashed around and everywhere all over her. She didn’t do anything but cry in fear and shame until the car came to a full stop after about 20 minutes.

As soon as Markus left the car and opened the trunk he was quickly disgusted with the sight he had witnessed and the pungent urine odor that whooshed into his nostrils. There laid the prestigious doctor Rachel in her bare feet crying in a pool of her own urine that covered her entire body.

“UGHH! WHAT THE HELL HAVE YOU DONE! YOU RUINED MY CAR.. DOC!” Markus angrily said. He then pulled soaking crying Rachel out in disgust and yelled at her some more.

“THE HELL DOC!? YOU COULDN’T HOLD YOURSELF FOR A BIT!? ARE YOU A FREAKING BABY!? You made a mess out of yourself!” Markus kept yelling angrily at her, mad that his car was ruined with all that urine. Rachel shuddered and cried more at his yelling.

“I-i am so-so-sorryyy, i didnt me-mean to! I w-was sca-scared!!!” She stuttered between her sobs.

Markus took a deep urine filled breath and then sighed; “Huh.. Whatever. We’re here at the tower.. we need to get inside now, get your keycard ready.” He said, then pushed her in front of him.

They arrived at the huge glass gate. Markus peeked inside through it to see there was a huge reception with no one inside but a sleepy security guard.

“Wipe off your tears now and act normal. You will tell him you forgot something in the lab and that i am the friend who gave you a lift.” Markus said as he poked her shoulder. Rachel immediately wiped her tears with her lab coat and opened the door with her keycard and slowly entered with Markus behind her. The security guard quickly noticed and stopped her.

“Dr. Rachel, what are you doing here this late?” The security guard asked as he curiously eyed her soaking clothes and her partner.

“Umm.. hi.. i.. uh.. i forgot something important in the lab i need to get it quickly, this is my trusted friend who brought me here.. uh.. Markus.” Rachel nervously said.

“Oh.. okay, but why are you all wet like that doctor?” The security guard asked while raising an eyebrow. She nervously looked back at Markus trying to think of some excuse.

“I.. uhh.. it was.. umm.. raining outside.. and i.. umm.. slipped and fell over into a puddle.” She nervously answered.

“Hmm.. i see.. but why are you barefooted?” He asked confusingly looking down at her pedicured wet feet. Rachel closed her eyes as she tried to think.

“Oh i.. LOVE! To walk in the rain barefooted, i love the feeling of water under my bare feet and i must have been so carried away that i forgot my shoes in the car.. doesn’t matter i’ll be done quickly and get back to it.” She said in a high pitch.

“Fine, get to the elevator then doc. If you need anything i’ll be right here.” The security guard naïvely said.

Rachel and Markus then passed by the security guard’s side. The urine odor was too vivid that an expression of disgust crossed the guard’s face.

“Woowiee that must have been one hell of a stinky puddle Dr. Rache, it reminds me of how the elevator smelled when that newbie interview girl peed all over herself inside it a while back on the day of the accident.” The security guard said while shaking his head.

“Haha.. umm.. yeah.. i’ll shower when i return home.” She hesitantly shrugged it off, her prestige drained down the sink like her urine.

Rachel and Markus then walked to the staff elevator area. They entered with Rachel’s keycard and then she typed on the number pad floor 232, the very last floor of that gigantic tower. The elevator ride was quiet, only Rachel’s heavy breaths and rapid heartbeats could be heard.

Moments later they arrived at the door of the Omega lab. Rachel swiped her keycard and entered the lab along with Markus. He then pushed her to the side and quickly started typing on the huge monitor in front of him.

“W-we’re here now.. what do you want to do?” Rachel asked her initial question again.

Markus was focused on the monitor in front of him but calmly answered her; “Project Omega. The ability to create gigantic sinkholes anywhere in the world by the press of a button using cosmic energy. I need that.” He coldly said.

“Wha-what.. why.. this is dangerous! Where do you want to do it! You cant! People could die!!” Rachel said as she looked at the monitor trying to figure out the coordinates he was trying to set.

“I am going to create a hole right under this very tower and sink it deep into the ground. That is my mission. Armix will be done.” Markus coldly said as he was setting the coordinates.

“Markus.. please no! I dont ethically agree to all of what’s happening in Armix but i assure you this is not the solution! Please! Besides we will go down with the tower as well!” Rachel panically said.

“I dont care. I knew what i was getting myself into from the beginning. I wouldnt mind becoming a martyr.” Markus said still focusing on the screen.

He finally set the coordinates to the tower and smiled. “It is done.” He attempted to press the initiation button but then in an attempt to save the tower and herself Rachel pushed Markus away and quickly changed the coordinates to a random one and pressed the initiation button herself. The ground shook beneath them for a bit as the order reached deep into Earth’s mantle.

“What. Have. You. Done!!!” Markus angrily groaned.

“I saved Armix.. the cosmic energy is drained. The sinkhole can be shot once every six months, there’s no way you can create another one now.” Rachel said confidently.

“What! No! Nooo!” Markus said then angrily pushed Rachel away from the monitor then set the coordinates back on the tower and pressed the initiation button multiple times but it didn’t work.

“YOU. RUINED. EVERYTHING. DOC.” Markus angrily growled then took out his pistol and pointed it to Rachel’s head.

“On your knees! It’s time for you to die!” He yelled.

Rachel fell to her knees as she cried and begged for her life. Urine started flowing from her vagina again at this intense moment. She rewet her gray pants in fear and leaked heavily down to her knees. A small puddle was created under her knees as she begged and pleaded on the ground as she closed her eyes.

*BANG* the sound of a bullet echoed in the lab. Strangely.. Rachel was okay. She opened her eyes to see that Markus with a bullet in his head was falling to the ground. She heard a voice coming from the lab’s entrance; “What’s going on here?” The voice asked.

She looked at the door while she was still trembling and a bit of urine was still dripping off her to find two men in black coats and hats. They were Mr. Omo and Mr. Rashi.. finally teleported inside the tower at the right moment after the cabin incident.

Rachel’s eyes immediately widened as she trembly stood back up over her puddle, it’s like she realized something. “Oh my.. it’s you.. Mr. Rashi.. you’re back.. but how!” She asked in surprise forgetting about her drenched clothes.

“Do i.. know you?” Mr. Rashi confusingly asked as he glanced Rachel’s wet crotch.

“What.. you dont remember?” Rachel asked with a raised eyebrow.

“I am afraid not Ms.” Mr. Rachi sadly said.

“Wait what? Mr. Rashi who is she? How does she know you?” Mr. Omo asked.

“I dont kn—“ Mr. Rachi faded away then was interrupted by Rachel.

“This is very odd.. i cant believe you dont remember.. but anyway you saved me. Thank you. But what are you two doing here?” She asked.

“We are here to stop Armix, once and for all. We came to shutdown all the unethical projects, and revert the backrooms incident.” Mr. Omo confidently said.

“I am afraid your buddy here was trying and i stopped him and i am ready to stop you too. He was about to open a sinkhole under the tower.” Rachel said as she crossed her eyebrows.

“What.. no.. we dont want to destroy the tower. It’s my life’s work. We.. are actually the original founders. We just wanted to shutdown the projects.” Mr. Omo said.

“What!? The founders!? How.. Mr. Rashi you havent told me that last time!” Rachel surprisingly asked.

Before Mr. Rashi could confusingly answer a sudden alert beep started beeping from the monitor behind Rachel. She quickly focused at the screen.

“Shit.. we have a problem. To avoid him from opening the sinkhole under the tower i had to open it somewhere else randomly. I just found out it was a populated area. We have to close it or many will die because of me! Please help me. I cant be responsible for that!” Rachel sadly said with a frown.

“Fine but then we wi-“ Mr. Omo was interrupted by a peculiar noise coming from Markus’s body.

The three of them looked over it to find that his skin was reverting from the normal human skin into a reddish skin and peculiar noseless facial features. Rachel immediately screamed and leaked her final urine droplets away in shock. “WHAT IS THAT!?”

“As we expected.. Markus was one of the shapeshifting Skrulls.” Mr. Rashi said.

“I am afraid Markus was not human to begin with.. hmm.. i think i know who he’s working for.” Mr. Omo deduced.

“Magnus.” Misters omorashi concluded simultaneously.

*002*2022-12-24 05:28

Thank you!! Actually i am never afraid to kill off a main character Sometimes i feel like it’s necessary for the plot to go on

*004*2022-12-24 06:11

{{13 minutes ago, DerekOmoso said:

Hehehe yeah! I haven't on any of the stories here.

One day maybe!

}}

Same here one day

*006*2022-12-24 18:50

Would love to see your creativity unleashed

*009*2022-12-24 19:51

{{35 minutes ago, hauntedhouse4 said:

Skrull? Wait is this a Marvel story!?

}}

Many people are getting my subtle references! Wow i am soooo glad!!

Actually it was just a reference since i am a marvel fan i thought marvel fans would definitely notice that so i threw it in

