Mia and Mika, Part 2

Author: Holdit4me

*000*2025-05-17 23:59

This is a continuation of a story I started awhile ago. If you'd like to read Part 1, you can do so here!

__________

To say Mia was worried about Mika’s insistence she ask permission every time she needed to pee would have been an understatement.

But by the time she’d agreed to Mika’s terms, she was SO DAMNED DESPERATE that she would have consented to just about anything, as long as she could sit on the toilet and let that ocean of piss blast into the porcelain bowl. And the relief she felt from finally letting it all out was so intense, she almost couldn’t stop herself from moaning in near-orgasmic bliss.

And now, lying in bed, exhausted both from today’s soccer game and the incredible effort it took to keep from peeing herself, she DID allow herself the orgasm she’d come so close to having more than once during her…adventure.

Her most reliable and quickest path to orgasm when she was inclined to touch herself came from reliving the times she was desperate and squirming, shaking with need while trying to hold back her pee, and tonight was no exception. But she found herself focusing just as much on…she felt herself flushing from embarrassment all alone in her bed just thinking about it…not being allowed to go pee without Mika’s permission.

Her little snake of a twin sister had caught Mia red-handed, so to speak, earlier today, holding her pee and enjoying being desperate, and had forced that humiliating concession from Mia by blackmailing her with the threat of texting everyone at U.B. Holden College about what she’d seen.

Jesus, Mika could be such a little bitch sometimes.

But…holy shit, Mia had to admit the scenario was hot.She came in record time thinking about it and then drifted off to sleep.

***

Mia awoke to the buzzing of her alarm and the throbbing of her bladder. One of the curses of having a tiny bladder was that unless she suffered from a poor night’s sleep, she invariably woke up bursting to pee.

And as much as Mia loved that feeling of desperation, she couldn’t waste any time enjoying it because she had to brush her teeth, dress, and get straight to school.

She rolled out of bed and stumbled across her bedroom to the door, curtseying once as a particularly sharp pang of need struck. Then she yanked the door open and hurried to the bathroom.

Where Mika stood just outside the door.

“Morning, Mia,” Mika said sweetly. “Sleep well?”

“Yeah, I guess,” Mia answered. wondering what the hell this was all about. She couldn’t ever remember her sister asking about how she’d slept. She went to step around Mika to enter the bathroom and stopped, annoyed, as her twin blocked the way.

“Forgetting something?” Mika said, still speaking with a syrupy sweetness.

That was when Mia remembered. “Come on, Mika, you’re not really going to make me get permission every time I need to use the bathroom, are you?”

Mika grinned evilly. “Oh, yes I am.”

Mia unconsciously crossed her legs, bobbing slightly. “But how would that even work? Some days we don’t even see each other after we leave the house in the morning.”

Mika shrugged. “Then I suppose you’ll have to get permission for each bathroom visit this time of the morning.”

“What?”

“You heard me. Come on, golden girl, you’re supposed to be so smart. You mean to tell me you can’t figure out approximately when you’ll need to pee during the day?”

Mia caught herself walking in place and forced herself to stand still. It wasn’t easy; now that she’d woken up her pee REALLY wanted to come out. “I guess, but…”

“Just ask for what you need,” Mika said softly, “and I’ll decide whether to approve it.”

Mia felt a flash of anger - this was so unfair! - but also the heat of arousal. What the hell is happening to me? she thought, and then said, “Fine. May I please pee now, and then once before lunch, once before soccer practice, and once when I get home from practice?”

Mika thought it over, or at least pretended to think it over, and then said, “Yes, all of those times are approved.”

Mia breathed a shuddery sigh of relief - unsure whether the shakiness was from her need for the bathroom or her building sexual arousal - and once more moved to step round her sister.

And once more Mika blocked her.

“What now?” Mia said in frustration. “I did what you asked and you said I could go!”

“I just want to remind you not to deviate from the schedule I just approved. If you do, I’ll know. And then so will everyone at Holden.”

“I’ll keep to the schedule, I promise,” Mia said, now bouncing in place.

“You’d better,” Mika said, and moved aside.

***

Mia had been really worried about the notion of her twin sister determining when she would be allowed to pee. Sure, it was a turn-on, but the potential for an embarrassing situation at school was very real if Mika decided she wanted to prove some twisted point, and Mia simply could not risk everyone at Holden College - friends, soccer teammates, and professors - finding out about her naughty little kink, so she no choice but to do as Mika demanded.

But as time went on, she discovered that while Mika had every intention of holding Mia to their agreement - at least for now - she also seemed reluctant to put Mia in any truly difficult situations.

Sure, she played with Mia over the weekend, forcing her to hold it during a neighborhood barbecue on Saturday, to the point where Mia’s entire body was shaking from the familiar combination of pee desperation and extreme arousal, but even then she relented and allowed Mia to run to the bathroom before anyone else in the neighborhood noticed anything was amiss with the pretty blonde twenty-two year old.

She hoped.

But after a couple of weeks, she’d begun to relax between Monday and Friday. Every day was more or less the same - Mika would meet her at the bathroom door first thing in the morning, and then she would approve Mia’s bathroom schedule for the rest of that day.

The whole permission thing was really becoming no big deal, and Mia wasn’t totally sure whether she was relieved by that fact or disappointed.

Until this morning, when everything changed.

Mia stumbled down the hallway to the bathroom, meeting Mika as had become their routine. Almost without thinking, Mia said, “May I please pee now, and then once before lunch, once before soccer practice, and once when I get home from practice?”

She’d taken one step around Mika in anticipation of the answer and then froze when her sister said, “No.”

“Excuse me?”

“I think you heard me.”

“But I need to go pee.”

“Not my problem,” Mika said. “Hold it.”

“But I haven’t peed since last night before bed!”

“Again, not my problem.”

“Well…when can I pee?”

“We both have a class from 8:30 to 10:00 today. Meet me outside your lecture hall after that first class and you may ask again.”

“But…I…”

“And remember,” Mika said threateningly. “Do not even think about disobeying me or by the end of the day, every single person at that school will know how you love to make yourself squirm like a desperate little girl who can’t find a potty.”

“But…”

“Do you understand me?”

That odd combination of desperation and arousal had returned with a vengeance, and Mia felt a stab of heat between her legs. She knew if she slipped a hand down her shorts right now she would feel a bit of wetness that had nothing to do with pee.

“DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME?” Mika repeated.

“I…I understand. But please, I went to bed early last night and haven’t peed in like ten hours. I don’t think there’s any way I can hold it for another three hours or more.” Mia’s right heel was thudding on the floor as she lifted and dropped her leg incessantly. She felt tears gathering in her eyes as the heat continued to build between her legs. She didn’t think she’d ever been more confused - or turned on - in her life.

Mika gazed at her for a moment, eyes narrowed. Then she said, “Okay, fair enough. You’re allowed to—”

“—Thank you so much,” Mia interrupted, beginning to dart past Mika into the bathroom.

Her sister grabbed her arm, causing Mia to curtsey almost all the way to the floor in a deep knee bend. The moment she’d heard the words, “you’re allowed to,” her body tried to let go. Regaining control was not easy, but Mia did it without losing any.

“I wasn’t finished speaking,” Mika said.

“What?” Mia gasped as a trickle escaped her tired peehole. She hadn’t worn panties to bed under her loose-fitting shorts, so the warm, wet liquid meandered slowly down the inside of her right leg all the way to her knee. Even in the midst of her desperation, she hoped her sister couldn’t see it.

“As I was saying, you’re allowed a little relief, but only a little.”

“Meaning what?”

“Meaning you start peeing when I tell you to start, and when I say stop, you squeeze it off and hold the rest.”

“But, that’s not fair, it will be too hard to stop!”

Mika shrugged. “Fine. Then hold it all.”

“No, no no! Okay, I’ll do as you say.” Mia staggered past Mika, yanking her shorts down to her knees as she moved. She didn’t bother trying to close the bathroom door; she knew her sister would want to watch the show.

“Don’t let any out until I tell you,” Mika said quietly as Mia fell onto the toilet seat.

“Please hurry,” Mia moaned. She rocked back and forth on the seat, thighs smashed together, the throbbing of her overfilled bladder matched only by the throbbing of her clit. She longed to touch herself but that was one thing she just could not do in front of her twin sister.

“You may begin,” Mika said imperiously.

For the briefest of moments, nothing happened. Mia had been so locked up trying to hold it all in that her muscles simply would not allow any pee out.

“Changed your mind?” Mika said tauntingly. “I guess you don’t really have to go after all, might as well get back up and—”

“NO! No please, just give me a second, I just have to get it started…”

And then she did. The pee blasted out of her, splashing down into the water below, the sound impossibly loud. The sensation of release was almost as orgasmic to Mia as touching herself would have been.

The relief lasted two seconds. Maybe three.

And then Mika said, “Stop. That’s enough.”

Mia’s immediate instinct was to scream in frustration, to simply keep going, to enjoy the incredible feeling of relief until she was empty. But Mika held leverage over her, and until her sister decided she was no longer interested in exercising that leverage, Mia knew she belonged to her twin.

So she squeezed, rocking even harder, grunting from the effort of shutting off the fire hose. The stream lessened and then stopped in a matter of maybe a second and a half, and Mia was left panting and moaning. “Please,” she whispered.

“Excuse me?” MIka answered. “I think what you mean to say is ‘thank you.’ You begged me to let some out and I allowed it.”

“Thank you,” Mia said, defeated. She knew her bladder must be at least slightly more empty than before, the evidence was splashing around in the toilet, but it sure didn’t feel that way. And the throbbing in her clit hadn’t lessened at all. If anything it was worse.

“Okay, now that you’ve gotten the relief you needed, it’s time to get ready for school,” Mika said, her voice chipper. “Oh, and when you’re deciding what to wear, no skirts or dresses today. We wouldn’t want you to be tempted to spread your legs and pee on the quad, now, would we.”

“Of course not,” Mia muttered.

“In fact,” MIka continued as though Mia hadn’t even spoken, “I think a nice, tight pair of jean shorts is probably the best bet. That way, you have to be sure to hold it, if only to avoid pee snaking down your bare legs like it did a minute ago on your way to the toilet.”

“Ugh. You saw that?”

Mika grinned. “Of course I did.”

“Of course. Fine, jean shorts it is."

“Good girl. Now, get your ass up off the toilet. I have to pee like you would not believe.”

*003*2025-05-19 17:35

Thanks Breepee, I'll try to continue soon!

*005*2025-05-22 16:32

Thanks Mike!

