I’m Just Gonna Wet the Bed Instead

Author: HissGenerator

*000*2022-12-26 05:47

This is a rather short story.

###

I'm Just Gonna Wet the Bed Instead

My crusty eyes creaked open and saw the blurry blue morning light leak past the bedroom shades and spread onto the ceiling. It must’ve been around 6am. Then immediately I felt the bloated pressure in my belly while laying on my back. Fuck, I was snuggly lazy when my innards twinged under my tender bump. I have to pee.

Oh, but I don’t want to get up. Already my eyes are squinting, the flowing-out pressure pressing down into my pussy and the burn of holding it back.

Mm-mm, I’m not gonna go.. I’m not gonna get up. I’ll snooze my alarming bladder.

I think I’ll just pee the bed again this time; I don’t want to lose my cozy heat here.

Okay, relax.. mm, relaxing those muscles and waiting.. anticipating..

O.. Oh.. Oh, Oh, Oh.. it’s coming.. that flowing heat down my thin pipe.

Mm, I’m gonna hold myself over these grey pajama shorts: they’re kinda lose — wait.. lem-me.. hold my liquid back for a sec so I can.. hnng.. ahh, there we go, a nice and tight wedgie.. fuckkhh, my butt is hanging out the thigh cuffs; the fabric forced up my crack and folded between my lips is deliciously tense.. okay, I’m ready.. fuck this is gonna be so hot..

O.. O-oh.. Oh.. Ah— Ah— A-ah, ah, ah.. fuckhh.. mm.. it’s hard to even breath while the urge twinges underneath my tender warm belly and presses into my clit: ooo, it’s actually kinda tickle-ish—

—Uh..hmnph!.. here it comes again.. oh, ohh, ohhh.. fuuuckh.. fuuuckhhh.. the heat is slipping down my pipe, mm, burning, about to exit my pee-hole..

U-uhhhhhhh.. fuuuu.. that’s so—my right palm is tickled by a hot stream.. wait.. if I still my breath, I can hear the hot liquid hissing into my hand..

“khkhkhkhkhkhiiiiit—khkhkhkhiiit.. khkhkhiiieeeeeerrrrrrrrrrghghghgh..”

O.. o-ohh, here we go: full release: finally, without the hesitation.. wow.. it’s like a hot towel is smothering my pussy..

“..ghghghghghghghgh..”

Awhhh, fuckhh.. that low burble is eargasmic while my butthole is.. so fucking warm.. I could just come now—no.. no.. let’s just pee, I want it to come out slow..

Ahhhh, now the puddle is tiptoeing down between my thighs.. hehe: I can feel the pool between me, my fingertips paddling the surface of my piss puddle.. fuck, I wanna look at my shame..

Ah, damn, goodbye cozy heat on my tits.. but hello dark yellow pee.. wow, my shorts are completely wet, all the way around.

Ugh, shoot, I’m nearly at the end.. mm, dipping my whole hand in the dark hot yellow is.. I can’t even.. my dwindling stream glistens out the dark grey fabric like a weak water fountain.. mm, fuck, I need to do something about the growing emptiness underneath my shorts.. lemme.. jusss.. lay back and fantasize..

“What if Andy barged in and caught this dirty girl fondling her dirty wet self in a dark yellow puddle of her own making? Hm.. that.. that would be.. be.. hnnm.. hnnm.. hnn, hnn, huh..”

“What if he just stood there shocked but curious.. then just walked to the bedside of this girl moaning in her bed for a closer look, and surrounded by the aroma of her concentrated piss.. hnn, hnn, hmm, Hmm!..”

“What if his eyes just stared at the motion of her right hand, going faster and faster: her crotch squelching; and her exhales shorter and shorter yet louder and louder.. HO! Fuck! I’m gonna come.. Hm, Hm, Hm, Hm!..”

“What if he just watched her come while her puddle of shame sloshed between her legs and belched out a confidant groan—shit, shit, shit! U-UH!”

“He’d be looking at this contorting girl, whining and wriggling, shifting her bedsheets as the cooling liquid between her prickly thighs sloshes across the surface of her bed..”

“And her hard nipples poking through her white T when she arches her back while at the cusp..”

“He’d see the girl suddenly freeze and slowly melt back into her bed, her blue eyes slowly open and locking into his.. and she’d say: ‘I’ve wet the bed, what are you going to do to me, now?’”

I’d wish he’d pull away the front side and fuck me through my wet shorts in my wet sheets..

If only it were real.

*002*2023-01-14 14:57

I decided to add a chapter to this. I’ve also added a narrator, so it is no longer just in first-person.

—————————————

Chapter 2:

Bedside Disturbance

They were sitting at her bedside, Andy talking about some of his hobbies when he asked her what were hers—

Immediately, ‘wetting the bed’ jumped into her mind at the first opportunity, her face slightly flushing red with embarrassment that her mind would so quickly want to think about such; with Andy being so close next to her, knowing that her dirtiest secret was only a few inches away from his awareness and he wasn’t privy to any of it, nor even expected such.

He smolderingly held his sight with her, waiting for her response as she tried to think of an actual hobby; though it was hard to conjure up anything while wetting persistently flooded her mind. Soon it became a slight relishing, and quickly there was a tingle that emanated, bouncing around her insides, turning into a twinge underneath her belly.

“Come on, come on, come on.. think, think: a hobby.. anything..—“

“—like.. what do you like doing in your down time..?” he interrupts her wet thoughts.

She is jolted out of her wetting mind without a clear answer, and truly realizes how flushed in the face she must be: her face burns as hard as holding back hot pee.

Her awkwardly and embarrassed eyes glance up into his, trying to respond to him yet unable; she bites down onto her lips unconsciously—

Immediately her taboo thoughts recapture her and thrust her back into hypnosis, back to the memory of her fantasy..

..when she ravaged herself in bed after flooding it with her lazy piss, and fantasized that Andy had stumbled upon the aftermath and her dirty secret; in the same room and bedside that she pretended he walked toward to quench his supposed curiosity...

Her mind was now lost, no longer thinking to respond to him, while all he could interpret out of her expression was some kind of agitation.

He glanced at her bitten lips pursing and then pulling back underneath her teeth, her clasped hands dug tightly between her blue-jean’d thighs.. and could almost taste her insecurity.

But he wasn’t sure; he didn’t know what to quite do; he, too, felt a surmounting pressure: filling with awkwardness and yearning.. until a thought sprung out of the dissonance.

He turned his entire body slightly toward her, such that his right knee pressed into her left thigh: making contact to see her reaction, which confirmed to him that she was alright with having him touching her like so.

She felt the warmth of his knee soothe its way across the surface of the contacted jeans, which sent soft goosebumps up her thigh: knocking on her door just above, vibrating with its tingly reverberations, tingling her with tingly delight.

—“Oh no.. where am I going with this! Stop! Stop it now.. you can’t.. you cannot..”, her worry springs to attention as a dirty thought echoed into her mind.

Her bladder twinged a little, sending a division of piss to the unknown knocker at the threshold.

She gulped the cotton in her mouth, any semblance of wetness or lubrication now centered but on the swelling building between her thighs.

“Fuck. She wants him so bad, but I can’t.. it’s—it’s too—I’m too shy to just.. start something.. —ugh, why is it so hard to even breathe..?”

“Oh no.. what is he doing—is he going to..?!”, her frantic eyes widen and yell as he leans forward, his right arm digging behind her into the now dry bed.

“Yes! He is..”, her soaked thoughts jumping with joy.

Yet there is a worry underneath the excitement..

..afraid that her bladder will take its command and control from her grasp..

..while they broke the tension of heat on the surface of her own bed.

Her heart could almost implode when her lips received softness and a pressing-warm wetness. His kiss glued her eyelids shut with his lubricating lips, taking away her bone-dry mouth.

She shivers violently when his supportive hand softly attaches to her throat, slowly and gently gliding up to her face, feeling its warmth absorb into her flushed skin.

She feels a swarm of pressure build, swelling below, and a familiar rhythm pulsing moderately-fast — and notices the delayed pump of her beating heart from top to bottom — fastened and tightly secured beneath the stretchy fabric of her jeans; her sex is thoroughly enthralled.

—Her bladder twists strongly underneath the tight waist of her jeans, sending a battalion of hot liquid to her wet gates!

She uncontrollably moans into his attached lips, and simultaneously and swiftly grabs her pulsating skin over the fabric, throwing her right thigh over her left — whose calf accidentally lies partially onto his right knee — and recklessly attempts to hold her liquid back..

..but the sudden twist in her belly was too quick for her response-time..

..so her throbbing lips spurt a very brief spray of blistering hot yellow — while Andy was grabbing the lower end of her right thigh, twiddling and parsing the muscle fibers with his hold, sending tingles — into the surface of her light-pink short-knickers, before cutting the force short in its path and severely burning herself!

Her sex quivers with exuberance, smothered across its entire surface with the saturated, damp hot fabric clinging to its swollen skin while a warm hand inched up her thigh and her festering bladder pushed against her tight hold..

..she could really just come now.. but is afraid—

Immediately, her piss-soaked thoughts flare up inside her; marching down, it grapples her throat and her sex, forcing the weight of its arms against her, whispering its devilish seduction into her ears:

‘You dirty little thing.. I’ll gush that burbling shame right out of you.. and Andy’ll see your glistening making..’

She worries again beneath the excitement, wanting to indulge and simultaneously not.

Edited January 14, 2023 by HissGenerator (see edit history)

*003*2023-01-16 03:02

Chapter 3:

Too Good to be True

“Hmm!..”, she hummed into Andy’s ear as his lips fell onto her throat.

He grabbed her thigh tighter yet stopped inching it forward.

All she could think now is how badly she wanted to just let go of the tension under her jeans, keeping her liquid back; she was holding back her broken spurt and clenched just as hard as his hand grasped her thigh.

The tingles were ringing her sex to fatigue and Andy was only giving it more of his sedative: his hand once again resuming with movement, he began stroking her thigh slowly; every time it stroked forwards, his thumb dug a little more deeper up her inseam until he could feel the moist heat.

“Oh no!!.. I peed a little, I can’t let him find out..”, she worried to herself through all the tingly pleasures and suggestive thoughts.

She uncrossed her legs, placing her right thigh out of reach, but he just switches to her left: and this time begins halfway up to her.. soon his thumb is moving in circular petrissage against her upper hamstrings just before the hip-joint, while his fingers rest in the inseam just short of her wet spot.

And as much has her worried mind wanted to bat his hand away, just as much did her sex flare with the desire to be held tighter than the elastic waist of her jeans.

But she did nothing and her bladder only bloated harder under her waist.

Andy slides his fingers between her thighs, just short of her womanhood, letting his thumb do its thing on the front of her thigh..

“Hmmhh!.. huh.. huh..”, she hums again, her exhales delaying as the tingles of pleasure overtake her eyes. He bites her right earlobe before reacquainting with her lips. And that’s when he makes the bold move..

“Aw.. you’re so.. so wet.. perfect..”, his voice inflecting amazement.

Her body flinches upon contact, as all but his thumb cups her entirely while his thumb kneads her lower belly; his thumb eliciting torture irradiating out of her bladder with tingles of piss..

“Oh.. I’m sorry, let me be.. more.. gentle, hm?..”, he utters slower and slower.

“uUHh!..uh, uh..mmmhh..”, she echoes into her room, as his kneading thumb presses down and keeps its hold, poking into her tortured bladder—suddenly that distinct rush boils beneath her lower self, the start of a strong anticipatory flow driving downwards screaming to squeeze past fatigued muscles.

“Mmm—UH!.. sto—UH!.. mmmhh..huh.. huh..”, the mixture of pleasures stifling her breathe and speech to stop..

“..fuck..huh..”, she whispers under her broken breathe..

Pressure builds in her belly, moving downwards until the distinct tingling urge presses itself into her held sex—she throws her right thigh back over her left as her waist flinches.

He kneads his thumb again, the urge pressing even harder into her, starting to feel the burn behind her tiring hold.

“Yes.. I love seeing you wince so hard!..”, he eyes her with determination, and bites his lips when he strokes her while shoving his thumb deeper into her belly!

Her urge explodes with intense fire and drops of heat burn past her hold. Her chest thrusts forwards and her back arches while she leans against her backward arms.

Her mouth gapped wide, she moans at the top of her lungs as Andy’s palm is fully covered with gushing hot waters irrupting out of her!

Her body convulses as she comes into his hand and its pressure against her displacing her flow, showing the darkness glistening out of his hold and spreading its circular glitter across the front of her thighs. The heat seeps along the inseams of her jeans, slipping its warmth against her inner thighs and only eliciting more urine to flow out of her.

“UH!.. UH!.. UH!.. f-f-ffffuck!..”, she roars thrice into her ceiling!

She throws her right hand into her crotch, expecting to have Andy’s hand under her own, but only feels the streaming heat rushes into her jeans..

“What the fu—“, her eyebrows wrinkle—

—Suddenly her eyes fling wide open and she’s laying in her bed, sleeping over her right arm, whose hand and fingers are drowned in a hot pool of her piss bursting out of her naked crotch!


