Dark Horse Gambit

Author: Hyde

*000*2025-07-14 14:10

Stella lounged on a leather booth of The Dark Horse, her long blonde hair cascading over one shoulder as she scrolled through her phone. She was surrounded by others who she didn’t seem to be interested in. The dim neon lights flickered above her, casting a blueish glow on her tight pink jeans and white tank top, the fabric clinging to her toned stomach. She smirked at a text, her nails tapping the screen after taking a drink from her glass.

The door to the club slowly opened, the sound of heavy clicking echoed from the hallway behind it. Eve walked into the club making long strides in her knee high elevated boots. She wore a short black skirt that flashed her purple panties with every movement. Fishnets stretched over her thighs, and a tight black top with purple sleeves tightly wrapped around her chest, revealing her cleavage. Purple lipstick took the shape of a smirk as Eve saw Stella, her sharp green eyes glinting with amusement.

Stella was a newcomer here but was popular as soon as she walked in, she used her looks for free drinks and enthralled most of the men around her but rarely actually engaged with any of them past that. She slowly became the queen. Eve, on the other hand, just enjoyed the atmosphere of The Dark Horse. She liked going there to relax, alone or with friends, maybe even meet new people. She just wanted to have fun but Stella threw off the vibe of the place whenever she was present and always seemed to look down on Eve. They’d clashed before, mostly over petty things. Stella’s mocking comments about Eve’s style, Eve’s biting remarks about Stella’s vanity. But tonight, something darker simmered between them.

Eve was tired of Stella taking advantage of her favorite spot. She sauntered over, her boots clicking against the floor loudly. She leaned against the booth, her chest pressing against the top of the seat.

“Want to have fun with me tonight, Stella?” Eve said, her voice smooth, laced with challenge.

Stella barely glanced up,”You’re not really my type, Vampirella.” She said with a slightly disgusted tone followed by a laugh.

Eve tilted her head, her grin widening. “So you wouldn’t want to have a little drinking game? Loser has to pay the tab.”

Stella finally looked up, her blue eyes narrowing. “So you get to pay for all my drinks tonight?” She let out a laugh, tossing her hair.

Eve’s smirk didn’t waver. She knew Stella wouldn’t be able to resist that. “Let’s do it, drink for drink.” Eve pointed at a table across the room, it was elevated, no seats around it, intended for people to just stand by it. “First one to refuse a drink pays up.” Stella’s smirk faltered for a second. "You’re serious?"

"Deadly." Eve’s grin was sharp, predatory, devilish. "Unless you’re scared."

Stella’s competitive streak flared. "Scared? Of you?" She ripped her phone off the table and got out of the booth, brushing past Eve as she walked past her."You’re on. Better get your wallet ready, shady.”

Eve’s laugh was low, dark. "Oh, princess, I don’t intend on paying a dime.”

The rules were simple: They each took turns ordering drinks and they could order whatever they wanted. They had to match what the other drank, to ensure they drank the same amount. If someone refused a drink they would lose the game and have to pay the bill.

Eve allowed Stella to pick first, she chose something simple, rum and coke. Stella drank most of it in one go, Eve quickly copied her just to show she was serious. “This was an easy one, the next ones will only get stronger.” Stella taunted, her voice dripping with amusement.

Eve rolled her eyes, for her first drink she chose a shot of vodka. They both quickly took it, feeling the burn move down their throats. Eve had a plan, she wanted to give Stella stronger drinks early hoping it would make her give up quicker. She didn’t know if this was effective though considering how Stella always did drink a lot while she was here, and for free at that.

"Perfect" Stella purred, stretching her arms above her head, her tank top riding up slightly. "I could do this all night."

Eve’s eyes flicked to Stella, she knew she had to win this, "We’ll see."

An hour and a half into the game, they slowly ordered and drank more. They both realized that drinking too quickly wouldn’t benefit them in this kind of game so they each paced themselves. However, Eve is now discovering a factor she didn’t consider, now she needs to pee. It’s not too bad but the pressure was building. They hadn’t drank too much but it certainly wasn’t neglectable. Eve pressed her thighs together slightly, she could hold it. It was her turn to order, she was worried about getting sick from all the drinks so she wanted to play it safe, she just ordered water.

“Just water? Is it already getting to you?” Stella snarled. After a hour of various shots, beers, and other drinks it would be getting to anyone naturally.

Eve glanced at Stella as if to say “We both need a break”.

The glass of water sat in front of Stella, and it was no small glass either. She grabbed it and started drinking. To her it seem like torture. Stella started shifting her weight on her feet, and Eve noticed this.

Did she also have to pee? It was only natural at this point that they both did after all. Was this slowly becoming a game of endurance in more than one way?

"You good?" Eve asked, her smirk widening. “It is ‘just water’ remember”?

Stella shot her a glare. "Shut up."

Eve was contemplating how to play this out now. The game is first to refuse a drink. If Stella leaves to go to the bathroom and refuses to drink more than Eve would win. But should she try to force it out or wait?

Eve’s cheeks flushed thinking about needing to pee again, but she forces her legs to relax to try and not be obvious to Stella. If Stella gets the same ideas this might not be easy.

Two hours into the game, the bar had emptied slightly, the music pulsing in the background as the two girls stood in tense silence, glasses in hand. Stella’s smirk had faded slightly, her fingers tapping against her thigh. The pressure was getting worse, her bladder filling, the urge to go growing stronger with every passing minute.

Eve was worse off. She shifted constantly, her legs pressed tightly together, her free hand balled into a fist with her nails digging into her palm. Her eyes flickering to the bathroom door every few seconds.

It was obvious they both needed to pee pretty bad now, they weren’t hiding it as well. But neither wanted to admit it, nor bring up the others discomfort.

Stella decided to finally take the first shot. “Are you okay Eve? Do you maybe need something?”

Eve shot her a glare, her voice strained briefly before sounding normal again. "I’m doing great.” She needed to call her out, maybe then she would give up. “Looks like you’re struggling with holding your liquor, or maybe it’s your bladder.” Eve said tauntingly.

Stella laughed, but it was weaker now, her discomfort creeping in. She shifted again, her thighs pressing together harder, “Give me a break, you’re the one who needs help holding it. I see what you’re doing.”

The game had changed now, they stopped ordering drinks. Now it was a different challenge, an unspoken one but clear to them both; the first one to give in would lose.

Three hours have past since they started. The pressure was getting unbearable. Stella’s bladder screams for relief. She could feel all her drinks from tonight collecting in one place, the urge to go almost overwhelming. But she refused to break first.

Eve was a mess. Her legs were clamped shut, her thighs jiggling from the constant shaking of her legs. Her breath came in sharp gasps, her eyes wide, desperate.

"I-I can’t…Eve gasped, her voice breaking.

Stella’s eyes flicked to her, her own desperation momentarily forgotten. "What, you giving up?"

Eve’s jaw clenched. "No. But I-" She let out a sharp breath, her hands pressed into her crotch, fingers twisting in her skirt. "I’m close." She couldn’t believe she just admitted that out loud.

Stella smirked, but it wasn’t convincing. "Then just go, the bathrooms right there.” She nodded her head in its direction.

Eve glared at her, she let go of her skirt and gripped the edge of the table. "You’re not looking better off.”

Stella’s smirk vanished. She was right. The pressure was agonizing now, her bladder throbbing, the urge to go almost unbearable. She shifted again, her thighs pressing together, constantly rubbing against each other.

Four hours. It was late, the bar was nearly empty, they still stood by their table, shifting weight on their feet and holding themselves. Stella’s face was flushed, her breath coming in short, sharp bursts. She needed to go bad, really bad, the pressure almost unbearable. She didn’t want to give up, she needed to win.

Eve was on the verge. Her legs were pressed shut so hard you’d think they were glued, her breath ragged. “I-I-…" she gasped, her voice breaking. Her legs were crossed tight, but she still stood somewhat up right.

Stella’s eyes shot to Eve’s legs "You’re gonna wet yourself, aren’t you?"

Eve’s mumbled. "Shut up."

Stella grinned through the pain. "You’re the one who started this and you’d rather piss yourself rather than just walk to the bathroom and give up?”

Eve glared at her, her fingers gripping her skirt tight. "You’re the one who’s gonna lose." It’s all she could think to say.

Four hours and twenty minutes. Eve let out a moan, her hands gripping her crotch tighter. "mmmmmm”“

Stella’s eyes widened as she watched Eve’s face twist in agony, her legs clamping shut. "You’re gonna do it, aren’t you?"

Eve’s breath was shakey. "Shut up-" She let out a sharp gasp, her fingers digging into her thighs as she gripped herself. "Fuck-“

Eve needed to do something. She needed to pee. NOW. She looked at Stella, she was bent over, leg over leg, hands to her sides grabbing her pants. She wasn’t much better, Eve needed to do SOMETHING.

She took a risk.

She used all her willpower to uncross her legs and stand straight. Legs still shaking, this was her final gambit. She was about to burst anyway so she had to try it.

Eve walked around the table to Stella, slowly. Stella didn’t even notice she moved at first, she was too focused on her own needs. Eve walked right up to Stella, her legs were shaking but she kept them as straight as he could. She put her weight on her left foot and crossed her arms. Eve looked Stella in the eyes.

“I’m going to hold it all night, so you better turn around and rush to the bathroom before something embarrassing happens.”

Stella just stared, Eve sounded so confident even though Stella knew how desperate she was.

Eve stood there still struggling, arms still crossed. Her face didn’t change from her stern look. Her legs shaked, her bladder throbbed. She couldn’t hold it in forever and proof just escaped her. She let go for just a second but her purple panties darkened slightly and rivulets ran down her fishnetted legs. She held the rest in for now but made a desperate moan as it happened, her eyes looked down in a quick panic.

Stella, still looking Eve in the eyes, followed hers down and saw the evidence. “Oh my god you’re really going to piss yourself! You’re already going!”

Eve felt the small streaks still running down her legs slowly, she held the rest in but not much longer. She was in pain. Stella teased her, she started making a hissing noise to taunt her. Eve closed her eyes to try and not focus on Stella’s taunts but all she heard was “psssssssssssh” from Stella.

Eve, eyes still closed, started to slowly shift her legs again, she was thinking about just making a break for the bathroom before losing it. The hissing noise Stella was making was only getting louder in her head, she was about to let go, until the noise suddenly got faster and much more violent.

Eve opened her eyes, she saw Stella's face, her lips still in a hissing motion, but her eyes were wide. Eve looked down and it suddenly made sense.

Eve saw Stella’s pants darken rapidly. This wasn’t an accident, this wasn’t letting go, this was an explosion. Her body completely failed holding any longer and soaked her pants turning it a darker shade. The powerfully hissing sound continued as the piss quickly ran down her legs, over her shoes into a puddle onto the floor around her feet. Stella’s legs were shaking the whole time it happened making the piss fall in uneven lines as it started to run over the already saturated denim. All Stella could do was look down at her feet as it was happening, watching the expanding puddling.

When she finished Stella finally snapped out of it realizing fully what happened. Eve looked at her, a few more rivulets ran down her fishnets but it was hardly noticeable now comparatively. Eve covered her mouth and crossed her legs as she laughed. She was about to burst too but needed to rub this in first. “Oh Stellllllaaa, looks like you had a bit too much to drink tonight, don’t you think.” She did a crotch holding gesture as a taunt, but she still really needed to pee also.

Eve remembering her need started to walk away from Stella and to the bathroom, before fully walking away she got close to Stella’s ear and said “and I think you should go to a new club from now on huh?” Eve turned toward the bathroom and jogged there in a half sprint, she let out little leaks every few seconds as she ran over. Eve got into a stall, closed the door and was ready to burst. She didn’t have time, she stood over the toilet and lifted her short skirt up and let go thru her panties into the toilet.

The relief was immense. She finally could let it all go. Her purple panties turned a shade darker, but didn’t matter, no one would know. Sure she technically is peeing herself right now but her skirt is dry, there’s no puddle on the ground, no one watching her most embarrassing moment. All unlike Stella.

She finished her victory lap and exited the stall. Her panties stuck to her but it didn’t matter to her now. Soon enough Stella entered the bathroom, presumably to get cleaned up. She spotted Eve, completely dry, it made her even more frustrated that Eve made it in time. Stella’s pants were unmistakably soaked top to bottom. Eve smirked at her.

She looked at her, Stella had her hands pressed into her crotch. “Y-you- got lucky.”

“I think you overestimated yourself.” Eve retorted

Eve walked out of the bathroom brushing past Stella, her boots stepping in a satellite puddle of Stella’s shame and splashing upwards as she walked out.

This wasn’t what Eve had in mind for tonight but she couldn’t be happier with the result. The club was slowing down but others had to have seen what happened. Not only did she achieve her goal, embarrassing Stella thoroughly while doing so, she also became something of a drinking game story they tell around the club sometimes. The first time she heard it told from someone else’s perspective she thought it sounded a bit silly and exaggerated but she still enjoyed giving everyone something to talk about.

“Until the next game!”Eve raised her glass to celebrate, and drank it in one motion.

