A Viole(n)t Need (Persona 5)

Author: Hotdogking42

*000*2024-12-24 02:12

So, I've been worried about uploading something on here for a while now, because I am terrified of someone recognising my writing style. But, I've also had this idea in my head for a bit, and I can't really upload it anywhere else. So, I've decided to take the risk and post it. This is also the first time I've written anything remotely horny, so please go easy on me.

Sumire Yoshizawa was in trouble. She'd gone to gymnastics practice as usual, and drunk a lot of water during it. On top of that, she'd already felt a slight urge to pee as she started practice. Her slower movements meant her instructor had her stay behind to work on them a bit more, while everyone else left. Now, as practice ended, she was beginning to struggle to keep it in. But still, before she peed, she needed to get changed out of her sweaty uniform and back into her regular Shujin uniform.

She also made the stupid decision to have a shower first. She left her gymnastics uniform with her bag, then headed in to the shower. Feeling the rush of water against her skin while her bladder throbbed with need was an unpleasant experience. Once she was finished washing herself, she cut the shower off, and had to spend the next few minutes grabbing herself to keep the pee in. When she was sure she wasn't about to pee herself, she rushed to get changed so she could leave the girl's changing room and go find a toilet.

But when she exited the shower, to her horror, she saw that her bag was gone. Someone must've taken them, but by accident or on purpose, she didn't know. What she did know was, she was stuck in the changing rooms with nothing but a towel on, with no clothes. Which meant she couldn't leave the changing rooms to find a toilet. So, she was stuck here, long after school ended, with an incredibly full bladder and no way to relieve it. Not unless she wanted to walk out of the changing room with nothing but a towel on. Boy, would that be a fun story to explain to the principal, as to why a 3rd year was walking around school without clothes.

So, with no other choice she was forced to wait. Which was already bad enough to begin with. But, as the time went on, she began to struggle. She could no longer stay still anymore, such was her need to pee. She had to dance around in place, clutching her crotch with all her might. She was bent double, terrified that if she straightened herself at all, she'd piss herself all over the floor. "Oh why didn't Shujin instal toilets in this changing room?" Sumire bemoaned as she continued to struggle. By now, her bladder had filled so much that her tummy had begun to bulge out. Just lightly brushing her hand against it made it almost contract.

Finally, she came to the conclusion that, since it was after hours, no one would come in here. If that was the case, maybe she could quickly relieve herself in the showers. Once she was relieved, she could think of a way to get her stuff back and get out of Shujin. With this resolve, she ran to the showers, discarding the towel quickly. Once inside, she hovered over the shower drain, eagerly awaiting the sweet release.

But, just as she was about to start pissing, she heard the door to the changing room open. Cursing in her head, Sumire grabbed the towel again and hid herself in the showers, waiting for whoever is was to go away. However, her worry quickly turned to relief when she heard the voice of her friend, and crush of the past 2 years, Futaba Sakura's voice call out, "Sumire, are you in here?" She was so relieved to here Futaba that she very nearly let go right then and there. It took so much effort, grabbing and potty dancing to keep the gates shut. "I'm in here Futaba," she called out desperately. "My bag was taken, along with all my clothes, so I can't leave, and I have to pee so fucking bad!"

Futaba came into view and took in Sumire's pathetic sight. She was bent over, grabbing herself as tightly as she could, with a towel around her to protect her modesty. But Futaba could clearly see how desperate she was. "Holy shit," she says, "you aren't kidding. I was wondering where you were when you didn't leave the changing rooms after practice." In all her desperation, Sumire had forgotten that Futaba liked to sometimes watch her practices. "Hold on Sumi," she said. "I'll be right back with your things. Just gotta go find them first." With that, she disappeared out of the showers. "Hurry!" Sumire called. "I don't know how much longer I can hold this!"

###

Truth be told, Futaba had always liked watching girls desperate to pee. She liked to hold it too sometimes, but she preferred the former. Well, what else was a lesbian gremlin supposed to do while being a shut-in? And now, she had the opportunity to witness her long time crush Sumire Yoshizawa in a state of extreme desperation. It was a dream come true for her. But, she wasn't going to let her friend suffer just because the sight turned her on immensely. So instead, she pushed her horniness down and went to look for Sumire's bag. Fortunately, she didn't have to look very hard. Someone had brought it to the Lost and Found, claiming to have seen it left there for ages without anyone touching it. Futaba was instantly suspicious of this, but didn't question the person working at the desk. She just took the bag and raced back to the changing rooms.

When she got there, Sumire was in an even worse state than when she left. She was now curled up in a ball, her eyes tight shut, and rocking back and forth, hands glued to her crotch out of fear that letting go for even one second would cause her to release her flood. "I found your stuff Sumi!" she called in. Sumire slowly got to her feet and practically limped over to her, not taking her hands away from her crotch. "Th-thank you, T-Taba," she stuttered, her voice weak from her hold. She swiftly took the bag, then began toc change, very slowly, in case she wets herself. Futaba left the changing rooms to give her her privacy. As she waited outside, she cautiously slipped a hand into her own pants. Yep, wet, she thought to herself. Was she a bad friend for being turned on by all this? Before she could debate that too hard, Sumire came out of the changing rooms, fully dressed, and red in the face. "I leaked a little," she admitted quietly.

Futaba desperately ignored how horny that made her feel, Futaba took Sumire's arm and began to slowly help her to the toilet. Sumire whimpered all the way there, shaking from the sheer volume of pee her body was containing. Futaba fought the strong urge to stop and watch as Sumire danced with desperation. Eventually, they made it to the toilets. Futaba pushed the door open and Sumire hurried inside. She spotted a vacant cubicle and ran for it, but it was too late. Before she could make it all the way in, her bladder finally gave up. Pee practically exploded out of her. She tried desperately to stem the flow, but it was hopeless. So instead, she sank to her knees and enjoyed the release. As for Futaba, she could barely keep herself together. This was, without the Shadow of a doubt (pun intended) the sexiest thing she'd ever seen. Oh she was going to enjoy remembering this tonight. But for now, comforting her friend came first.

Sumire finally stopped wetting herself, stepped out of the very large puddle she made, then burst into tears. Futaba hugged her tightly, ignoring how Sumire's wet skirt was wetting her own. Eh, my underwear is wet enough anyway, she joked to herself. "I'm sorry," Sumire told her. That probably weirded you out. But, please don't think any less of me." Futaba stared at her. "How in God's name could I do that?" she asked. Sumire stared at her. "You managed to hold that much in for this long!? That's nothing short of impressive Sumi! I could never do that!" "S-So you don't think it's off that I pissed myself at 17?" Sumire asked. Futaba shook her head. "Not at all!" she replied. "I think you're the coolest, most awesome, most amazing person in the world. A little accident isn't going to change how I feel about you!"

She stopped talking then, realising what she'd just said. Sumire caught it too, because she went as red as her hair. "Taba," she said softly. "How do you feel about me?" Futaba wanted to back out and say that she felt a friendship towards her, but after seeing that, she figured there was no other answer. So instead, she blurted out, "Ihaveamajorcrushonyou!" Sumire went even redder, if that was at all possible. Futaba wanted to back out, but before she could, Sumire hugged her again. "That's wonderful!" she said happily. "Because I feel the same way!" "Y-You do?" Futaba asked. Sumire nodded. "Of course I do!" she replied. "How could I not? You're adorable, super smart, and you look so cute when you geek out!"

Futaba felt like she was walking on air at this. She was so heartened by this, that she even admitted, "Being 100% honest here, seeing that turned me on so much." Sumire stared at her. "You mean, you like that sort of thing?" she asked. Now it was Futaba's turn to blush. Still, she nodded her head slightly. "I-I see," Sumire replied. Feeling bad for admitting that, Futaba was about to backtrack, when Sumire said, in a small voice, "I kinda liked it too." Futaba stared. Before she could respond, Sumire added, "I-If it's alright with you, I might like to try that again sometime?" Futaba practically leaped into Sumire's arms at this. "That is the best thing you could've said to me," she told her, which made Sumire smile. The two new girlfriends then proceeded to clean up Sumire's mess and quickly dry off her clothes on the hand dryer. Then, hand in hand, they left Shujin, eager to start their new relationship.

In case it wasn't clear, the two of them are 17 in this story. So, what did you think? Like I said, that was my first time writing anything remotely smutty, so please let me know how I did. Also, since I'm AMAB, writing two women being turned on was kinda hard for me, so any criticism on that front will be greatly appreciated. I have a few more ideas for these two, so do also let me know if you'd like to see me make this into a multichapter story. Anyway, thanks for reading. (By the way, if you recognise this writing style from any other website, no you don't!)

*001*2024-12-30 00:38

Bumping this up because it took almost a week for the moderators to approve it. Hope you don't mind.

