A weekend of friends

Author: Hazel

*000*2017-06-01 03:43

Emily was staring out the windows staring at the sky, It was bright blue with a couple of wispy clouds hovering in the air. She was sitting in the windowsill waiting for her friends, staring out at the endless blue. Emily is about 5"5' with long blonde hair and she was wearing a red tank top and blue skinny jeans. There was a knock at the door, she snapped back into the real world and skipped over to the door. She opened it the door to welcome Hailey and Amy who were both wearing blue skinny jeans and were the same height as Emily. Hailey had short brown hair and Amy had long wavy red hair. Hailey was wearing a black t-shirt and Amy was wearing a blue t-shirt. They all walked in and Emily asked, "Can i get you anything to drink?"

"If its not to much trouble, water would be great." Amy and Hailey both replied.

Emily walked into the kitchen area and poured three glasses of water. It was a sunny Saturday morning and Emily's parents had gone out of town for the weekend. They started chatting and started making breakfast. They were very efficient, passing eggs, flour, butter, and the lot to each other to make some pancakes. Amy covered her hand with flour and set it on Emily's shoulder, Emily didnt realize what was going on until it was too late, Amy had covered her arm with flour and Hailey was watching this whole thing laughing like there was no tomorrow. They got back at each other and then finally sat down to eat. They all were so hungry at that point that they inhaled the pancakes and not a single word was said while they were eating. "Those were amazing!" Hailey exclaimed!

"We did a pretty swell job " Amy replied.

"My arms dirty." Emily said half jokingly.

The group finished eating and Amy pulled out her phone and started looking at mountain biking trails while Hailey and Emily did the dishes. Amy showed them a trail a 25 mile trail through the countryside that was rated very highly. The pondered over the prospect of mountain biking and decided you know what why not. Emily felt a little pressure from her bladder but was too shy to admit it, little did she know Amy and Hailey just went through the exact same thought process. They all packed some water and snacks into 3 backpacks they would carry and threw three bikes into the bike rack. They all stepped into the car and drove off towards the trail header.

30 minutes later they arrived at the trail header and now Emily felt herself needing to pee. Ill be fine she told herself, ill be fine. They all got on their bikes and took off down the trail. It was a dirt single track leading through rolling hills and with a small river flowing alongside them.

"It's beautiful!" exclaimed Amy!

"This is amazing!" the other 2 replied.

The sun was shining down on the rolling hills and causing them to look gold. Emily looked over at her surroundings and saw a forest to the right with densely packed trees, in front of her were rolling olden hills extending on as far as they eye could see. The river to their left glimmered from the suns rays reflecting off of its surface, It was a sight to behold. Though the more Emily thought about the river, the more she realized just how desperate she was getting in terms of her bladder. The trail suddenly veered to the right and into a less dense part of the forest. The trail stayed this way for the next 30 minutes when Emily was getting really desperate. She felt her bladder screaming for relief and she knew she couldnt hold it for much longer.

All the sudden she felt a little bit of liquid dribbe out into her panties. She felt the fabric soak it up and it wasnt visible but she knew she had to find a place to pee soon or she was going to have an accident. Amy was too feeling desperate. Even more than Emily. She had dribbled a little about 5 minutes ago and now she felt it, her muscles gave out for a second and she felt a felt a spurt saturate her panties and leave a dime sized wet spot on her jeans. Hailey was doing pretty bad as well. She hadnt dribbled at all but felt herself leak for a good 10-15 seconds beofre stopping it, causing a small wet spot to form on her jeans.

"Hey guys, I really have to pee." said Amy.

"me too" replied Emily.

"I leaked a bit" replied Hailey.

"What if we did a challenge." Emily replied, a bit nervous.

"What do you mean?" replied Amy and Hailey.

"What if we try to hold in our pee as long as we can and the last person to wet themselves wins." Emily said.

"ok, im intrigued." replied Hailey.

"Oh what the hell, ill do it." replied Amy

And it began. Little did the others know but all of them were into omarashi but were to shy to admit it to each other. As the ride continued, Emily figured out a strategy. She sat a little forward on the seat so that the thinner part at the front was pushing her urethra and had the same affect as if she had held herself. They continued the ride and it was pretty uneventful or so they thought. Amy had been leaking a little bit every couple of minutes and knew she was about to lose it, She felt her muscles contract again and a 3 second long spurt come flooding her pants. She saw the wet spot on her pants grew and knew it was almost over. Another ten minutes past and all the sudden Amy groaned. The wet spot on her jeans was growing at an alarming rate. Amy felt pee gushing out her and it felt amazing.

She peed for a solid 2 minutes before realizing what had just happened. Well crap she said to herself. Emily and Hailey were both in shock, Emily felt a slow leak coming out during the event as she lost concentration and she knew she was going to lose control soon. Hailey wasnt doing much better, Every time she peddled she leaked a little bit, they both had softball sized wet spots on their pants. Over the next 10 minutes nothing happened, a little leak there a little leak here, until Hailey felt it, her bladder contracted and she couldnt fight it. Pee poured out of her, soaking her pants and pee was pouring onto the trail as they rode. This was all too much for Emily, As soon as Hailey stopped, She started. It started as a trickle and then turned into niagra falls, She felt pee Filling her pants and puring down her legs. Now all three of them were wet. "I guess i won?" asked Emily.

"Only this time." replied Amy, who knew she would win next time.

Maybe continued, depends on what the readers want. Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated and let me know if you want me to continue this story!

*002*2017-06-02 04:09

{{2 hours ago, AD51 said:

@Hazel

Not bad, I certainly wouldn't mind if you continued the story. But maybe if you were a little more descriptive on the wetting, I think the story would be a lot more rewarding on the payoff.

}}

I found it difficult to describe it from all three perspectives. I guess i could do it from one point of view and have Emily observing from a non-omniscient point of view. That would allow me to be far more descriptive.

