Girls gets punished for to be girls!

Author: huberp76

*024*2023-03-01 21:18

“You get only one chance to perform and if you are able to satisfied my expectations then we can talk about more, but i tell you by now my label for you will be very high.

You will have to endure and to bear a lot piss urge to get a second chance!” said the bailiff.

”Me and my bladder will not disappoint you.” answered Amanda and went for work.

Next day, early in the morning was Amanda back in the bailiff’s office.

He was her boss, but he acted like he was a master at a S&M relation.

To that time, so many years ago, had a man at his position much might and the farmhands had on the other hand no rights, not even to right to piss without to ask for permission and many times there was no time for such low needs, they had to suppress their urge for hours and sometimes all day, like the 4 girls at the field. No body did care about a girls full bladder except the sadistic bailiff and some other boys.

“Have you done what you got told? Do you have your bladder full ?“ he asked energetic.

“Oh yes sir, i did not pee that morning, my bladder is full as you want it. What else can i do for you?“ asked Amanda silently voice.

“You will work at the barn today and every 2 hours you have to come to me to show me your panties. We will see how long you be able to keep them dry.“ said the guy.

Amanda lifted her clothes and showed him her panties and her bare sexy thighs, then she did leave.

She came back twice before lunch and did the same procedure.

Later at afternoon, she was standing again in the office with her garb lifted up to show him her belly, her thighs and her still dry panties.

The guy asked her how she is feeling, the real reason for his question was that he wanted to hear that she is needing to pee very bad and that he wanted to hear her begging him to let her go to the toilet, but she did not say something like that. He pressed softly on her lower abdomen, exactly on her full bladder, a girl bladder full with pee from 18 hours.

He could feel the contours of her bladder, it felt like it was a soft ball inside her belly.

This erotic toy was not really hard, he could press his fingers deep inside.

Amanda was moaning from the strong pee urge, but she did let him do it and he pressed harder and deeper to torture her more and more, but her panties stayed still dry.

Before dinner she came again and it was again the same procedure and the same question as before.

This time she answered “I would need to pee very urgently, but i can endure more, my bladder must bear up longer, if you want that.“

The guy was very impressed from Amanda’s performance and from her endurance.

He could not resist, he slide the fabric between her thighs to side and pushed one finger deep in the girls slit.

“You can keep your dirty little cunt pretty long tight and i love that! That will not be your amiss.“said the guy and pushed her a second finger in her tight young cunt.

After dinner she came again. Her panties were still dry, but her belly was now visible swollen. Her bladder was still not bulging out very much, but it was visible to see in her usual flat abdomen.

“May i piss before i go to sleep ?“ asked the girl shy and unsure.

“Oh my god, what a question, what did she ask me, would she really go to sleep with her bladder full from 24 hours if i refuse her to go to the toilet?“ asked the guy himself.

“Can you endure not to piss until tomorrow? Can you hold it back for so long?“ asked the man.

“I don’t know, i never before did not pee for so long, but i can try it.

My bladder really hurts me, but if you want it i can endure more pain and i am good trained and strong enough to hold it back for a longer time , but i don’t know, could my bladder burst if i don’t piss for so extreme long ?“ asked Amanda .

*026*2023-03-03 11:50

{{5 hours ago, Holdon said:

She sounds too good to be true. Amanda sounds very special! 😊

}}

Oh yes, Amanda is special!

She is accustomed to have her bladder full for long periods of time and she is trained to suppress her urge until she gets a natural chance, or until she is allowed to go like girls should be able to do that. She is able to endure to overfill her bladder to double size or bigger, but the strongest girl will piss her panties if she can’t go to the toilet long enough, or if she is not allowed to go!

*027*2023-03-04 23:16

Amanda was still standing with her frock lifted up in front of the guy.

To see her legs bare up until her panties and her belly swollen from her very full bladder was turn him on very much.

The shape of her legs was so sexy for him and he wanted to see this legs crossed from needing to wee so much, but the girl was still able to stand perfectly normal although she was holding her urine from 24 hours inside her.

”So great that girl, as well her body as her performance “ thought the guy to himself.

He was absolutely impressed from Amanda’s ability to hold it, but he had a little problem, he did not have time tomorrow, he had a business meeting in the town and would not be back until late afternoon.

He wanted to watch her hold, he wanted to see her suffer and to see how she act when she is near her limit of endurance and it would be absolutely impossible that she could bear up until tomorrow late afternoon and so he told her that he would allowed to piss.

On on hand was Amanda glad to be released from “need to piss pain “ and on the other hand she was disappointed.

It was a very large farm and she thought with a good holding performance she could get a new job, a soft job and that she would no more need to work all day long at the field.

She did know it from Reese that the bailiff loves if girls hold their pee until their bursting point and she was worried now that she would not be good enough for him.

”My urge is very strong and i am needing to go really bad, but why do you let me piss, why don’t you make me hold longer? I can endure more, I can bear up longer, let me show it to you!

Are you not satisfied with me and my performance?” asked Amanda.

” You are doing it pretty good, i think that you are a really „holding talent“ but today and tomorrow is not a good time, you get a new chance next week.

You asked me if your bladder could burst if you would hold it to long, you don’t have to worry about that.

At the Middle Ages, girls did get punished for doing something wrong with a bladder torture.

They were not allowed to piss for extreme long periods of time, they tortured them very hard and painful that way. They did not let them piss until they looked like they were pregnant for 7 months.

Special bad girls were punished extreme hard, the girl was getting plugged up and made to drink a large amount of water.

She could not piss that way, they filled her bladder until three times bigger than full and it was nearly unbearable for the girl, but her bladder did not burst.

A bladder can endure a lot, it can stretch and expand very much, so you don’t have be afraid that your bladder could explode, you would piss yourself long before.“ answered the man.

He told her to lift her clothes up again. He started to massage her swollen belly, especially her bladder. He pressed more and more on it.

The poor girl was moaning very loud, she was breathing very fast, she was needing to piss so bad, it was hurting her so much, but he did not stop to torture her, he pressed harder and harder.

“Sorry but more can i not endure, i will piss my panties if you push even more stronger.“ whispered the girl.

He pushed one more very hard, her panties stayed sill dry and then he did let her piss in a jug.

She pissed with high pressure exactly 1.350 ml in the measuring jug.

„That is a lot for a young, slim girl like you, but you have your dirty little cunt not just for to piss.“ said the guy.

Amanda did know very well what he meant and asked „ do you want to fuck me?“

“ Oh yes i want to fuck you, you are made for to get fucked and you are made for to made hold your piss, but as i already told you, not to day.

Next week you get your second chance.

We will go together to the alpine pasture.

At the day before you piss at 3 pm, then you will go to sleep without peeing, you are not allowed to piss in the morning before we leave.

We will stay at the cabin overnight, then you can show me your limit of endurance and then i will fuck you, of course before i let you piss!” explained the guy.

