Boring Little Secret

Author: HissGenerator

*000*2022-03-17 07:44

You know.. I never really understood why she walked like that:

The left leg over the right, the right over the left—does she think herself a model?

Oh, by the way, that’s Alexis over there, with her “impress us Alexus” walk. I’m John—I know, boring name; I wear a polo and khakis—I know, still boring; I work a desk job counting inventory for a large conglomerate that makes all sorts of sanitary products—yes, yes, I’m one to bore another to death. But that’s exactly who I want to be: Mr. Boring, who is the least likely to have some kind of weird, odd thing about him (*wink* *wink*). Not Alexis, though..

Alexis shows it all: her lifestyle, her clothing preferences, her perspectives; you name it, she’ll show it. I don’t know how she does it—so openly and confidently; I wouldn’t dream in a million years..

Anyways.. her walk!.. that’s right, I was pointing out her walk.. yeah, it’s.. strange why she walks like that, as if she wants everyone to stare at the swinging of her hips, and those skintight jeans revealing her smooth figure, those legs that—oh, woops, I better watch where I’m going, I almost tripped..

Huh.. he—hey, I know that look.. I.. I’m not a creep, I swear. Sometimes I get mesmerized—I mean there’s not much to look at as I catch the bus back home.

Alexis is a colleague of mine—yes, with all her personality, yet she works at the same boring conglomerate as I. I met her in the office break-room, though under very awkward circumstances: she was getting a cup of water from the sink, but when she opened the faucet, some water sprayed on her jeans. Seeing this unfold, I quickly went over to see what was the matter with the faucet, you know, trying to help and all. Unfortunately, my unthinking self opened the knob and she was standing in just the right position where the water sprayed on her crotch; and her wearing jeans made matters worse, as it was quite apparent what it looked like to any random passerby: she wet herself.

But, surprisingly, she did not make a fuss about it at all, and totally was okay with what I had just done. My face was absolutely red; and I swear, I must’ve had damp pit stains from my nerves shooting through the roof. But she broke the ice, by merely giving me my nickname, which I loathe: John.. son of wetting—there’s no ring to that, and it’s cringy, but perhaps more awkward than what I’ve inflicted upon her.

So, her quirkiness somehow made things less awkward, by matching my awkwardness, or surpassing it.

Anyways, what was odd at the time was that she didn’t get any napkins to lighten her dampened crotch. She just.. let it be.. huh.

Alexis and I take the same bus on our way back home; she gets off four stops before I. So, this gives me ample opportunity to talk to her, get to know her, etc., etc.

She likes running, all kinds of genres of music, all kind of clothing styles—though, I’ve noticed at times she’d wear the same pair of jeans twice or three times. I always thought girls don’t do that, except maybe with black leggings or something.. Anyways, she likes reading: occasionally I’ll find her reading mystery or horror; she tells me she likes inferring about some mystery or the thrill of horror, by imagining herself as a character in the book she’s reading. Sometimes she’s so involved in her reading binges, she squirms in her bus seat out of desperation to use the bathroom; because instead of having gone before the bus ride, she was instead reading.

In fact, I’ve seen her in this situation multiple times, which prompted me to ask her why she doesn’t just go before the bus ride. And all she has to tell me is that she really enjoys reading. Though, I think she’s not letting on entirely. I think maybe her desperation amplifies the thrill of horror or the impatience of finding the mystery, and she secretly enjoys it. But maybe I’m wrong—because with all her eccentricity, confidence, and openness, why would she not tell me the entire reason?

When I see her squirm, it’s so adorable and I can’t help but smile. She bites her lower lips and presses her legs together. Once I snatched her book away, while she was attentively mesmerized in it, catching her by surprise, and she gets out of her desperate-copping routine just for a second, after which she quickly places both her hands between her legs, then grabbing the book back while keeping her other hand tucked between her upper thighs.

I swear I must’ve made her leak a little or something because she let out a gasp and then quickly held herself. She annoyingly pushed the side of my face with her one her hands and grabbed the book away from me, and I could have sworn as her hand left my face I felt a cool evaporating sensation on my skin, as if spare droplets of water quickly evaporated away after being smeared by a wet paper towel—did she legit just smear her damp pee-hand on face; no, no, it must’ve been sweat from keeping her hands tucked between her legs for so long.

She was wearing jeans that day, but I didn’t think to look whether her crotch had darkened.

So, today’s been another boring day at work, I’d better catch-up with her ahead before the bus stop. I’ll see you tomorrow, then, right? Right.

Hello everyone! This is my first story. I know it’s not much, but that’s only because I’d like to make a series out of it. Also, I like taking things slow, just to build up the tension, so then the actual climax of a story is incredibly intense. Also, it gives me the opportunity to read some of comments and listen to some of your ideas for inspiration. —HG

$

*002*2022-03-24 22:26

For those reading, skip to chapter three below, then come back up to this one. I messed up in organizing the chapters. Thank you.

Chapter Four: Little Secret, Big Piss

“John, hey! How is Alexis?”

“How’s Alexis..? Oh! That’s right, she’s doing good. She wasn’t upset, though; I lied. It was because you caught us in a moment, and your presence caught me by surprise.”

“Listen, the wildest, hottest thing happened to me after I saw you that day.”

“After you left . . . “

I walked her home, since taking the bus was a no-go. She piss-soaked her jeans and dampened my khakis when I hugged her.

“Oh my.. Alexis!.. you literally pissed on me! Look at my fucking khakis.. what the fuck am I gonna do, I can’t the bus, and my house is too far by walk!”

Although Alexis’ bus stop is only four stops prior to mine, those bus stops are placed at quiet the distance—it would take longer to walk from her place to my place than from work to her place.

“Oh my g—Alexis! How am I gonna get home?! You and your fucking book, why are you.. wh—ugggggghh!”

At this point, I’m fuming. Although what she did back there was.. arousing.., after I returned back to reality, I realized that we were in public. There were people in the street, albeit not many, but still people—people walking towards us, having to pass us by; the embarrassment gets to me. I value my boringness: it diverts all attention from myself: just a boring man, with a boring sense of style, but all of that is out the window with my piss—I’m sorry—her piss soaking my khakis.

Alexis, on the other hand, is bright red and mute. She’s looking straight ahead in total silence, refusing to make any eye contact.

Then there’s me: yelling at her. My blazing heart redirecting its fire to my actual head and voice—

“Alexis! Are you not going to fucking answer me?! Are you not going to say anythi—“

She quickly turns her head to me, eyes dug into mine:

“JOHN! WILL YOU PLEASE.. j-just..”

Her eyes start to shake swiftly left to right, and tears start forming in the corners..

“..shut the fuck.. uu-uu-uu-uuuuppppp—”

She starts full sobbing and my face freezes.. my heart sinks to bottom of my stomach.. all of its fire extinguished by her tears..

I hug her immediately.

I quickly take my jacket off and wrap it around her waist, and quickly get back to hugging her.

“Hey.. listen.. I’m sorry, I—I don’t know what came over me.. it’s just that I stick out like a sore thumb with these wet pants. I’m boring for a reason, you know: I don’t like the attention being on me. But I didn’t think twice that maybe you felt the same way..”

She, sobbing and talking into my chest:

“I’m sorr-rr-ryyyy, I—I.. >muffled, jumbled speech< lost control, but I didn’t m-m-mean to—your.. yel—yel..ling is giving me a p-panic attack-k-k-k..”

“Hey, hey.. I’m sorry. I’m sorry..”

I rubbed her shoulder profusely, thinking:

‘Gosh, what the fuck is wrong with me?.. I made her cry—I made her wet herself, then I made her cry: good fucking job..’

I consoled her.

She stops crying, and looks me in my eyes briefly, her eyes innocently pink, before pulling away—then punches me in my arm out of nowhere:

“Don’t you EVER fucking yell at me like that again!”

“Ahhh, ssss!..”

Fuck, her punches hurt, as I rub my arm.

We walk for a bit in silence, I afraid of saying a word that may set her off. But we had to do something about our situation.

“S-so, what are.. we going to do?”

She annoyingly retorts:

“Well, John, maybe we should just examine the damage and take selfies. What do you mean: ‘what are we going to?’, go home, obviously!”

“Right, but my place is too far, and the sun is setting.. soon your piss in my khakis is gonna get real cold..”

“Can you not refer to my piss being in your khakis, please?.. Fine, this is what we’ll do: you’ll come to my place and change there, happy?”

“Are you sure, I can just wait outside while you get me something el—“

“No, no—just come in, it’ll soon get real cold and I don’t want you freezing. Just come inside when we get there.”

. . . .

An hour passes and it’s dark outside. Alexis is absolutely freezing—remember, she pissed herself a decent lot; I just got the surface wetness and a portion of her jet piss. We’re only a five blocks away though.

Alexis, shivering:

“Brrr, oh fuck it’s cold..”

“Yeah, I know, these wet khakis are making things worse.”

“How you think I feel, these skintight jeans are little painted on my legs: I can feel the cold piss in them..”

Although the sun is down, I can still see the dark patches of soaked jeans. Her pussy must be so cold, I thought to myself. As I was secretly peeking at her crotch, she places hold hands against herself, pressing them in an upward-like manner: there’s no way she still has to pee, I thought.

“Hey, do you still have to pee or something..?”

She quickly takes her hands out of her crotch:

“Nooo..? I’m.. just.. cold..”

“Oh—“

“Why are you looking where my hands are, don’t you have full proof on your pants already?”

“No—I.. ugh, never mind.”

We reach another two blocks closer and I notice she squeezes her legs together, slowing down a bit. She places her right hand in her bladder and her hand in her crotch.

“Hey, I knew it! You have to pee still! Wow, I thought you finished back there..”

She shaking her head while giving in:

“Well, I haven’t finished then; what, did you expect me to let go completely?”

“No, but I thought that final jet of piss was what was remaining—I mean it was a lot: I thought that was the rest of it.”

“Well, it obviously isn’t—“

As we’re walking, I grab her right arm to stop:

“What were you doing back there? When I accidentally made you leak, you kept going; and it looked like you did it on purpose..”

She bats her eyes to left, shy to respond, but speaks anyway:

“I—it was an accident at first, but it felt so playful—you tickling me and all—and it kind of.. made me.. feel good.. so I let a little more out because.. it felt good—I’m sorry, this is just too awkward to say—“

I was stunned: felt good, to wet—it felt good to wet herself? Huh, makes me think why I felt good after seeing her wet herself.

“You know, you weren’t alone, right?”

“Oh yeah!.. when I saw little Johnson come out, I was caught by surprise because it made me realize that I turned you on..”

I bat my eyes away, embarrassed.

“Uhh, yeah.. I don’t know what came over me: I guess you having an accident just got me somehow..”

She feels her heart straiten a bit and her crotch tingle, but quickly ignores it, refusing to entertain the reality of what she’s heard. Breaking the awkward shyness, she diverts our conversation:

“Hey, listen, we need to get home, it’s really cold and I have to pee—“

“I have to pee, too!—“

“..uhh, okay John..”

She feeing awkward that I just blurted that out of nowhere, but slightly enticed by the fact that I, as she, am in need of a piss.

We reach the block before her place. I feel the urge to grow stronger in my bladder, bringing my legs together. And she takes notice, placing her left hand tightly on her crotch, as if her seeing my desperation made her get the urge to pee as well.

Her place is now around the corner. Another urge overcomes me and I place my hand in partially wet pocket, grabbing my dick hard to cope my desperation. She sees me do it, as I don’t bother hiding it, and feels a tingle in her crotch, aroused briefly at the sight of my desperation.

“Well, we’re here.. let me just find my keeeys.. my keeeys, my keeeys, where are my keeeys..?”

“Come on, Alexis, find your keys faster, it’s freaking cold—and I have to pee..”

As another urge crashes into me, I grab my crotch with both hands tightly. Then cross my legs, left over right; then right over left.

“Holy fuck!.. where the hell are my keys?!.. brrrrr, ho-ho-hoooo.. ha.. ha.. brrr.. that breeze is not helpiiiinnnggg..

“Brrrr, oh maaan, that chill—Alexis, the keys, where are your keeeys?! Come on, I have to pee, I’ve been holding it all day, unlike you!”

She feels her heart skip a beat and another tingle in her crotch, but ignores it.

“Wait, John, wait a little more; I don’t know where my key is.”

“Oh, just stop talking me and look for your the keys, dammit.”

I place my left hand in my pants and grab my dick over my briefs, as I lightly stomp my feet in desperation. She seeing this, gets distracted from finding her keys.

“Damn, how can a key disappear in my bag, I remember having it this morning..”

“Alexis! How can you misplace your key?! Did I not give you your keys the other day?!

Ohh, oh for the love of—Alexis, why are you like this, hm? First you fall and lose your key, then you piss yourself wet, and now you torture me with your inability to find your key?!

“Alexis, I swear, if you don’t open this door right now, I’m going to piss myself and whip you to death with my soaked khakis!”

Upon hearing this, her heart skips another beat and her crotch tingles even more. Unable to ignore it, she starts picturing my desperation intensifying, getting aroused thereby.

“Alexis!.. Give.. me..—“

I try to snatch her bag from her, snapping her out of her fantasy; but she quickly insists she can find her key, tugging back her bag from me, like in a game of tug-of-war—

“Give.. me.. yooourrr—BAG!..”

I snatch it away from her, annoying her: she punches me, with her mighty punch, in the lower abdomen, effectively snatching her bag out from my hands.. but—

“Ahhh.. Alexis!..YOU’VE MADE ME—“

She remarking:

“Hey, that’s what you get for taking my stuff; don’t ta—“

She pauses as her eyes scroll down and stop, noticing my partially dry, partially wet, grayish patch of her piss is layered with my own splotch, leaving behind a yellow tinge on my crotch, dripping down trailing droplets therefrom.

She quickly looks at me, her eyes frozen in place. Her hearts starts pounding gradually faster and her crotch starts tingling. Despite the cold, she breaks a small sweat on her forehead.

I look at her, mixed with emotions: feeling my face turn red and the blood of embarrassment reaching my throat; yet nevertheless getting aroused by the warmth of the release engulfing my crotch, and feeling naughty that I did so in front of her.

I looked directly into her eyes, unwavering, as she did me earlier at the bus stop. She stares back and hiccups, as she slowly gets turned on.. forgetting her keys.. forgetting her bag.. as it slowly slips out of her fingers, hitting the ground.

She looks me in my eyes, darting between them and my yellow, steamy piss patch. Her face turns red in arousal.

Her mouth opens slightly and she briefly bites the corner of her left lip: she can’t stop looking my wet crotch. Her heart starts pounding hard and slow, and she feels her crotch tingling even more, unable to stop herself from making a comment:

“Mmmm, John, that looks warm.. and I’m so co—it’s so cold..”

Her response flooring me, as my heart slows intensely to the beat of hers, pounding harder with ever beat—suddenly the urge to let a little more out overtook me as I forgot myself in her eyes.

“Ssssssst”, my crotch hissing softly whilst I struggle to speak:

“ahhhhhh.. the cold is sooo cold and my.. my.. isss soooo warmmmm.. mmmm..”

My warmth giving me goosebumps, shivering and forcing me to bite my bottom lip.

The yellow-tinged patch brightens and follows the path her piss took down my pants earlier, extending the path further, below my upper left thigh, with my own.

Her front door light randomly turns on, exposing her dark, hard and perky nipples through her white shirt—hm, she’s not wearing a bra for some reason. Her face is evidently bright red. She can’t help but unconsciously place her left index finger once again into her mouth, biting down on it.

Seeing her turned her on, I exploit her vulnerability for my own satisfaction:

“Mmmm, it’s so cold, and my crotch is sooo warmmmm—“

Biting my bottom lips, exposing my upper teeth, as if my teeth force-shut my speech and exaggerates the silence of the still air, leaving our eyes no choice but to dig into each other’s naughty minds.

In the stillness of the air, I let out another forced squirt: “HHSSssst!”, hissing against my tight briefs: my crotch covered once again in hot warmth. My piss patch suddenly explodes in yellow and travels down my lower left thigh and just over my left knee.

Upon seeing and hearing it, she flinches and shivers, goosebumps running all over her body: her mirror neurons privy her access to my inner warm, piss-soaked sensation. Her nipples harden even more and her crotch swells, tingling even more. She bites down even harder on her finger.

Her reaction turns me on, and I grow a hard-on within seconds.

“Oh..”

As I look below at the tent my cock has pitched in my khakis, then back into her eyes.

Her eyes widen and she takes her finger out of her mouth, lest she bites it off entirely, and bites her bottom lips intensely. Standing, she crosses her legs like an X, her feet placed on on opposite sides. She places both her hands between her upper thighs and against her crotch over her jeans, pulling upwards, as her crotch tingles uncontrollably.

Suddenly, her swollen bladder urges her for release, but she withholds, turning her on more as her desperation takes a hold of her.

“Mmmm, I wanna pee.. but not yet.. I wanna see more from you—I wanna hear you give in while I struggle..

My teeth relinquish my bottom lips, reddened and teeth-marked by my biting down hard; my lower jaw drops and I look down: I put my right hand over the khakis, grabbing my crotch tightly:

“Ohhh! Fuuuck!—“

And forcefully release another jet of yellow piss:

“HHSHSHshshshsssst!”

—my hard pipe jetting piss as if a high-pressured hose—bursts through my tight briefs, khakis, and out from between the fingers of my fist altogether, squirting through it, vibrating lightly. My tight grasp forcing yellow piss laterally into my upper right thigh, leaking down, leaving behind three divergent trails, and ultimately dribbling onto the ground.

“Ohhh!.. so.. fucking.. warm.. mmmmm!”

She absolutely fucking loses it, as she lets go of her bottom lips, dropping her jaw, and rolling up her eyes—gasping and moaning—as her throbbing crotch tingles, leaking a few dribbles uncontrollably out of arousal; she starts rubbing her crotch up and down, over her semi-soaked jeans, with both her hands and lets out a high-pitched moan mid exclamation:

“Mmmm, that’s so.. so..—hmmmhhhheah!—mmmm—fuck!—“

As she rubs, she uncrosses her legs and slowly approaches me, seductively, and naughtily utters:

“I see you like flooding yourself, so naughty of you.. I want to feel that warm shaft as you let yourself go in those khakis..”

Her front door light randomly turns off.

She grabs my right arm and directs my warm pissed-soaked hand along her white shirt: up her waist, to her breasts, and up to her mouth, licking my whole palm, my wet hand smearing piss onto her shirt on the way up. I place the tips of my middle- and ring-fingers into her mouth. And, as she lightly bites on them, she slips her left hand into my khakis and grabs my shaft—her eyes seductively fixed to my own—whispering:

“Let..”

—Her eyes looking below—

“Go..”

—Her eyes looking back up into my own.

Her command forcefully opens my flood gates, my crotch instantly grows hot, having briefly cooled. She rubs herself over her jeans with her right hand and moans while she pulls on me with the other, each pump extracting more and more piss, engulfing her hand as she strokes. I softly uncontrollably moan, as I experience hot warmth and friction, my piss gushing into my briefs and khakis, warming my crotch and cold inner thighs. The warmth escaping in a soft hiss and trickles down between my thighs, over my knees, to my ankles, and into my loafers, warming my cold, numb feet.

In all that ecstasy, the thought of busting while pissing floods my mind as my piss floods my pants. All the right sounds, all the right warmth—I look down, my khakis covered in yellow, glistening steamy piss—and I moan uncontrollably yet again at its sight; she responding in like manner, as she rubs herself more and more, pressing her right hand against herself harder and harder over her cold, semi-soaked jeans; warming up her crotch thereby with each subsequent rub.

I grab her left hand away from her crotch, licking its palm and placing it on my accelerating, pounding heart, so she could feel my blood pump from one hand to the other stroking while covered in warm piss.

I slowly raise my right hand against her waist and up under her shirt, squeezing her soft breasts—briefly twirling her irresistible hard nipples; then move my hand up and through the neck of her shirt, raising her shirt, which lifts her breasts therewith—her shirt lifts just high enough, releasing and exposing her breasts, they falling back down, bouncing in place. My right hand around her throat, I push her against her house wall outside, she responding with a subdued moan through her bitten-down lips.

She naughtily remarks:

“Are you going to force it out me..?

I stare into her eyes, just a few inches away, unwavering in gaze while keeping my right hand on her throat, I fondle her breasts with my left hand; then, slowly slip down her chest, to her waist and into her skintight jeans, feeling her throbbing, soaked, warm lips. And she lets out a high-pitched moan, shivering in an ecstasy of goosebumps, her pussy quivering whilst I kiss the side of her neck, up to her ear, lightly biting its lobe and whisper:

“I want your piss, give it to me..”

I rub my left hand in circles, pressing with medium force while kissing her neck. I take my right hand off her throat and press it against her bladder.

She desperately tries to hold herself whilst I place more and more pressure on her bladder. She dribbles on my left hand as her sphincter is incapable of withstanding the pressure of my right hand, quickly succumbing to the overwhelming urge to urinate; Her slow dribbles swiftly grow into a full-blown jet, I rub faster as her piss crashes against my palm; and she shivers yet again, her body shaking in totality, releasing a squealing moan. I place my right hand back onto her throat, she mouthing:

“Fuck.”

She responds with faster motion on my member.

Despite being muffled by the jeans, the hiss of her gushing, vibrating piss in my hand is still clearly audible, as her piss is forced to gush into the puddle my hand forms in her crotch: starting high-pitched and slowly lowering in pitch as she forms a deepening puddle in her crotch whilst my hand rubs her profusely. Her piss exploding out the front of her jeans, glistening in the moonlight, re-wetting the first piss path from earlier, soaking her cold thighs and feet, making audible tricking at her ankles as piss floods the ground below—not thinking twice about the stinging in her scrapped knees.

All her sounds, her warmth hissing in my hand, her flowing down her legs, I uncontrollably moan, partially loudly, as I hastily subdue my own mouth with my left hand lest the neighbors hear, continuing muffled under my own hand. My eyes roll back, my knees feeling weak, as if I’ve lost all control of my body; just as I empty my bladder, I explode in an unfathomable experience—I felt as though I’d faint, with each subsequent burst of load, her hands slipping in a slosh of cum and piss; I consequently rub her faster and harder.

She, still pissing, nearly belching a squealing, high-pitched moan, due to my acceleration, into the still night as I quickly release her throat and cover her mouth, subduing her mouth—she ever so slightly giggling through it—as she reaches climax, signaled by her short, quick exhalation and her steadily weakened stream accelerating in jet-like manner, in rhythmic pulses of six or seven bursts of whatever is remaining in her bladder, moaning through my right hand over her mouth, with each subsequent jet of piss.

She shivers, her body thrashing in an orgasmic ecstasy, her skin riding through a rollercoasters of goosebumps. I rub even faster until the end of the rhythmic cycle.

Her jeans are absolutely fucking soaked.

As we both finish.. we just.. stand there—not thinking twice that perhaps her neighbors might’ve seen us, or that her light would randomly flicker back on exposing us—and gaze into each other’s eyes..

We kiss, moaning in affection.

*Two hours later*

“We speak of this to no one—not even the kiss—got it?”

Oh, but there’s no way I could secret this experience from you, of course.

“What, Alexis, with all her eccentricity and confidence, keeps secrets?”

“This is the only secret that will I have—“

“Mmmm, I don’t think that’s entirely true. I bet there’s more..”

She bats her eyes to the side and back to mine, grinning.

“Thanks for letting me shower and the pajamas—I’m gonna have to walk home in girly pajamas—let me know when you’ve washed and dried my clothes. I’ll stop by your place and pick them up sometime next week.”

“Hey, no problem. Don’t worry, you look cute in those pajamas; they’re mine, of course!”

“Haha, right. And—hey—I’m really sorry about earlier today, I didn’t mean to give you a panic attack and make you cry..”

“Oh, it’s alright, I’ve had these panic attacks for some time now; they only happen when I’m under a lot of pressure; and while public wetting is embarrassing enough, your yelling wasn’t helping. Plus, you’ve more than made up for it *wink, wink*.”

“Haha, right, yes.. will—“

“Hm?”

“Will.. will there be a next time?”

“There might be..”

I smile and she smiled back.

“Oh! By the way, my keys were in my right jeans pocket. After I finished, I looked down at my soaked jeans—there was so much steam coming out of it—and I noticed a bulge in my right pocket: my keys, soaked in piss.. oopsy, hehe..”

“I’m so glad you misplaced your keys!”

“Ugh, you were so fucking hot—I’ve never uncontrollably moaned, but you.. were.. just.. mm.”

“Hey, you were great, too—I mean, you actually stunned me, ‘cuz I thought you were someone who’s boring and plain; I didn’t think that you like omo, too?”

“Heh, yeah, that’s my secret; I’m a boring guy with a dirty little secret.”

“Mmmm, I can’t wait to show what’s in store for you; I’m going to exploit this—if you thought this was really intense, you have no idea how much further I can step it up a notch..”

“Surprise me. ‘Til next time, then.”

Now the cold trek back home..

..halfway home, I think to myself why my dumb-self didn’t just ask to stay overnight.

I guess the whole experience has unscrewed a few bulbs in my head..

1

Quote

It seems easier just to continue my story in the same topic thread. I’m new, so I guess this my rookie mistake. 

*003*2022-03-24 23:13

I’m re-posting from a new topic into this one. I’m new, so I botched the organization of chapters; please excuse my rookie mistake.

Chapter Three: Bus-stop Madness

“Hey, Alexis, what’ve you got in your hand there?”

“Oh, this, it’s just a bunch cream for my knees—you know, when I fell that day.”

She looks away as her face turns slightly pink.

“Hey, listen, about that day, I just want to let you know that there’s no shame in what happened; it was just bad luck.”

“Shame? Why would I feel shameful?”

“Well, you seemed embarrassed, and not like your usual self—I mean, I thought after you fell, you’d say some clever thing or a joke of some kind; but your face just turned red”—as it’s turning so slightly now—“when I saw you you wet yourself a little that day. Heck, you couldn’t even look me in my eye!”

Her face is now fully red, and she stutters:

“I—I.. wasn—wasn’t shameful.. it’s just.. I..”

“Hey, like I said, no shame, right?”

She nods.

“Anyways, anything new going on?”

As I try to change the subject, I could see her mind continuing to dwell on what had happened—

“—anything new going on?”

I’ve repeated myself and she still in a dozed-off trance.

“Alexis!”

“Huh! Yeah.. what’s up?.. oh right, the new—what new’s going on.. uhmmmm.. yeah, I started reading this new book; it’s a horror.”

“How come you like reading horrors so much—so much that you’re willing to risk.. you know.. potentially embarrassing yourself.. you know?”

Her mind seems to come back to the present, as her face lights up and eyes widen back to how she normally is:

“Ugh, Jooohn, you just don’t get it; these horror books are just so thrilling to read—there’s usually some kind of tension that starts, and it helps to picture yourself there alongside the characters. You expect one thing, and then—boom—this thing comes out of nowhere; and when I’m pretending to be in the story, by using my imagination, it actually scares me a little bit: I get goosebumps all over my body, thinking: ‘what if that thing is behind me, following me.’”

“Right, I understand, it’s a kind of experience you immerse yourself in, making the book more interesting than simply reading the words.. but.. and stop me when I get too awkward—“

She initially looking away, but as she hears my stammering, she turns her face to my face, her eyes staring at me in an innocent gaze:

“Hm..?”

She smiles ever so slightly.

“...What..?”

“Well.. I’ve.. noticed that you’ve lately been doing your whole “immersive horror experience” when you have to go to the bathroom. It’s got me thinking maybe you make yourself desperate to amplify the immersion of horror?”

Her confidence slightly shrivels away, and her eyes stray away from mine, as if I’ve read her mind and uncovered some sort of secret. She bites the left corner of her lip out of nervousness—but suddenly her confidence quickly rejuvenates, as if she’d found the perfect excuse for her predicament:

“Well, yeah, I guess you could say I do do that. I—“

I attempt to break the obvious awkward ice wall I’ve partitioned between ourselves.

“Oh, you also have to do do-do for your immers—“

“Ugh, no, what the fuck John!”

“Hahahahaha! Hey, look, you said it; you said—“

“No, I was trying to say that I—“

“That ‘I like holding my do-do, too.’”

“HHHHAHAHAhahahhehe—huuuuuu!—“

I cough hard.

She punches me with the swiftest, hardest punch in my gut, cutting my laughter, and gives me the sternest look:

“Hey, will you shut the fuck up for a moment you dumbass! I meant to say that I do-d—I do make myself desperate sometimes when the horror starts to get intense, so that the tension will get me scared more easily. It’s not the other way around.. it’s not like I make myself desperate so the horror will scare me enough to pee out of fear or something—“

She catches herself, and cuts mid-speech, but ultimately too late, as she reveals too much out of annoyance and nervousness..

Hm, I never thought she was doing the latter; but why did she mention that; I didn’t ask her about it. Does she actually make herself desperate so that the horror will scare her enough into wetting? Can a book even do that to someone? Or does she role-play as the protagonist and wets herself a little when the protagonist gets scared?

“So, I presume, it works then, right?.. makes it immersive?”

“Yeah..”

“Soooo, are you desperate now—I mean.. are—you.. you’ve got your new horror book now, so are you doing your trick now?”

She bursts out laughing, though evidently a nervous, fake laugh. Her smile slowly disappears and her face becomes red again. She breaks eye contact with me and turns her face halfway ahead and away from mine.

“I..”

“I..”

“Ugh, John, why are you asking me such dumb questions? You remember what happened when you suggested bad ideas last time, you lost your balls?”

“Hey! That was because you scared the fuck out of me—ugh, look what you’re making me do: cursing; I’m becoming like you now. I just hope I don’t start wetting myself—“

She turns to face me in the swiftest manner, as if a honing missile has found its target rendered for destruction. She brings her lips together and gives me a mile-long stare, and starts raising her arms in anger—though evidently playful and banter-like.

She lands a few slaps and punches, and I block a few of them. But, to get her to stop, I went on the offensive, tickling her and poking her sides with my fingers: the worse and most effective tickling maneuver known to man.

“He—haha—stop, stoooo—hahahahehehe. He—ah—hey, that’s no fair—hehehe.

I keep tickling her as it has effectively gotten her to stop punching me.

“He—ahhh—stop, you’re gonna make me pee, you’re gonna make me pee—stop, HAhahehehehe..

I didn’t hear her say stop—

“Sto—hahahahehehehehe—hahahaha—

She loudly gasps and swiftly looks down, and a little dark spot formed on the taint-crotch area of her jeans. I stop and am shocked.. I pitied her that I’ve just made her wet herself. I raise my hands and slowly shake my head in disbelief, profusely apologizing:

“H—hey.. I’m sorry, Im sorry.. I’m so.. sorry.. I—“

She swiftly looks back up at me and turns bright red in the blink of an eye.. but she doesn’t saying.

I seriously thought she’d be searing with anger and throw punches; but she.. was—her face was.. red—out of shyness and embarrassment, again, but also what seems like arousal—and she began biting her left index finger.. again; she was looking, oh so innocently, into my eyes.

At this point, I’m totally confounded..

And in that moment, I saw the dark patch on her taint-crotch get wider ever so slowly. Her eyelids initially opened wide—her pupils staring directly into mine—slowly shrunk, as if she took pleasure in it. She bites her bottom lip, and lifts her shirt slight for a better look at her growing patch; then her eyes darts back to mine, while her head still as a statue.

I was in a trance, frozen, mesmerized.. she kept going, kept wetting, little-by-little, as her piss slowly traveled up to the front of her crotch. My heart was pounding and I could start to feel a chub. I was sweating, and it felt like an inferno was kindled in my chest, slowly traveling down to my nether regions: I started getting hard, not thinking twice about pitching a tent in my khakis.

But that’s when I noticed too late that she noticed—I guess it was a tit-for-tat: I see her wet herself and she sees me pitch a tent. Her eyelids widened back, her head honed at my crotch, and stared, her index finger frozen in place just above the left corner of her bottom lip, her jaw slightly opened, for what feels like an eternity. My wood has entranced her. It did not help that I saw her unconsciously lick the right corner of her lip; it seems she let that slip.

In her fixation on my throbbing wood, pulsating to the rhythm of my heartbeat through my khakis, she forgot herself and let out a little more, until the dark patch ever so slightly began to travel down her slim upper inner thigh, darkening her light blue jeans a little more below her crotch; and in proportion I got more harder, my khakis revealing my protruding head, feeling the blood in my blazing heart flow per pulse into my manhood: I feel she could make me explode hands-free with the power of her unwavering gaze, her sexy smooth hips and slim, muscular thighs and skintight light blue jeans, accentuating her phenomenal waist and legs; and so wonderfully darkened crotch as it gets soaked by her piss.

What I would give to place my right hand between and into her warm inner thighs; making her shiver thereby and goosebumps travel all across her body, her jaw opening wide and her moan pierce into my ears while her eyes roll up in pure ecstasy; my hand placing pressure against her as she dribbles a little more into my hand, and feeling her warmth spread across it, while I cup tightly over her piss-soaked jeans her throbbing and quivering p—

“John! Hey! How you been!”, echoed in from down the sidewalk.

You see me in the distance, calling to me.

Sirens go off in both our heads as your calling my name breaks the state she and I have entranced ourselves therein and ruining my day dream. You make her jolt back to reality, and she accidentally lets out a jet of piss, enough to make her jeans glisten in the sunset and the dark patch travel down to the top of the side of her knees, while lateral projections of darkness shoot from the front of her crotch across her upper right thigh, a few drops settling therein and dribbling down drops leaving behind its dark trails down her upper right leg. I quickly hug her, as I attempt to shield my hard-on, but also her soaked jeans. My tent perfectly placed in her soaked crotch—like a ball-in-socket—and I feel her wetness travel to my khakis, briefs underneath, warming them, and ultimately my throbbing wood.

It caught her by surprise, as my body embraced her body, and she lets out a subdued moan in my right ear. My hug placed pressure on her bladder and I felt more warmth on my crotch and traveling down my legs.

She’s pissing herself, and getting it on me!

I could’ve busted into a million pieces right then and there if we were not so public and you not watching us!

I quickly blurted out a lie to get you away:

“Hey, Alexis is upset at the moment! I’ll talk to you tomorrow, okay?”

“Okay, John. I hope everything is okay!”

Later that day, late into the night:

I got home late after leaving Alexis’ place, and your interruption earlier today crosses my mind:

‘Ugh, why did you have to come out of nowhere; then again, that is where I always meet you to catch-up. Oh do I have a story for you. We couldn’t take the bus back to each of our homes, since she was soaked and our hug had dampened my khakis, so we walked. I can’t wait to see you tomorrow and catch you up on how the rest of today went!’

