Highschool outing!

Author: huberp76

*000*2023-10-01 20:49

A boy made a high school outing and was waiting early in the morning in a bus for a girl.

The girl was not his girlfriend, she was a girl from his class and they spent on and off some time together. He reserved for her the seat beside him.

The girl was very late, she came at the last moment before they were leaving.

”Good morning! Do you know how long it will last until our first stop?” she asked him, as soon as she was sitting.

”No, but why do you want to know that?” asked the boy.

”I overslept, i was so late that i had no time for to bathroom and not even for the loo. I hope we will stop very soon, because i need to wee pretty bad.” answered the girl.

What a lucky day, what a great journey for the boy, with a girl beside him, who had her bladder full from the night. He did love it and he was turned on so much about that.

He was horny and he wanted to increase his horniness, therefore he started to talk with her.

”When have you weed last time?” asked the boy.

”10 pm before i went to sleep.” replied the girl.

”Is it urgently?” wanted the boy know.

”Yes it is, my bladder is always very full in the morning.” said the girl.

” Very urgently?” asked the boy, joyful and full of horniness. He wished that she would say “yes, very, very urgently!”

”Why don’t you ask so much about my need to wee? But yes it is very urgently!” she answered.

”I am just worried about you, because i think we will not stop before 3 hours and that can get very bad for you.” said the boy, simulated afraid.

In reality he was in heaven and enjoyed , that he had the opportunity to spend some hours with a full bladdered and pee desperate girl beside him.

He could not wait to see what she will do if her bladder gets fuller and fuller and when her urge will get stronger and stronger.

@@continue

*001*2023-10-02 20:38

The girl, Sue was her name, was sitting with her knees pressed together beside the boy. Her skirt was slid up very high. Sue did show the boy a lot of her bare, slim thighs.

Peter, so was the name of the boy, did love that so much!

It was so arousing for him, to know that Sue’s bladder was very full and that she was needing to wee so urgently.

To see her legs naked, nearly up to her panties and to see her sexy legs moving from needing to wee, turned him on very much.

About one hour after leaving told the professor the routine of the day and said that they will stop at around 2 hours at a roadhouse, for to buy something to drink and for using the toilet, if someone is needing that.

“Oh my God, 2 hours will be too long.“ said one girl loud.

“For me too!“ said another girl.

“ You are big lady‘s, i am sure that you will be able to wait for so long.“ answered the professor and talked further about the program of the day.

“I am not so sure.“ said the first girl.

“I am not sure as well, that i can wait for so long..“ said the other girl.

Peter did like to hear, that more of the girls in the bus were needing to wee and thought to himself „ for sure they all peed before they did leave their home, Sue had not weed since yesterday, her girl bladder must be very full, but she did not say anything. After a while she was rubbing her knees, crossed her legs, pressed her thighs together and did things what girls are doing when they are need to wee.

Peter and his dick, reacted about that.

His dick was getting bone hard and he self wanted to tease the girl , to increase his horniness.

“Is it bad?“ he asked.

“Yes it is!!! I always need to wee pretty bad when i wake up in the morning, but it is bearable, one hour more will not be a problem.“ answered Sue.

“What would be a problem for you? How much longer would you be able to wait? Did you ever try how long you can hold it?“ asked Peter.

“Why should i do that?“ asked Sue.

“Because pee holding can sometimes get very arousing . answered Peter.

“You mean that you like to hold your pee, or you mean that you like it that i am holding it? „ wanted Sue know.

“Both!“ answered the boy. „I like both, i like the feeling of my own full bladder and i admire you for your performance and for that you are able to bear up so long without to pee.

If i am honest, it turns me on very, very much that you did not wee in the morning and that you are still holding it.“ answered Peter.

Sue had always a desire for Peter, she did always like him very much and now she had a opportunity to turn him on with her need to wee and with her full bladder. She wanted to use her chance and therefore she asked „ Should i hold it for you? Would you like it if i don’t go to the toilet at the next stop?“

“You drive me crazy with such a question!! Would you do that for me??? Would you stay in the bus with me, during the others go for a pee?

“So many questions, let me think about it.“ answered Sue.

*002*2023-10-03 20:12

Peter was very excited!! Sue did not wee since 12 hours and she still would not go. Why would she do that, or better not do it?

Does she like the feeling of a full bladder as well, or does she want to make him horny, because she knows already that he was getting turned on so much about that she is holding her wee since yesterday?

Why did she offer him to hold her very full bladder, maybe for 2 or 3 hours longer?

They were near the rest stop, therefore he had to make it clear and so he asked “will you stay now in the bus with me?”

”I would like to, but i really need to wee very bad, i don’t know how much longer i am able to hold it back and i don’t know when i get a chance to go .” answered Sue.

”You can do it, you are so great and so strong, you are holding it already for so long, i am sure that you can wait longer.

You will get a chance not later than at lunch.” said Peter with begging eyes and a hard dick, visible in his shorts.

Sue had noticed it and was turned on about Peter’s bulge and said “Okay, I’ll do it for you and for your little friend, down there.”

Just a little later were the girls standing at the bus door and were waiting until the doors opened , to get out and to get as soon as possible to the toilet, for a much needed wee.

One of the girls was bending over and two walked with their hands pressed between their thighs.

Sue wanted to get out of the bus too and Peter was disappointed about it.

”Don’t worry, i just want to stretch my legs, i don’t go to the toilet.” said Sue.

A quarter of an hour later , were all back at the bus, the girls, except Sue, were all visible relieved.

Sue was sitting again beside Peter and said “I need to wee so, really, really bad.”

”I know it and i love it!!” answered Peter and the bus was standing to move.

Peter laid on hand on Sue’s naked thigh, or rather between her thighs.

*003*2023-10-05 21:26

After they arrived at a national park, they made a walk through the park and then a boat ride on a lake, before they went for a lunch.

Peter was surprised that Sue didn’t go straight to the toilet.

She walked with him to the table and did not even ask for a loo.

After dinner, on the way to the bus, said Sue”I go now! Is that okay for you?”

”No, it is not okay, don’t go, put it off, you can wait, you can hold it longer.” said Peter, did take her by her hand and guided her to the bus.

Sue went with him and said “you are really crazy, or no i am the one who is crazy. I need to wee so bad, i pass the toilet, but i don’t go, that is absolutely abnormal.”

After some sightseeing, Sue’s bladder was getting bigger than ever before in her life.

Her “pissball “ inside her belly, was firm, hard and totally overfilled. Her poor bladder was already hurting from being tortured so much.

Her urge was painful, after holding it for so long. She did not wee since 17 hours!!

Her need was getting more and more visible, she was rubbing her thighs, she did squeeze her naked, sexy thighs with both of her hands, she moaned and said “ it is nearly unbearable. I need to wee so unbelievable bad, you can’t even imagine how bad!”

Peter was dithery, on one hand he was so horny to see Sue so desperate fighting against her urge, it was turning him on so much to know that the girl did not wee since yesterday and on the other hand he had a little pity with her, to see her so much suffer.

Sue caressed her visible swollen bladder and Peter could not resist to touch her bladder as well.”Is that firm and hard. It would be interesting how much wee you are holding inside your horny bladder.”said Peter.

A little later explained the professor that they make a final stop at about a half an hour before they will go nonstop home.

As the bus moved to the parking lot said Sue “i am sorry, i have to go now, i can’t wait any longer.”

”You don’t have to be sorry, you have been so great, so strong and so sexy, you did it so good, you gave me the best and most erotic school outing ever.”answered Peter.

Sue was surprised about Peters pleasant words.

The weak girls was first out of the bus, but there was already a line in front of the toilet, because of another bus.

Sue’s bladder was swollen and hurting, she could no more move fast, she walked with rubbing knees and therefore she was at the end of the line.

She was standing with her legs tight crossed and bending over. Some of the boys teased her and said “it look’s like someone is needing to wee very bad!”

Peter thought, they all peed at the morning, at the first stop, at lunch and now then, Sue did not wee since yesterday, she is a absolutely heroine and he was totally proud of her.

It did last so long until Sue could finally go in the toilet, to relief her bursting full bladder.

Back in the bus said Sue “ i nearly forgot how a empty bladder feels. I can’t believe that i was able to hold it back for so long.

In the morning i thought that i could not wait until the first stop and then i did hold it all day long. Unbelievable!”

She told Peter that she would have been able to wait longer , but she was afraid to wet her panties in front of all the guy’s, but her bladder can endure more, she said.

” Can you show me what your bladder can endure, can you show me how long you can bear up without to wee?

Can we meet next Saturday, you will bring your bladder full from the night and we spend the day and maybe the night together. Can we do that!!?” asked Peter.

Sue agreed, she always dreamed about a date with Peter and now she had a date with him.

And Peter’s dream came true as well , he had now a girl who was willing to hold her pee for him until she absolutely can’t no more.

