The love island!

Author: huberp76

*000*2024-02-26 07:27

There is a island with no industry, no factories and no farming.

There are only hotels and bungalows for tourists to make holiday on that island. The people there offer the best service you can ever imagine.

They offer the best hotels, the best food, the best drinks and in the price included are the best boys and girls for love and for sex.

Girls for boys, girls for girls, boys for girls, boys for boys and girls and boys for couples.

You can choose at the booking dada, the kind of hotel room or the kind of house and on the other hand you can choose your servant - girl or boy- for your duration of stay. That means gender, age, of course over 18, and the body type from skinny to curvy and from little to tall. Then you get pictures per mail of many persons for your choosing.

All that island is like an exclusive all inclusive resort with hundreds of service girls and boys who are all very sexy dressed and they are showing all very much naked skin.

Furthermore of your private servant you are permitted to use all the other services boys and girls, who are all around in this resort for your lust and for to have sex with them.

They look like Asian, they are very pretty, very slim, totally smooth and they are absolutely devote. They are born and trained to serve and they love to serve and to offer their bodies. All of them loves their job and their life and they are proud about their image to be the best and the most tendered lovers in the world. As well girls and as well boys love that.

Peter heard about this island from friends, but he had never been there before.

It was very expensive, but he was so curious that he booked for 2 weeks a hotel room and a very pretty, super slim servant girl. He was very excited and full of expectations many days before.

Peter arrived with a luxury boat late morning, nearly noon at the island. He was absolutely impressed, it was like a film of a fairy tale.

A wonderful beach with bars, many different swimming pools, many restaurants and coffee shops and so many pretty girls and boys for entertainment and for service.

They were all dressed in the same color. The girls did wear depending of their job, ultra short skits, mini dresses, denim short shorts or sexy tiny bikinis. The boys did wear either micro shorts or extra small swim trunks. Some of the boys did wear mini skirts the same as the girls did wear.

They were all so extreme pretty, extreme sexy and absolutely friendly. When ever Peter looked at one of them, equal boy or girl, they were smiling like the sun was shining. Peter is bi and he did not even know where he should look at first, at the boys or at the girls.

It was already a little bit after noon, as one of this sexy, super cute boys guided Peter to his room. The room was very luxurious and for his surprise was his personal servant girl already there.

She went to him, kissed him with soft, wet lips on his cheeks and said “ I am your “Jeany in the bottle “, i try to satisfy all your wishes for the next 2 weeks.”

The girl was more prettier than at the picture. Her face was great and her body was gorgeous, she was like she was made just for him.

They did spend a wonderful afternoon at the beach, they went for a good dinner at evening and Peter had his best sex he ever had at that night.

After they had a long shower together, they went to sleep and slept until the morning.

”May i please wee ??!” whispered the girl as soon as Peter waked up.

”Why are you asking?” asked the boy back . “Sorry for asking, i know that i shouldn’t do that.”said the girl.

”You don’t have to be sorry, i just wanted to know why you asking for a wee?”wanted Peter know.

”Oh i see you don’t know our rules. Me and my body is yours for 2 weeks. You owns my body and you control my bodily needs. I have not the right to relive my self without your permission. I have not even the right to ask for the first 24 hours.” answered the girl.

” You didn’t wee since already 24 hours? That can not be, you have been at the toilet yesterday before sleeping.” said Peter.

”I have been at the toilet, but just for to brush my teeth and not for to wee. I did not wee since yesterday morning.” replied the girl.

”Didn’t you need to go before sleeping last night?” asked Peter with a trembling voice.

”Sure that i was needing to go, but you did not let me, i am not allowed to ask for the first 24 hours.”answered the girl.

“I didn’t let you wee ?” asked Peter bewildered.

”You did not let me, because you did not say especially that i would be allowed to wee before sleeping. You did pee before you went to the bed and you did know that i have not weed all day long, i did drink as much as you, so you have known that i would need to go as well, but you did not say that i should go, therefore i thought you would not let me, because you like it to make me go to bed with my bladder full from the day.

There are many boys and guys who like that, who like it to make us girls hold our wee for long periods of time and who like it if we girls have a very full bladder in our bellies.

Now you know our rules.” said the girl.

”I am allowed to ask the first time for a wee after one entire day, but you don’t have to let me go, you can deny me to wee, you can make me hold. My body is yours, you decide when and what i eat and what i drink and you decide when i wee and how long i have to hold it.”continued the girl.

”How long can i make you hold? How long are you able to hold it?” wanted the boy know.

”As long as you like it! We are good trained to control our bodily needs. Our bladders can get pretty big if they have to.”answered the girl.

Peter could not believe what he heard. He lays in bed with one of the most beautiful girls in the world and she told him that she would hold her wee inside her gorgeous body as long as he give her permission to let it out.

Nothing was more arousing for Peter than a girl who is needing to wee but don’t go, or can’t go, nothing makes him more horny, than a girl who is holding her wee back in her bursting full bladder until she can’t anymore.

This 2 weeks will become 2 weeks in paradise for him!!!

*003*2024-02-28 14:51

Peter was a little bit overextended with that situation, he didn’t really know what he should do.

That girl was so tender and so lovely, he couldn’t do her harm and he didn’t want to do her harm, but on the other hand he was so horny about the knowledge that the girl did not wee since yesterday morning and that she will have to hold it until he give her permission to go.

It was like a dream comers true for him, a dream that he dreamed since he can remember.

”She asked me for permission to wee, she told me that she had not weed since yesterday morning. She is still waiting for my answer.” thought the boy to himself.

”She knows now that i know that she was needing to go since already before we went to sleep, she knows that i know that she didn’t wee since 24 hours but on the other hand she said that i don’t have to let her go, she said that she is good trained and that she will be able to hold it longer. But how much longer? Will she ask me again? How are her rules? How long do she have to wait until she would be allowed to ask again for permission?” thought Peter further.

”I think we should go for a breakfast.” said the boy, kissed her and did get out of the bed.

They went together to the bathroom for a shower and for brushing their teeth. Peter took his morning pee before leaving, but the girl did leave without a wee.

Peter did not say explicit that she should pee and therefore she had to hold it. Peter already knew the rules and he did love that rules.

She dressed herself, no bra, little panties and ultra short mini skirt.

”There are more breakfast restaurants. What kind of breakfast do you want? American, Asian, English or Vienna?” asked the girl.

”You can choose it for us.” answered Peter.

After a copious breakfast, they went back to their rooms for changing to their swimming clothes.

The girl did wear a super tiny bikini panty and although her bladder was already visible in her sexy, flat belly, did Peter not tell her to go for a wee and the girl didn’t ask for to wee.

They went to the beach and stopped at the beach bar. “What do you want to drink?” asked Peter.

”You have to decide for me, i have to drink what you order.” answered the girl.

”Oh no, i don’t want that, you can choose for yourself.” replied Peter.

Because of the special reason, the girl offered just a small drink with minimal alcohol.

Peter could see that as well the girls as the boys are dressed very, very sexy. He noticed that they did wear partly the same clothes, but in different colors.

He got told from the girl that is for to be able to different the personally servants.The personally servants are taboo for the other guests, but all the other girls and boys are free for everyone.

After they finished their drinks they went to one of the large sun loungers and lay down.

It was already after 10 am and the girl didn’t wee since 26 hours at that time.

She did suppress her urge without to show any signs of her need. She was very tender to Peter, she kissed him, leaked with her wet tongue over his skin and caressed his body with her soft, small hands.

After a while passed a boy, he was so pretty and cute that Peter could no other than to look at him and to smile.

The boy smiled back and came to the lounger. “Are you the first time at our island?” he asked.

”Yes, it is my first time. answered Peter. “I hope you enjoy it.” said the boy. “May i sit down?” he continued.

”Yes it is my first time and yes you can sit down.” replied Peter.

The boy lays down and started to caress Peter’s body, especially his thighs.

It was so unreal for Peter to lie with a girl and a boy at once on a bed and get kissed and get caressed from both and that all in front of many other people.

Nobody did care about that. It was usually at that island, the other guests did get coddled at the same way.

The boy was as cute as the girl and he was tender like usually girls are. He was slim and smooth like a girl, the difference was that the girl had breasts and the boy had a penis.

”Are you made to hold it?” asked the boy the girl. He asked her in English, because it is another rule that they are not allowed to talk in their own language in front of guests.

”I don’t know whether, he did not say that i am not allowed, he knows that i would need to go, he just don’t say that i can go..” answered the girl.

Peter could not clearly understand, or just couldn’t believe their dialogue between them and therefore he asked ”What was the boy asking you?”

”Oh nothing really important, he just wanted to know if you make me hold my wee.” answered the girl. “ Why he asked you something like that.” wanted Peter know.

“Because he looked at my belly and he could see how full and how big my bladder already became.” said the girl totally calm.

Then she said “ Many guests know the rule that we are not allowed to relieve ourselves and they come especially for that reason to make us hold and to see us suffer to hold a very, very full bladder. Boy have to hold it as well sometimes very long, but how i already told you, we are good trained and we can endure a lot.”

Peter could no more hide his big hard penis in his small swimming trunk.

”The boy had noticed that and asked “ does it turning you on so much that she is needing to wee so bad and that her poor bladder is so much overfilled?”

He pushed the waistband of Peter’s trunk down and took his bone hard penis in his warm hand.

”If you like this so much, then we shouldn’t let her wee for much longer!” said the boy, smiled and kissed Peter warm and tender.

The girl was not angry about it, she was still calm, she did learn to serve, she was trained to enjoy the guests and to make them happy no matter what it takes.

