Sunset to Never at Rajmahal Fort

Author: holditin

*000*2016-10-23 20:13

Two of my favorite stories ever are Rexone's Sunset series and Pain from Omorashi.org's Trip to Rajmahal Fort. I talked with both of them and got permission to use their characters for this story, and I hope I did them justice!

Sunset to Never at Rajmahal Fort

By Holditin

I got home late from a long day of work and found two things happening at the same time. My stunning girlfriend, AJ, was on the toilet happily pissing away what I was sure was a very large load of pee, and I got a text from my friend Preeti. ‘How about another trip to Rajmahal Fort tomorrow? Parul and Sneha are already in! It should be really fun!’ My brow furrowed as I replied on my phone, ‘That sounds ok, but why do you want to go back? It was just a year ago that we saw the whole place. I’m sure not much has changed.’

Almost instantly another text came back, ‘To be honest, neither Parul, Sneha or I were really able to pay enough attention to it the first time. We had to pee so badly! You remember? But I talked with the others and it turns out all of us have done bladder stretching exercises and trainings, so we can wait much longer now and it should make for a comfortable trip! Are you in?’ Now this piqued my interest. I quickly texted back, ‘Great! As long as my girlfriend AJ can come I will see you all tomorrow!’ Just as AJ’s bursting pee was finishing, I received my last text of the night from Preeti, ‘Of course, the more the merrier! =)’

Now I had to make sure that AJ was in prime competitive spirit, so I needled her as she rose from the toilet, “Hey AJ, I think you might need to learn to wait better. It seems you are peeing all the time these days!” She scoffed at me, “Is that so, big boy? I am peeing less and less actually. That was my first pee of the day and in 24 hours total, and it is already 8 pm!” I couldn’t deny how impressive that was, but pressed on, “Well AJ, you see, I got invited tomorrow to take us on a long trip with some friends, and they are all girls who can wait until their eyes turn yellow before taking a pee. So I hope you don’t embarrass me by needing restroom breaks while they remain comfortable.” This comment did it. AJ bristled, “I will certainly hold as long as them and then EVEN LONGER. In fact, I am sure they will be peeing tomorrow morning before the trip, so from right now I won’t take ONE SINGLE PEE until we’re back home, understood?”

“That’s tough talk, but I hope you can back up your words!” I told her daringly. AJ gave me a steely gaze for a moment, then went to the fridge. I assumed she was retrieving a midnight snack, but she returned with a 1L bottle of water and began chugging it down. She kept my gaze the entire time, and when she put down the empty water bottle AJ told me again, firmly, “No pee breaks!” I couldn’t wait for the day ahead as we cuddled up, AJ in her tight latex wears, and went to sleep.

We awoke the next morning at 6 and were dressed and ready to depart at 7. AJ had chugged down 500 ml more of water in defiance, and even though I could already see a slight bulge in her bladder from the night’s water, along with the extra her kidneys surely poured into her following her 24 hour hold, she hissed at me that she felt no urge and dressed herself in a killing tight latex catsuit, latex panties, and then her normal shirt and zipless skintight jeans. Crazy to me, but just another day for my AJ! We drove out to Preeti’s and arrived just after 8, and thankfully all the girls had met there to save on driving.

I knocked on the door and Preeti opened it, “Oh, good to see you! We’ll be out in a minute – Sneha is just finishing up in the bathroom.” I couldn’t resist asking, “Did you all pee this morning to prevent a repeat of last time?” Parul poked her head out from behind the door to answer me, “Yes, we’ve all just went, if you must know. But we will be fine for a long time now. Trust us!” I nodded and walked back to the car to wait for them with AJ. “So you have 12 more hours of pee in you than all of the other girls!” I told her, which made her beam with pride. “And it will stay that way, do not worry about that!” AJ replied.

Ten minutes later the three girls came out of Preeti’s house, dragging a small cooler with them to the car. “What is that?” I asked incredulously. Sneha smiled, “Oh, we decided to bring enough drinks for all of us in here. It will be a long day, after all.” AJ got up to help them get it in the backseat, and she ended up sitting back there with Sneha and Preeti, while Parul sat up front with me. Before we reached the highway Parul pointed out a coffee shop and said, “Can we stop there and pick up some coffees? I am still trying to wake up!” The other girls nodded, especially AJ, who I’m sure was getting very excited as the prospect of filling her bladder up with drinks and still holding it all in.

I parked and the five of us went inside. They were doing a special on large, 1L cups of coffee, and Preeti noticed it right away. “Hey, let’s save some money and get the 1L cups!” The others agreed, so we paid and all sat, drinking our coffees and reminiscing about old times. Afterwards I got up to take a pee, as I knew that amount of coffee would go right through me, but as expected none of the other girls were even looking for bathrooms so early into the trip. When I returned Parul made a comment, “Gosh, it seems like all of us have gotten better at waiting for a relief….except you!” All I could do was laugh and agree as we all left the place and piled back into the car.

I drove us down the highway while the girls talked amongst themselves. While my three friends were quick to befriend AJ, I could tell that they would not become too close due to my feisty girlfriend’s argumentative and intense nature. I did not mind that, though. Sometimes a little conflict made things more exciting! But for now everything was calm and the girls were clearly enjoying themselves. After an hour on the road, Sneha reached into the cooler for the first time. Instead of grabbing something on the top, she snuck her hand way down into the ice, and it came up with a bottle of beer. “Ah, this should do the trick!” she smiled. Preeti groaned, “Ohhh not again, Sneha! Why can’t you just enjoy an outing without alcohol??”

“Why can’t you just enjoy an outing without alcohol??”

“Yeah,” Parul agreed, “You’ll just have too much and ending up sleeping it off in the car while we have all the fun.” But AJ’s eyes lit up, “Sneha, pass me one of those!” Sneha grinned and fished out another beer bottle for my girlfriend. “See guys? Some people like to party too!” Sneha laughed at her friends, clinking bottles with AJ before they downed their beers. Five minutes later the beers were drained and Sneha and AJ started reaching into the cooler for seconds. “Wouldn’t you rather have one of these, like me and Parul will have?” Preeti asked snidely, grabbing a couple 1L cartons of fruit juice from the cooler. Both party animals cackled and shook their heads, so Preeti shrugged and passed one of the cartons to Parul. I drove on as every girl in the car continued to drink.

We made good time on the road until 11:30, when Preeti declared she was hungry and wanted some lunch. My belly rumbled in agreement, as did Parul’s. Sneha and AJ were not so hungry because their two beers had filled their stomachs, but they accompanied us into the next rest stop’s restaurant all the same. As I exited the car, I made sure to briefly pick up the cartons of fruit juice Preeti and Parul had been drinking, and to my excitement found them both to be empty! I arrived into the restaurant late and got in line with my girls to be seated. Parul was at the back with me and suddenly turned and said, “I wonder if they have bathrooms here…”

I shrugged my shoulders, “Probably, but they probably are not very nice to use. Everyone comes through here, after all. Why, do you need one?” Parul shook her head, “Oh, no, not for me. I am fine. I was just thinking about Sneha and AJ, because they have drunk all that beer, and you know what that does to you…it goes through you quickly!” I nodded, “I am sure they will still be fine. Remember, Sneha waited as long as you did during our last trip, and she had more beer then than she’s had today.” Before Parul could respond, our table was ready, so we broke off the conversation. I deliberately didn’t tell her about AJ’s impeccable holding abilities because I wanted to see what would happen when the other girls found out for themselves.

Lunch was had, and with it the girls made sure to chug down two pints of soda each. Conversation was winding down and we seemed about ready to get up, but then the waitress came back and AJ ordered a third pint of soda. I could see the other girls looking at each other a little as AJ drank it down, and again when she didn’t make a move to the bathroom afterwards. I knew these girls would be seriously filling up in a few hours with all the drinks reaching their bladders, but for now everyone still looked normal and fine. We rose and left the restaurant, with AJ giving me a knowing smirk regarding her third pint of soda. I returned the smirk, but leaned in and whispered, “Are you sure you aren’t gonna regret that later? Your bladder must be a blimp by now!”

“I am perfectly comfortable, sweetie, thank you.” AJ replied, though I saw her bladder bulging outwards with over 16 hours of piss in it. What a woman!

We returned to the car, and before I’d even driven us out of the parking lot AJ and Sneha had popped out another beer each to drink. Parul began a bottle of water 15 minutes later. I kept driving, and when the clock struck 2 pm I could see bladder bulges forming for Parul, Preeti, and Sneha. AJ’s was not merely forming, it had been there for a good long time! Nearly since she’d woken up, but she was as calm as everyone else was on the outside. I wondered just how much force it was taking her sphincter to keep her bladder full and shut. AJ reached for another beer and asked Sneha if she would like the same. For the first time, I saw Sneha hesitate before accepting it, no doubt thinking about the load on her distending bladder. Both ladies chugged them down while Parul and Preeti stuck to new bottles of water. It was a good thing the girls had decided to bring such a big cooler, because they were working their way through the drinks with reckless abandon.

At 4 pm we were a mere hour from the fort, but we were also finally passing a coconut water stand, and I knew that the girls loved this type of drink, despite how much they’d already consumed. “Hey, girls! How about a quick pit stop for some coconut water?” I suggested. “Sure!” came back the unanimous reply, all girls saying it brightly. I pulled the car over and we all got out. I ran to some nearby bushes to take a leak while the girls got in line. When I was drained and relieved, I came back to find them talking over their drink selections. The girls seemed intent on splitting two coconut waters between the four of them, but I wouldn’t have that.

I went ahead of them on the pretense of paying for the drinks, and when I was finished ordering each girl was laden with her own coconut water to drink. It was more than they were anticipating and I saw some eyes go wide, not AJ’s of course, but no one said a word and they all began drinking. I followed the girls back to the car and gave AJ a playful spank, to which she stiffened up immediately for a second, then returned to her normal, composed self. Then I got back in the car to finish off the drive.

I noticed a hot and heavy tension building in the car as it became 5 pm and we reached Rajmahal Fort. It had been 9 hours with many drinks since Parul, Preeti, and Sneha had taken a bathroom break, and a whopping 21 hours for my poor AJ! As much as everyone was trying to remain normal and carefree, I knew their bladders were filling and in need of emptying. In fact, when we exited the car, I saw that my three friends seemed fairly strained. AJ put on her normal face, but I saw sweat coming down her face and her clenched fists and knew she was putting considerable effort into staying clamped up.

“How are you doing, my sweet?” I asked her, putting my arm around her shoulders. We were walking behind the other three. “I am just fine, thank you!” AJ told me enthusiastically. “Mhm…” I replied, suddenly lowering my arm to her waist and palpating her bursting abdomen. I pressed down over her tight shirt and killer latex and felt my hand stopped by her rock hard bladder! The move caused AJ to stop, tense, and glare at me. “Don’t do that, dumbo! Do you have any idea how much I am containing right now??” AJ sneered. “Oh, I’m sorry,” I feigned ignorance, “Do you need a toilet break? No one else has even asked for a stop yet.”

“Are you joking?!? My bladder is locked down and under complete control. And that is with no toilet breaks for over 20 hours and only one break in the last 45! Don’t underestimate me…” AJ said angrily. I nodded, rubbed her bladder a little longer, and then we sped up a bit to catch up with my friends.

We all entered the fort area together and began walking around, snapping pictures, and enjoying seeing the sights. The girls were all engrossed with the beauty of the fort, and I was engrossed with the beauty of their swelling abdominal regions! Before I knew it, it was 7 pm and we’d been circling the fort for 2 hours’ time. As much as the girls were enjoying themselves, I knew they were only human and eventually their urgent needs would catch up to them. As I snapped a picture of them all, I saw Preeti looking anxious and fidgeting a bit. Sneha was also keeping her legs close together while walking, and wasn’t making much conversation. Only Parul and my dear AJ looked unaffected by the hot balls of piss in their abdomens. Then Preeti stopped as a bladder wave hit her, and finally she asked the group, “Hey, do you know of any toilets around here? I haven’t been to one all day and it would be really nice to get some relief!”

“That’s a good idea! Those beers are really wanting to be let out!” Sneha agreed with her. My friends started craning their necks in search of toilets, but then AJ yelled at them, “Only 11 hours and already you guys are thinking of bathroom breaks?? You aren’t little girls, you know. I don’t want to have to stop what I am doing just because you girls can’t control yourselves like I can.” The others were a little shocked at this outburst, and I knew it was a combination of AJ’s normal attitude and her pained bladder making her angry.

Parul stepped up to AJ and said, “Hey, look, everyone needs to pee sometimes. I’ll bet even you will need to pee soon! Look at how much you’ve drunk!” AJ scoffed at this, “I can hold it as long as I want! I am well-trained in that area. My muscles are too strong to be loosened by a little bit of pee.” Parul nodded, then convened with the other girls in low tones for a couple minutes. When they were finished, she looked back at AJ and said, “Well, if that is true, then you’ll have to prove it! We challenge you to outhold the three of us! We may be full, but we’re not even close to bursting and we can hold on for ages! Just ask your boyfriend!” AJ grinned at the prospect of this challenge, and replied, “Let’s get some drinks!”

At 10 pm we checked into our hotel room for the night. It had two beds – one for the three girls, and one for AJ and me. Over the course of the last three hours the girls’ drinking had gone off the charts. AJ made sure everyone was well-hydrated with water bottle after water bottle for the rest of our time at Rajmahal Fort, and everyone had ordered multiple refills of iced tea with dinner. I ran into the bathroom and took a pee while the girls stayed in the bedroom, wishing they could also feel that blessed relief. AJ was at a mind boggling 26 hours without a pee, while the other girls were at an impressive 14 hours since their last relief.

Preeti and Sneha were clearly fidgeting and rubbing their legs together, even crossing them when they thought others weren’t looking. Parul and AJ, on the other hand, were simply frowning and exchanging determined glances while pretending as if their bladders were empty and not nearly overloaded with piss. Because of the tight latex wear AJ had on underneath her normal clothes, her bladder bulge appeared the same size as Preeti’s and Sneha’s, and actually smaller than Parul’s enormous lump. We got into bed, with Sneha, Preeti and Parul squishing and squirming into one bed and AJ and myself occupying the other. I put a hand on my lovely girlfriend’s abdomen and felt nothing but steel hardness, and I knew her bladder must be pushing its maximum limits.

I pressed a little bit and got no reaction, so I increased the pressure until I got a delicate squirm out of my iron bladdered goddess. AJ began to glare in my direction, but then her tone shifted. It seemed the giant ball of compressed pee she was containing was pressing on her sensitive g-spot and making AJ horny as hell, because she reached around, into my boxers, and began to pull out my aching penis and stroke it! I was in heaven as my piss-full girlfriend put aside her incredible needs to work me over with a handjob. I began to feel her up and she cooed softly and pressed her ass into my crotch before continuing the handjob by reaching behind her back. AJ was a pro, even with a bursting bladder distracting her.

This continued for an hour, with AJ edging me repeatedly but refusing to push me over the edge to cumming, and I had to keep myself quiet so the other girls would not hear our fun. I had thought it would be AJ having to stifle moans of bladder pain when we went to sleep, but I was certainly mistaken! Finally AJ let my still-hard penis go, verified that the other girls were now sleeping soundly, and quietly reached down to her purse by the bed. From it she pulled out yet another liter bottle of water, and with a wink to me and then a look of steely defiance, she put it to her lips and drank it down in one go. Oh how my poor AJ’s bladder would cope with the strain! But she made no mention of pee need, instead rolling over next to me to fall asleep. It took a half an hour for my erection to go down and another half hour for me to be tired enough to fall asleep. I couldn’t help but look forward to tomorrow!

I woke up to the sounds of heavy breathing, low moans, squealing, and hushed voices. With one eye open I reached for my phone to check the time – 8 am. Then I turned and was faced with a surprise. It was not AJ whom I was hearing, because she was still fast asleep. I was hearing Parul, Preeti, and Sneha as they fought their bladders in desperation. The girls had successfully lasted an extra night on top of the time they had held their bladders during the last visit to Rajmahal Fort, and with extra drinks to boot! But their now 24 hour bladders were clearly taking a toll on the exhausted friends, as the three were nearly beside themselves trying to contain their waters longer. Parul looked entirely annoyed and was bouncing one leg repeatedly, sweat forming on her brow, concentration bored into her eyes and features.

Sneha had her legs double crossed and was sitting on the edge of the bed, grinding her pussy against the bed frame to keep control. Preeti seemed the worst for wear, clutching her crotch and pee dancing near the door. It was clear the three girls were in uncharted territory as far as their bladder capacities were concerned. Through it all AJ was still sleeping peacefully. I was going to let her sleep, but Parul looked at me and asked pointedly, “Can you wake her so that we can go? We need to leave right now if we are to have any chance of getting home dry!” I nudged AJ from her slumber, but told Parul all the same, “Can’t you just use the toilet here in the room if you need it so badly? I did so last night and am about to use it again this morning.”

“No! Despite it all we do not want to give that girl the satisfaction of seeing us defeated! If we can all make it home, that’s a tie, and that’s good enough for us….unless AJ loses, of course….or unless she’s already lost. She seems quite calm sleeping there for someone who hasn’t had a pee break for 24 hours! Check her! Did she go during the night??” I waved Parul off, “AJ has tremendous bladder capacity and more than enough willpower to stay dry and not give in during her sleep. Look, she is dry.”

To prove my point, I briefly felt AJ’s crotch and then lifted my hand to show no stain of pee on it. AJ’s eyes finally fluttered fully open at my touch, and she greeted me with a smile before remembering where she was and turning her attention to the girls. “Ok, good, you’re up, let’s gooooo!” Sneha pleaded from the bedside. AJ regarded her briefly, nodded, and rose from the bed without so much as a wince, even though she was unrelieved for 36 hours now. “Alright, I agree, let’s go back and see some more of the fort!” Parul groaned in despair, Sneha threw her head back in agony, and Preeti nearly wet herself right there by the door, but none of the girls would give in and reveal that they wanted to go home and gain relief, so off we went without another word, back to Rajmahal Fort!

I soon sensed that this visit would not go as long as the previous day’s. Preeti was hobbling along for all she was worth, Sneha was holding her midsection and groaning constantly, and even the iron horse among them, Parul, was showing significant signs of strain. Preeti and Sneha were sporting impressive bladder bulges, but Parul’s was bloated out far further than either of the others. If the other two were holding in 2 liters, Parul must have been containing 3. AJ’s bladder bulge was now the smallest, constricted as it was by the killing tight latex she wore under her clothes, which, to me, made her calm demeanor even more astonishing.

She was walking along, keeping a relaxed face about her, talking and carrying conversation with me normally, and while she was not running around, her movements were not more than a just a little bit stiff. It was crazy for someone containing a 36 hour bladder like herself. I guessed that her bladder had calmed during the night, plus seeing herself so close to victory must have given AJ added adrenaline. But beyond everything else, AJ was simply blessed with an almost perfect ability to control her mammoth bladder, even when other big bladdered girls would be on the verge of erupting with piss. And make no mistake, because Parul, Preeti, and Sneha were all very big bladdered girls, and they were all on the absolute edge of a major eruption.

By 9 am we had walked the grounds a bit more, and AJ stopped at a vendor to get a morning drink. “Oh, God! More water! I can’t!” Preeti cried desperately. Sneha was frantically nodding her head in agreement. I thought for sure AJ would give them hell for their admission of weakness, but instead she chose to emphasize her superiority by replying, “Then don’t. Obviously my bladder is stronger and can hold extra drinks. Unlike you three I can always drink what I want and stay in control as long as is necessary.”

“We can stay in control too, but it’s been 25 hours! There are limits!” Sneha said with tremors in her voice. She turned to Parul, “Right, Parul? Tell her!” But to Sneha’s and Preeti’s dismay, Parul was already walking up to the vendor to get her own liter bottle of water. “Bottoms up, AJ!” she said as she began drinking it down, even though her legs were crossed over each other tightly as she did so. AJ gave a grin and began chugging her own bottle, with neither girl stopping until they were ¾ done.

I knew these girls had determination, but this was a new level! Internally, I wondered how long AJ could keep up her façade, if it even was a façade, of perfect control in the face of so many hours without a toilet, and by the same token I wondered how long Parul could stand the pressure. Someone had to crack, and while under normal circumstances I would never bet against my darling AJ, the fact was she was containing an additional 12 hours of pressing pee. I couldn’t recall ever seeing her hold passed 30 hours before, but of course I had only been dating her for so long. Perhaps she had limits beyond what even I knew about…

After another hour of walking around, AJ decided it was time for us to go on a guided tour of the Fort. I could see she was sweating and bending over every now and again from the toe-curling pressure of hot piss lapping up against her aching sphincter, but still my AJ was putting on a brave face and refusing to admit her need. Preeti and Sneha, on the other hand, were long passed the point of maintaining calm, openly crying out about their need for a bathroom. Only their misplaced sense of willpower to always remain dry in public kept them from soaking the ground in front of them. Parul was doing better, but the extra water had bloated her bladder out further than I thought was possible, and she was regularly crossing her legs and even holding herself at intervals while complaining that this was “madness”.

So we began the tour, with my four bladder goddesses doing everything in their power to quell the ridiculous urges coming from their overworked bladders. AJ was still succeeding and even appeared to be showing some genuine interest in the tour. The very fact that she could focus on anything besides her horribly pent up pee was astonishing to me! Parul was also still containing herself, albeit clearly using everything she had to do so. In contrast to AJ, Parul looked as though she’d rather be anywhere else, and was not even looking at the tour guide, but rather kept her eyes straight down, looking only at the bulge of her mammoth-sized bladder and where she was walking. Sneha was on the verge of a total bladder meltdown, grasping her vagina openly for all she was worth while also double crossing her legs at regular intervals and kneeling down with them double crossed as low as she could possibly go.

Preeti was doing an insane pee dance, which was making it very difficult for me to walk for an entirely different reason, and after an hour of touring she approached me, totally frantic, and whimpered, “Can we pleeeease return home?!? Pleeeease?!? I am bursting! This needs to come out!” Hearing this, Sneha roared her approval, “Yes, listen to her! Hell, even to the hotel at this point! I’ll piss in that foreign toilet, I don’t care anymore! My muscles are just too tired to retain this fluid further!” Preeti nodded rapidly at the suggestion, “Yes, even the hotel toilets! Something! Anything! Don’t make us keep these floods at bay anymore!” AJ snorted with glee at these admissions while I reminded the girls, “You know it has never been me keeping you from the toilets. It’s only your own silly pride to try to outhold my iron bladdered girlfriend that has gotten you into trouble. If you admit defeat to her, perhaps she will give you some mercy.”

Parul turned up her nose at this, content to hold longer even as her legs shook, but Preeti could no longer bear the thought of not relieving herself. “AJ! AJ! It is true! After 26 hours I can’t hold any longer! I never thought it would come to this! I didn’t know this competition would go on so long! Please, please, stop with this tour and let us return to the hotel and piss! You win!” she stammered to my grinning girlfriend. AJ nodded, but then replied sadistically, “I haven’t won yet. You say you give up, but you are still holding it. You haven’t given up yet. I’ll only accept your admission when pee runs down your legs, but I have the only key to the hotel room and we are not returning to it unless only one dry girl remains. Outhold me or piss yourself trying.”

Preeti nearly fainted to hear those words from my lovely, but determined, AJ. At that moment all of my friends had to know that they were done for. Seeing other members of the tour staring at her, Preeti gave a last-ditch effort to control herself and return to her position beside Sneha, but halfway there the urge to piss was too great, and she instantly returned to frantic pee dancing. I expected her to lose her load at any moment, but alas, the girl’s bladder was stronger than her willpower. The tour lasted another hour, making it 11 am upon its completion, and while Preeti was still hanging on, her bladder was in its final stages of containment. Her muscles were simply too tired to go on.
