I made a girl hold her pee!

Author: huberp76

*000*2019-06-03 18:54

Ever when i did take a girl home with me for to sleep and for something more, i did look that she did not, or that she could not pee before we went to sleep.

This way i could be sure that her bladder was full and stretched at the morning. I love that! A girl bladder can never be full enough for me.

When the girl waked up, early at the morning, she wanted to get out from our bed. Sure i did know what she wanted to do, but i asked her " where are you going?"

"To the loo, i am needing to wee really, really urgent" she answered. " Maybe that you would need that, but you will not do it, it is to early to get up, you can go later" i said.

"But...but.." she said and told me that she can't wait much longer, she told me that she is needing to wee since before we went to sleep last evening.

"No but´s , that you need to wee should be no reason for you to go and it is no reason for me to let you go, you will stay in the bed, you are a big girl, you can hold it" i said.

"How long?" she wanted to know. "I need to wee so bad, let me to the loo, let me wee" she is begging.

"No!" i said, "first there must get something in, between your lovely thighs and than you are allowed to let something out."

First fu…..and than piss, this are my rules.

Nothing is more arousing for me than to fu… a girl with bladder full to burst in her belly and to press and to push on her swollen bladder during fu...ing and to feel that my own bladder is overfilled too.

