No wee for the sadistic boys girlfriend!

Author: huberp76

*000*2023-09-20 21:39

A boy was sitting with his girlfriend in a coffee shop in front of a cinema.

They had something to drink and were waiting until the film started.

After a while, came another young couple at the shop. The boys did know each other, they are playing in the same soccer club.

They did take place on their table and started to talk about something dispensable.

The boys about sport and the girls about film and actors and something more.

The couple has also tickets for the cinema and was waiting for the beginning.

They had a lot of time left and so they decided to make a little walk to watch shop windows.

The first girl did not want to go, she would prefer to stay and to sit.

Her boyfriend did know very well the reason why, but the couple did not.

She had no chance to stay, because the other 3 wanted to go.

“Is something wrong with your girl? She looks so suffering, like it would something hurt her.“ asked the other boy.

“ Oh no, don’t worry, it is nothing important, she is just needing to piss!“ answered the soccer colleague.

“And why does she not go to the toilet if she is needing to go?“ he asked.

“Because she is not allowed, i don’t let her!“ answered the boy.

“Oh my God, how crazy is that? She must ask you for permission to piss and if don’t allow her to go, she has to hold it!?!

How long is she already holding it?“ asked the other boy.

“I don’t know how long she is holding it, but she wanted to piss at noon, but i did not let her.“ was the answer.

“ Her bladder must be so full, it must hurt her, no wonder that she is suffering, but why don’t you let her go?“ asked the friend.

“ Because i am a sadist, but just for making girls hold back their piss and for torture their bladder.

I love it if a girl is desperate for to piss, i love it if a girl has to hold a bursting full bladder and i love it to fuck a girl when she is needing to piss, very, very urgently.“ answered the boy.

It was absolutely arousing for that guy and he was turned on very much about that situation and about the knowledge that the girl was needing to wee so bad and that she had a very full bladder in her belly.

He was getting even more aroused as the boy did not let his girl to the toilet, before they went in. Minimum 2 hours longer of holding for the girl.

The couple was sitting one row behind the girl and her friend, a little bit beside, so that the boy had a good view to the girl.

He could see how she crossed her legs from one side to the other and how hard she pressed her thighs together.

She wanted to go to the toilet at noon and now it was 8pm and she still was not, she still had not weed.

„Her bladder must be so big and so full!“ though the boy to himself, with a bone hard dick in his pants.

2 Hours later, when they did leave, asked the boyfriend of the girl „ should we go for a drink?!!“

The other boy agreed and he did know why, he wanted to see the girl hold and suffer.

Sure that the bursting girl wanted home as soon as possible. The other girl did support her because she did know the reason why, they did talk about it during the walk.

The boys wanted a drink and they wanted to torture the poor girl and her bursting full bladder, therefore they went to a bar.

The boy ordered a large drink for his girl.

“I am not thirsty, that is to much for me, i can’t drink that all.“ said the girl.

All of them did know that it would not be to much for the girl, but it would be much too much for her already overfilled bladder.

She was now at her limit, she was needing to wee since before noon and now it was 11 pm.

She could not hide her need and her painful urge anymore and so she said „can we please go now, i need to go to the toilet.“

“Why don’t you go there?“ asked the other girl.

“ She lied and said „i don’t like that public toilets, i can wait until at home, i can hold it back, but we should go now please.“

“You can hold it, just a half an hour and then we will go, but not before your glass is empty.” replied the guy.

On the way to the parking lot she stopped two or three times to cross her legs.

She could no more walk upright anymore.

In the car of the couple said the girl “ it is really bad what he is doing with his girlfriend, he don’t let her go to the toilet, she did not wee since early in the morning. That must hurt her so much, that can’t be healthy.”

”But it was very exciting!” answered the boy.

”Was it turning you on that the poor was needing to wee so bad?” wanted the girl know.

” Honesty, it was turning me on very much and it made me totally horny, you should try that too.

*002*2023-09-23 09:50

{{3 hours ago, Crazi Mathx said:

Nice story but could be better if u could assign names

}}

Thank you, i and glad that you like my story and i agree with you, it would be easier to understand with names.

