Part of the job

Author: huberp76

*000*2022-11-22 22:01

Two friends went to a shopping mall for shopping.

They started with a drink at a little bar and did take place at the counter.

They watched the barmaid at work.

She was a pretty girl with a great body. She did wear a ultra short skirt and showed a lot of her sexy legs.

Sometimes when she was bending over to pick something up, she did show them her little panties between her slim, bare thighs.

They ordered a second drink because they wanted to see more of the girls long naked legs. To see on and off her little panties, was very arousing for that guy’s.

After a while said one of the boys „Did you notice she is needing to wee.“

“How will you know that?“ asked the other.

“I have eyes for girls who are needing to pee, because i love it to see girls holding and i love to see them desperate.“was the answer.

As the girl served the second drink said the disbeliever „ sorry if i ask you such intimate, my friend think that you would need to wee, is he right?“

“ Oh yes i would need to the loo very urgently. “she answered very frank.

After they emptied their drink’s, they made their shopping tour and came back about 3 hours later.

They did take the same seats then before.

Now did the second guy also notice that the girl was needing to wee, because she could not hide it anymore.

She was sometimes bending over and was standing with her wonderful, sexy legs, tight crossed.

“You need to wee again?“ asked the same boy as before.

“Not again, i am still needing it.“ answered the, young girl.

„You had to pee very bad 3 hours before and you have not been to the toilet since then, you are still holding it!?” asked the expert with a boner in his pants.

“Pee holding is a part of my job. I was get told at my job interview that i would not have a opportunity to go to the toilet all shift long and that i have to have a strong bladder for that job.

Sometimes is that getting very hard and today it is especially bad, because i had no time for a wee before my shift was starting “ said the girl.

“That is a great performance!” said the expert and wanted to know how long she was holding it.

“Since early morning, but it is my fault and now i have to suffer.

The next 2 hours will get very hard for me, but there is no other way than to bear it.“ she said and smiled.

„Poor thing, she must be full to burst!??

Have you seen how swollen her bladder is and how much it is bulging out!

How can she endure that for two hours longer?“ ask the boy his friend in silence.

“I don’t know how, but she has no other way than to hold it, she simply has to bear it and i love it!“answered the other.

They did stay for some drinks longer to watch the girl holding, to watch her suffer and to watch her fight against her strong urge to wee.

When ever she crossed her naked, long legs very tight, were both guys dreaming to force this sexy legs apart, to pull her panties down, to spread her thighs and to have sex with that girl, full with hot pee like she was!

