Pay with your bladder !

Author: huberp76

*000*2019-04-03 18:53

I wrote this story, at a similar way, years ago, at experience project, maybe some of you know it.

At my youth i had a friend, he was immigrate from a country in east Europe. He had a sister, i liked her and especially her body. She was how i like girls, very slim, nearly thin, she had a super flat, structured stomach with prominent hip bones, slender, sharp legs and small, but firm breast and she had a strong bladder in her belly, sometimes it was bulging out of her abdomen.

I did like her, but she was more a girl for my body and for my co.…, than for my heard. We spendet time together, we fucked and we had fun.

I noticed that Mira, so was her name, that she never went to the loo, no matter how long we was together and no matter how much i made her to drink, she did not go.

Once we went to the cinema, it was early at the evening, as she said " i need to pee before we are going in, i have not since early morning."

I was hard at the moment, but it was disappointing, that she was going now. We went to the loo and there was a line in front of the Ladys.

She looked and said "i don't care to wait for so long, i hold it, let's go in." I was glad about it and hard again. One large coke for each of us, that will be good for her full bladder, i thought.

She did drink it all, but did not go to the loo after the film was over. We walked around in the city, had another drink at a kiosk and she still had not peed, she did not even say something about it.

Her bladder must be full to burst after holding it all day and drink so much, i was so aroused, i wanted to talk about it and so i asked "you needed to pee hours before and you still did not go, don't you need anymore?"

"Sure i would need to pee, really bad, i think my bladder is big as a soccer ball, but i am good in holding, i am good trained" she answered.

Why is she good trained? Was she forced to hold it? Was she not allowed to pee? all that questions and the circumstance that she did not pee for more than 15 hours, made me horny.

I asked her why she is so good in holding and she told me, that in her country girls don't have the equal right to pee, as boys.

A boy can go everywhere, but girls nearly nowhere, girls have to hold it. Nobody cares about the human needs of a girl, it is simply usual, that girl don´t pee.

She told me that there are many situations where girls can not go. For example, on a fishing boat, there are not many girls at fishing, but if, they can not pee all day long. They leave early at the morning and come back, late at the evening, this boats are small, they don't have a loo, men and boys piss at the see and girls don't pee all day. Nobody even aske a girl if she would need to pee too, girls don't pee, they have to hold it, nobody cares about a girls hurting bladder.

She told me that she had the same situation, she worked at the summer holydays at the fields, there was a mixed group, men, woman, boys and girls.

Men and boys could pee everywhere, woman did pee too, but girls had to hold it all day long.

Mira's brother told me some experiences where boys made girls hold at the field, i did write one at EP, maybe, i'll write it here again.

There was more situations where the girls could not go. Her brother told me that there was summer festival´s, with music to dance, where you could get something to eat and something to drink, but there was no loos.

No problem for the boys, they pissed everywhere, but it was common, that the girls did not pee, girls should no even talk about it to their boyfriend they should ignore their urge until they was at home.

My friend told me that the boys did talk as well about it, some was proud of the girls ability to hold it for so long and at her strong bladder. One of the boys said that he pissed 3 times and his girl not even one time, he cant understand, how the girls do that, her bladder must be full to explode.

Sometimes started a kind competition between the boys, who's girl is better at holding, the girls did not know about it.

But the best trained girl, can´t hold it forever, if girls are full to burst, they beg their boys to go home, they don´t tell him why, because a bursting bladder and her painful need to pee, would not be reason enough for the boy, to go home with her.

Some of the boys love it to make his girl hold, to fill the bladder of his girl up to her navel, the boy know as well why she wants to go home, but he say "just one hour and one more drink, than we go."

It would be a shame if the girl said that she could not hold her pee for so long. Girls have to hold it, girls don´t pee!

This was many years ago, maybe that is total different now?!

But now back to Mira, some weeks after the cinema, she told me that she needs a new passport and that she has to go to her home down. She asked me if i would bring her with my car to her down.

I did not want do, because the roads in east Europe was very bad and there was 2 borders, where you have to wait, sometimes for hours, so i said "no" she should go by bus.

She was sad about that and said that she would pay for it. She was a poor girl and i did not want to take money from her and than i had a Idee, i told her that i would bring her home and that i would not take any money from her, but she had to pay with her bladder.

She looked at me and said " i don´t understand what you mean."

"That is simple, you told me you are good in holding and that you have a strong bladder, i love that so much, i don´t take money from you, you pay with your bladder, you let me fill your bladder, you hold your pee for me, all day.

That means all day, you pee early at the morning before we leave and than you don´t pee all day, not even before bed, you go to sleep with your bladder full from the day.

In the morning we make love, full bladder sex feels so good, and than you can let it out. I think that will be a lot, after holding it for so long."

"I can´t endure that for so long" she answered.

"Sure, you can! Let us make a deal" i said.

The first part is coming soon.

*002*2019-04-03 21:07

{{8 minutes ago, wedgeantilles said:

Interesting beginning!

}}

Thank you, i am glad you like it.

*009*2019-06-24 19:22

{{On ‎4‎/‎7‎/‎2019 at 7:52 AM, wether said:

Interesting idea! I wonder if there is really such a country where "girls don't pee". I live in central/eastern Europe, but haven't heard about such thing. Or it is only your imagination?

}}

Sorry i am late.

Now to your question " if there is really such a country where girls don't pee".

I think if there would be such a country, i would spend a big part of my holly days there. "No opportunity to pee for girls!"

I think there is not anywhere a country like this, but i think or better i know, that the conditions to pee has changed at the last 30 - 40 years, especial for girls.

"Peeople" wrote a the story "The New Law" that China had less than 100 years, no public toilets for women. He did write that the girls to that time could hold more pee than the girls today.

I think that is very simple, they was trained to hold it, because they had to hold it in, there was no way to go for girls to that time.

40 years ago there was in my country, a country in middle Europe, no public toilet for woman and girls. There was no Mc Donalds, no shopping malles with loo's and it was not common that girls went to a restaurant or to a coffee shop, without a man or a escort.

To that time, girls had no chance to pee anywhere, they had to hold it in and that was it what they did. It was usual for girls to feel a strong urge to pee and can not go, it was usual to hold a full bladder for hours more, they had to handle that, they had to endure that.

For boys and for men, was it much easier, they could piss nearly everywhere and they did it. So was many places where it did not smell really good. I don't know if that was the reason that they built "pissoirs", that was little kiosks, most round, where men and boys could piss, just piss, nothing else. Girls and woman was not allowed to go in. If a family made a day trip it could easily happend that father and son went in a pissoir and mother and daughter waited outside, even if they needed to pee too, they could not go and had to wait sometimes for hours more. Not to belief, but true, a girl had to hold it!

Than in the course of time was the start for emancipation, equal rights and women's liberation, than they build public toilets for woman too, but girls had to pay for using a loo, to take a pee. Men can piss for free.

Wether, i don't exactly know where in central/eastern Europe you live, but i think it was long time a different between middle Europe and east Europe.

I think that this development, for woman's liberation , did take a longer time in east Europe and to that period of time, i had the impression and feeling, that the girls did not have the same rights. This was the time when i had my experiences.

Since many years are the rights and the law total equal at all Europe.

Maybe there are some differences at the culture.

Sorry for my bad english, it is really difficult for me to express what i think, i hope you can understand me.

Than to this fair-festivals, to that time there was no loos, no porta loos or anything like that. You could eat, drink and dance but there was no loo all a round.

Boys went a few steps away and pissed on a tree, a girl could not do that, a girl had to wait.

Some girls was waiting with a full bladder until it was dark and than they went behind a bush.

Some girls was to embarrassed and to shy to go behind a bush, to squat and wee, they did suffer for hours more, so long until they really, really could not hold it in any longer.

A few girls could endure it all day and all evening without a single pee. Most they was proud of their big, strong bladder and of their ability to hold it for so long and they did talk about it.

There was boys, like me, they was aroused to imagine how full, how overfilled the bladders of this girls must be and how bad they must need to wee.

My story will be between reality and imagination.

*011*2019-08-28 21:30

{{On ‎6‎/‎29‎/‎2019 at 8:37 AM, wether said:

I live in Poland.

And, although there were no McD's or shopping malls, there were some public restrooms for both genders, e.g. on railway stations, in restaurants, coffees etc. And many women were used to do it between trees or bushes in the way thay although it was obvious what they were doing, it was practically impossible to see their private body parts. Seems impossible, but if a woman wears a long skirt or dress and squats, only pulling her panties aside, she can pee without making a great show to others.

}}

You write that woman with a long skirt or a long dress could pee without making a great show to others.

That is it what it what my girl told me when she was working at the field, the boys could pee everywhere, woman did wear a long summer dress without panties, they could pee where ever they was standing, but the girls did wear short skirts and panties, if they wanted to pee, they had to squat with their panties down on their knees.

The boys could see between the girls nude thighs, they could see the girls pissing slit, at this reason the girls simply could not go, they did not wee from early morning until evening. They had to hold a full bladder for hours and hours.

The boys did know that the girls was bursting at the end of the day and they did tease the girls, they pissed beside the girls and asked them if they would not need to wee too, but the girls was strong, they did keep their pantie dry, like Mira, she never did wet herself.

I think she will be able to hold it all day for me!!?

*013*2019-08-31 10:27

{{21 hours ago, Tsuchigumo550 said:

On the subject of fantasy, I've imagined such a place many times. A place where girls are encouraged to hold their bladders, no matter how full, for countless reasons.

Routinely, I think of an island, with resort-grade beaches and natural splendor. A place where strong, large tropical drinks, lemonades, and many other fancy, desperation-inducing drinks can be found, where the smallest size available is still quite large thanks to the heat and the "vacation" nature of the place. Although one wouldn't be able to walk even a single block without passing five or six places to purchase such drinks, available restrooms seem legendarily rare. Even the resort hotels often opt to have just a single restroom for all the ladies staying there, let alone anywhere else on the island!

Culturally speaking, there would be a pridefulness about the size and fullness of one's bladder, and in a place where minimal clothing and exposed midriffs are common, openly-visible bulges would also be quite common. Sneaking off into an alleyway for relief would not only be very difficult with the bustling, always-awake party atmosphere of the island, but it's also heavily frowned upon- just as taboo as refusing a drink someone else offers, or asking for the location of a restroom!

Even when her bulging, soccer-ball sized bladder is bursting, a native girl will proudly and gladly declare that she can hold much more, while drinking another massive, potent tropical drink!

}}

Thank you for your answer.

Your imagination is total arousing for me.

The girls just drink but don’t wee, their bellies are visible swollen from their overfilled bladders, but they still have to hold it.

The girls are proud of the size of their bladder bulge and they show it.

It would make me total horny to see a girls swollen belly, to know that her belly is so swollen because she is holding so much hot wee in her bladder that it is big like a soccer ball and has to bulging out. To think how much she is holding and how bad she must have to go would be total arousing for me.

I would love to dance with a girl that full and press my abdomen against her bladder to make her urge stronger, so that she must squeeze her slit and her sphincter with all her power shut to keep her panties dry.

I would love to feel her bladder with my hand and press and push on it. No wee for the girls, drink and hold, that is it what they should do!

*017*2019-09-16 19:15

{{On ‎9‎/‎13‎/‎2019 at 1:55 PM, HoldingPrinces said:

You guys seem to be very interested about the places where girls are made to hold pee. lol. Such a place was described in "the city without a ladies room" story by @FullBladder85 - if I'm not mistaken.

But such places exist in real life too. Let me tell you.

I'm living in a South Asian country. Most of the 3rd world countries in South Asian region are similar. When a girl steps outside the home, usually there's very little chance to pee on the way. It's almost like no public toilets and even the existing ones are so filthy and no water supply and hence non usable. Using a public toilet in a railway station, bus station, shopping mall, public hospital or any other public place is a nightmare. Therefore a girl going outside the home will have to hold pee until she comes back home. Not a big issue for men because they are used to pee to a wall or a tree or any public way. Men peeing so publicly isn't a rare scene, but if a girl does so; wait.. I've never seen it and never imagined to do so.

Situation is similar in schools and workplaces too. Especially if they're government funded free ones. In my country, most schools are government schools in one which I also studied. The number of toilets are not sufficient for even one tenth of the girls studied there. And even the existing ones are also very filthy and smelly and most have no water supply at all. And for that also we have to wait in the queue for a long time to go to the toilet. Hence many girls including me ended up holding our bladders all day until we get back home. Since I had to do this since my childhood, I developed a big bladder when I grow up. Some days I have to directly go to after school classes from school and hence then I hold pee for around 12 hours. Along with the education, our schools gave us a good bladder training as well. Again this is not an issue in boys schools because boys pee inside the toilet as well as into the bushes and walls outside the toilet.

Once I went on a road trip with a bunch of friends, out of which all were boys except me and one other girl. They never stopped at anywhere having a proper clean toilet. But they emptied their bladders secretly besides the road. They too peed very frequently as we all drank a lot of soft drinks. But myself and other girl held all pee in our bladders and we were utterly desperate throughout the trip. At one point in the evening, after holding the bladder since morning, the other girl crossed her limit and started running to find an isolated covered area beside the road to empty her bladder. I also followed her. She was wearing a tight long frock, and I also didn't notice that she started wetting herself while running.

She tried her best to stop her stream, but failed. She peed for about two minutes and then removed her underwear and threw away since there was no-one around. She asked me also to empty my bladder. But I was wearing a tight jeans and hence not comfortable lowering it and peeing and because it's something I have never done in my life. So I didn't pee although I was really really desperate to pee, not having peed since early morning. I just happened to hold my bladder till night until I came back home.

If you are looking for big bladdered girls, first pay attention on South Asian girls..

}}

Hi Princes!

Your writing is really great. Thank you!

I like Asian girls ( boys too, i am bi) they are slim and smooth and they have big bladders like you told us, because they are good trained to hold it.

I agree with FullBladder 85 i feel sorry too for the peoples who have to live with such situations, but for me is big difference between imagination and realistically.

All that what you write is total arousing for me. It is arousing to think that many girls and woman don't pee all day long, that they hold all the wee in their bladders from going outside until they comes home.

The chance to see girls desperate to pee must be much bigger then in our country , especially at the evening.

Do your girls try to hide their need or do they show it, like some girls do it if they are needing to go really bad, rubbing knees, legs crossing and more?

Does your boys like that, does they get aroused from that, like i would get aroused?

To imagine to have a date with a girl right after school or after work, before the girl was at home, before she could take a wee, so that her bladder is full from all the day and then to spent some hours with her, would be so great for me.

Sorry, but i love your experience from your road trip.

The boys emptied their bladders frequently beside the road, but you and the second girl held all the pee in your bladders from early morning.

At the evening the other girl could not hold it any longer, she weed her panty. You was needing to wee really, really bad as well, but you did not go, you did hold it for hours longer, until you was at home.

OMG how huge and how strong must your bladder be, to be able to hold it for so long!

Did some of the boys know that you girls did not wee all day long? Are there any boys who would get aroused from to know that you hold a bursting bladder since hours?

I would be aroused an horny on the way home, late at night in the bus.

I could not think anything else then on your full bladder, how big and how overfilled it must be, i would think how strong your urge to wee must be after needing to go for so long, after holding it for so long.

What about you, what are you feeling if you need to go but can't go?

Is it sometimes arousing for you to hold it or be forced to hold it?

Was you proud of you and of your strong bladder after this road trip? Was you proud to was able to hold it until home?

Can you please write more of your experiences ?

Thank you again!

*018*2019-09-19 18:30

{{On 9/14/2019 at 8:40 PM, peeople said:

Girls in Asian countries have a good habit

Go to the toilet before going out to empty the bladder

}}

This habit will be necessary to keep their panties dry if they have to hold it until they are back home.

Did you ever take a girl out before she could wee?

*024*2019-09-27 12:30

{{On 9/25/2019 at 1:12 PM, HoldingPrinces said:

Yes. That's correct, because of limited chance for girls to empty the bladders outside the house. But there are some lucky girls who have proper facilities in their offices, and hence not having to hold. And also some weak girls who are ready to pee in any dirty toilet.

But a girl peeing in public is something that almost never happen in our country because of the culture here. Here an unmarried girl is supposed to be protecting her reputation and virginity life-worth. Hence a girl who Pees outside in public, or who even asks or finds toilets is considered a fact of shame according to so called cultural norms. If I pee besides a road (even if no-one is around while I'm peeing) there's a high chance of my peeing video appearing in social media or pornhub next day. Some of our boys are that much retarded. Publishing of such a video in social media is such a shame for a girl that she might have to commit suicide..

}}

First of all, thank you for your answer.

It is difficult for me to write about this situation.

At one hand I agree totally with FullBladder85, I feel sorry for the girls who have to deal with this situations and on the other hand the imagination that a girl hold it all day long is arousing for me.

I think it would be arousing too, to see a girl at the evening on a bus station with her legs tightly crossed and to know and to think about why she did is doing that and to think how full her bladder must be.

You write that girls never pee in public and that your culture not even allowed a girl to aske for a loo, not even to tell that she would need one.

If girls and boys spend a day together, the boys pee 2 or 3 times, the girls not even once, does the boys not think about that the girls would need to wee too, or does nobody care about the pee urge of a girl?

Is it usual that a girl hold it as long as she has to, because she is a girl and girls don’t pee, they don’t even talk about it if they would need to go really, really bad?

I love girls desperate to pee!

Sorry that this imagination would be total arousing for me.

