The flower girl!

Author: huberp76

*000*2022-01-15 23:13

Since a short time had a student girl a weekend job.

She sold flowers on Saturday and Sunday from 10 am until 8 pm and earned a good money for that.

The kiosk was standing at a little place in the city.

At one Saturday evening her friend picked her up after closing and they wanted to go for a dinner anywhere in the city.

The boy was 5 minutes late and the girl was already waiting in front of the kiosk, with tight crossed legs.

“Do you need to go to a loo?“ asked the boy.

“Really, really bad, my bladder is up to my navel !“ answered the girl and was being over.

“And why did you not go?“ wanted the boy know.

“Can you tell me where? There is no toilet all around !“said the girl reproachful.

“Does that mean that you can’t wee all day long?“ asked the boy interested.

“Yes that means that i can’t go all day, it is a part of my job, i get extra money for not being able to go to the loo for so long.“ she said.

She told him that the girls who works from Monday till Friday would have the same problem.

They all get told at the job interview that only girls with a strong bladder can do this job, because they would not have a opportunity to use a loo for more than 10 hours, but they get a extra bonus for pee holding, it is a kind of compensation for suffering and bladder pain.

She told him that she usually don’t have a real problem with holding it for so long, she is indeed needing to wee every afternoon but never so bad as today. Today it is especially bad because she did not wee before she started, she did not wee since she did get up in the morning.

To see the pain from needing to wee in her pretty face, to see her wonderful legs tight crossed, to see her bladder bulging out from her small abdomen and to know that she did not pee since more then 13 hours and that she is needing to go so bad, made the boy totally horny.

He did nearly lose his mind, he did and could no more think what he should say, his horniness made him speak and so he said „I am sorry that you must suffer so much, but you can’t imagine how sexy you are if you need to wee so bad and you can’t absolutely not imagine how much your desperation makes me horny.

“Can you hold it longer for me?

Don’t go to the loo at the restaurant! Hold it for me! I would love that so bad!“ he was begging.

What will the girl do???

*003*2022-01-16 09:00

{{8 hours ago, HoldingPrinces said:

If I were this girl, I would hold. But the problem is that whether this girl could hold her already bursting bladder any more.

However, at the same time, I want the boy to understand how hard is it to hold pee all day. (Because most boys seem to think that it's an easy task to go from morning to night without a single pee )

}}

It sounds so good that you would hold!!

I know that you would and that you could, because your willpower is strong and your bladder is trained and strong enough to do it.

A girl who can dance and make cheerleading, at evening with her bladder full from the day, will be able to sit still at a dinner for 2 hours with a bladder full from all the day.

But why would you do it? For yourself? For the boy? For both?

If you wanted to make me understand how hard it is to hold your pee all day, to go from morning to night without a single pee, that would like you put oil in the fire, i wanted to hear more, i wanted to hear how bad and how hard, sometimes how painful.

You know, I can get not enough from a girls need to wee, she can never need to go bad enough and her bladder can never be full enough.

*004*2022-01-16 11:49

{{5 hours ago, Somenonymous said:

Talking about real life here: How could someone think holding all day could be easy? From just experiences I've had I can imagine that takes extreme effort

}}

I believe that nobody can think that it is easy to hold it all day long and that it is easy not to take a single wee from morning until night.

I think we all know that it will take a extreme effort to do that, but that is it exactly what i love.

I want to see a girl fight with all her power to hold it, to see her cross her legs, to rubbing her knees, to press her hands between her thighs and if it is necessary to press a finger on her little peehole.

If our flower girl tells me, with her legs tight crossed, that she is needing to wee so bad, because she did not have a chance to go all day, that she did not wee since early morning, that would turn me on so much, that would only love to get more from it and that would love to make her hold longer, much longer.

No loo for her before the dinner, no wee at the restaurant and no wee before we leave.

I know that would not be easy for her and that it would take extreme effort, but i would love it and i would be curious if she would be able to keep her little panties dry.

*016*2022-01-17 19:30

{{3 hours ago, HoldingPrinces said:

I don't know whether you are a guy or a girl. But if you are a guy and understand how difficult it is to hold pee all day, while staying well hydrated, I respect you for your level of empathy. According to my experiences, most guys don't have any kind of understanding with regards to this matter. Once we went to a boys' school (In our country, some schools are unisex schools - i.e. - Girls only schools or boys only schools) for a dancing performance in one of their events. (Usually they invite girls from girls' schools for feminine tasks like dancing, cheer leading, hosting, ushering etc because they don't have girls in their school)

That day I went there after-school in the evening with our school's traditional dancing group while not having peed at least once since the morning. (Because of the rules of our school, going to toilet during the allocated time is practically impossible. Therefore most girls happen to hold pee all day till school is over. That's a different story) We went there and were waiting for the time of our performances.

Although I needed to pee really bad, because I was holding since morning, I was confident that I could somehow perform on the stage and hold till I'm back home. But one girl in our group was really desperate and wanted to empty her bladder before the performance. When she asked about the toilets from the boy who was ushering us, his reply was "You know this is a boys' school and we don't have girls' toilets. Anyway you girls are always good at holding, isn't it so. Just wait a bit more until you dance and then you can leave."

We were really angry after hearing that. He has no idea how desperate should be a girl to ask about toilets from a boy. And he doesn't understand how difficult it is to dance on stage with such a full bladder. That's the attitude and level of understanding of boys about our pains of extreme pee holding. I don't know whether he did that because he was into omorashi and actually enjoying our desperation, or else due to the utter ignorance. But whatever the reason, he did not seem to understand how difficult is a girl's fight with her bladder

}}

Thank you for sharing your experience!

For someone like me, who loves girls desperate to pee, a absolutely exciting and arousing experience.

I know that it is bad to get turned on if girls has to endure the worst need to wee and painful overfilled bladders in there bellies, but i love that since i went in the boarding school.

I always admire you for your discipline, for your willpower, for your strong, trained bladder, for your ability to hold your wee for so long and for that, that you are able to hold it back for hours, even you are needing to go so bad since hours.

It is so exciting and arousing for me to read when you write “although i needed to pee really bad, because i was holding since morning“ or „ not having peed at least once since the morning“ or „ most girls happen to hold pee all day, till school is over.”

I think it must be very, very hard to dance or to make cheerleading with a bladder swollen and full from all the day.

Need to wee so bad, have to jump and spread your legs at cheerleading, or have to move your body at dancing in a way that your abdomen muscles press hard from outside on your swollen and already bulging bladder, must be sometimes very painful!!??

After torturing your bladder so bad and than go unrelieved, with a strong urge to wee to the bus and hold it until home, must be awesome!!!

Back to your experience. Was the desperate girl also holding her pee since morning? What did she do after she could not go, was she able to hold it? Until home?

How bad must a girl need to wee till she is ready to ask a boy for a loo, how bad must she need to go until she admits to a strange boy that she can’t hold it much longer?

Her urge and her need to wee must be already stronger than her shyness.

It is a shame to ask, but there will be a point where a girl has no other way than to ask.

Now about the boy, i think there are two different types of boys, man.

Some don’t care about a girls bodily needs, they don’t even think about that a girl needs to wee sometimes and for some boys is a girls bladder a very important orange for their lust and for their Sex live. A girls bladder can get to a sextoy.

I noticed that at bus outings. Sometimes the bus stopped anywhere to let the boys out for a pee.

Some boys did not even think that the girl could have needed to pee too. The girls did stay in the bus, they are girls and girls don’t pee, they have to hold it!

It was common and usual that the girls did not go, that they did stay in the bus.

Some boys did notice this situation and did talk about it, they said things like “How can girls do that not to pee, how can they hold it for so long? Don’t they need to go?”

Other boys answered “sure they would need to go too, but they hold back their pee, they are trained to do that.” Another asked “do you think their panties are all day?” There was always a bit erotic and Sex Lust included.

Now to the boy from your experience , i think he was very well interested about the pee habits of girls, he did know very well that girls often are forced to hold their urine for a long distance time and i think that he did like that.

Why else he said “anyway you girls are always good at holding, isn’t it so?”

I think only someone who like it if girls holding, or have to hold their pee, can say to a girl who is obvious needing to go really bad, she should do her performance and wait until she can go at home.

To say she should hold it, because girls are always good at holding, is just a sadistic way to tease her. He wanted to hear more from her need to wee, he wanted to know how bad and how long she is needing it and i am sure, if she would have told him that she had not a chance to wee since her morning pee and that it would therefore be really, really urgently, that would not have been a reason for him to let her go, it would have been more reason for him for don’t let her go and make her wait.

I think that he was turned on from that situation and from knowing that many of you girls were needing to wee but could not go.

What do you think?

You wrote that you was needing to pee really bad as you arrived, but you was confident, that you could perform on the stage and that you could hold it until home.

What a great girl you are!!!! What a fantastic bladder and holding performance you must have.

I am sure you came home with dry panties!!!? You are a holding heroine!!!

*017*2022-01-23 22:43

{{On 1/16/2022 at 4:55 PM, Somenonymous said:

I'm curious about how people do 24+ hours without a single pee. On the omoorg discord people have told about a 26 hour hold

}}

Is it exciting for you to imagine that people don’t pee for 24 hours or longer?

