Our first encounter (fantasy)

Author: holdit247

*000*2018-12-07 22:54

So to my knowledge you'd drunk 3 pints of lager and a bottle of wine. You were merry but perhaps not quite pissed. And sooner or later you'd need a wee.

Now was my time, I nonchalantly crossed the bar and offered my hand to shake yours. You were surprised, strangers didn't often say hello with a handshake. But then I thought beautiful women didn't often cope without a pee after that much to drink.

I circled the topic to begin with, mentioning that I was pleased to meet a woman who didn't go to the loo with her friend. In fact, hadn't your friend gone more than once? You seemed shy and nodded but didn't engage. So I changed the subject to more normal chat up lines. Your occupation, your family, your interests.

Being tipsy, one of your answers to the last question was evasive, you clearly wanted to reveal more but hesitated. I'd had my fair share to drink myself so pushed my luck. I suggested we go for a walk, knowing that any sane woman would go to the ladies before a walk unless she had an enormous capacity or enjoyed holding.

Well you didn't so I had to hold the door open for you with one hand while the other was in my pocket hiding my erection.

Once we were outside in the peaceful summer evening you felt more able to talk freely it seemed, telling me about your difficult break up a few years ago and difficulty committing since then. I've always liked "vulnerable" women as they tend to be easier to persuade to try my fetish, so this was good news to me. But now wasn't the time.

After quite a walk, alone together chatting, getting to know each other, we realised an hour had passed. You still seemed ok, sobering up of course too now. So I suggested a nightcap in a pub a bit further along our route. It would give me the chance of a wee.

You had another pint, delighting me without knowing it but making me doubt myself: had you in fact peed in the first bar but I just hadn't spotted it? I left what I hoped was a decent time after we'd taken our seats in the beer garden before getting up to pee. You looked disappointed when I mentioned it. That was a good sign, wasn't it?

The fresh beers on top of what we'd drunk separately before soon had us both tipsy again. And your disappointment led me to ask a question. Did you need to visit the loo before we left I asked innocently? You shook your head, a little shyly I thought, so I went again then we headed off to a nearby taxi rank. You were either superhuman in the bladder department or into holding, I was now sure. Could I get away with teasing you about it? Not on a first date I concluded.

You were quiet in the taxi queue, and didn't quite stand still but certainly weren't openly fidgeting. Gentleman that I am I suggested we'd better get the taxi to drop you at your place and then to double back to drop me at mine. Out of my way but more fun to see you to your door as you must now be fuller than at any stage this evening.

You tried to disagree, no need for me to go out of my way, that sort of thing, but I was having none of it. The taxi driver thought he knew what I was up to and winked at me in the rear mirror. Little did he know I just wanted to see you fidget.

And so once you had capitulated over that debate you seemed to give up the pretence, fidgeting more and I think trying to subtly hold yourself despite me sitting next to you in the back of the taxi. Maybe you had been desperately fighting the fidgeting until you were alone, hoping I'd be dropped off first. Regardless of your liquid intake or state of your bladder, when we reached your place there was bound to be some of that awkward first date 'coffee or no coffee' 'kiss, and if so on cheek or lips' negotiating the social niceties to be done. And so it was when we got to the door to your block of flats. I was numb with that first date butterflies feeling, and you must have been in a rush for some reason (!) so you lent over, kissed me briefly but on the lips (yay!) And hopped out of the taxi, leaving the door open calling over your shoulder "oh, sorry, can you pay?"

Was that an invite to get out with you or to pay when I got home? Nothing ventured, nothing gained, so emboldened by alcohol and a huge desire to see what you did next, I handed the driver the only note I had, leaving far too big a tip and jumped out after you.

You were already at the door and, when you saw me running after you, looked a bit surprised but held it open for me, rhythmically swaying your hips in a tell tale fidget.

What the hell was going to happen next?

You made a poor job of keeping still in the lift up to the 3rd floor, then led me to your door. Inside you smiled sheepishly at me, and I thought you were about to make an excuse to go to the bathroom, but instead your lips formed the words "Would you actually like a coffee?". I wasn't sure if your brain had been involved or it had been an involuntary, instinctive question. On the basis of nothing ventured nothing gained, I decided something with bigger volume of liquid was needed, so asked for a big glass of water, making a joke about making the morning better.

You smiled and followed my lead. I almost punched the air! Running the kitchen tap you squirmed much more intently, more obviously, and you briefly curtsied and crossed one leg over the other at the knee, while leaning heavily over the counter. When you turned to hand me your glass of water, our eyes met and you could tell I had noticed; you knew you had to acknowledge your behaviour. I didn't think an embarrassed smirk really cut it, but that was all you gave me.

We sat awkwardly at opposite ends of your sofa drinking the water and chatting. You had your legs tightly crossed and your left foot was tapping the air, but it was your occasional bum wiggle, quite an unusual manoeuvre when seated, that gave you away. You never showed any sign of being uncomfortable, but showed many signs of growing desperation. I was in no doubt any more, you were clearly deliberately holding your pee. Pee made of 4 pints of lager, a bottle of wine and some water.

The question was why you weren't admitting it. I was in heaven, and had no idea where this was going. We were getting on, and you'd sort of invited me in after all. You were gorgeous of course, and seemed to have the largest bladder I'd ever encountered. You still showed no sign of going to the loo, but offered me lots of exciting fidgets, trying to be subtle but failing. I noticed the fidgeting get worse as we drank our second glasses of water each, you evidently couldn't control it any more, and you started to sweat on your forehead. A sure sign you were reaching your limit. No matter how much I wanted to push the evening to its conclusion, I made up my mind to be patient and wait and see what you were going to do. My unceasing erection would have made it difficult to move in on you anyway!

You conversation was faltering now, probably due to the huge amount you must have in your bladder. Eventually you seemed to make up your mind about something, and I watched you stand up very slowly and stiffly. A gasp escaped your pursed lips.

But you sat down quickly on the arm of the sofa and sighed, looking at me. I smiled, trying to encourage you to say something. You did "Come to bed with me?" you asked, which was absolutely not what I had been expecting. I didn't know how to handle it, so you gingerly leaned over and squeezed my hand. Our first physical contact was electric, the anticipation that had hung in the air between us, like any first date never mind what you'd been doing tonight, all flowed from your fingertips into the back of my hand. I stood and kissed you, gently then more passionately. I could feel the tension in your lips and your whole body, every one of your muscles seemed taught. And your fidgeting legs were transmitting vibrations all the way up your body to your head.

I broke off the kissing with a question. It had to be said "Would you like to pee before we go to bed?" There, it was out in the open, now you had confirmation that I knew what you were doing.

You grinned, bless you, replying "Absolutely not!" while giggling.

It was the best hour of foreplay and sex of my life. You seemed to enjoy it too! 

