The broken bus on the motorway

Author: huberp76

*000*2023-01-25 21:07

A young man stopped at a parking lot on the motorway.

The man did take a much needed piss after a long drive . He had to do it behind the bushes because it was a little parking lot and there were no toilets.

Just as he went back to his car, came a bus with a smoking engine, very slowly to the parking lot. It was a bus from an east European town hundreds kilometers (miles) away.

The man was curious what was happen and waited for a while.

A lot of people were coming out from the bus, most of them were young.

Some of them looked around in a way like they would search for something and some boys disappeared behind the bushes.

It was clearly now after what they were searching.

It was visible that some of the girls were needing to wee as well, but not any went behind the bushes.

There were two girls, between 18 and 19, pretty, slim and very sexy with super short skirts. The man observed them and noticed that they walked in direction bushes.

It was clear what they wanted, or better what they needed to do behind the bushes.

The man did take the chance to stop them before they could disappear and started to talk with them. He asked what happened, he wanted to know what they are doing here and where they want to go.

They told him that they are on the way to the capital city to spend one their holidays week there, but now the bus is broken and they had to wait for a spare bus and that could last some hours.

The man offered to take them with his car, but sure no visit behind the bushes before they leave.

The bladders from the girls had to stay full and had to get fuller!!!

The girls were happy about that offer, did take their baggage from the bus and went straight to the car of the man.

The guy did know very well that the girls had full bladders in their bellies and that they would need to wee.

Many other guys would have mercy with the girls and would have stopped at the next parking lot with a toilet to let them wee, but not he, he did not even think about it!

He was horny from the knowledge that the girls were needing to wee and he wanted to use the opportunity to make them hold as long as possible.

It would have been extra arousing for him to know how long they did not wee, how long they are already holding it, but he did not want to ask so straight.

Their trip to the city would last nearly 2 hours, time enough to talk and time enough to watch them hold.

He asked a lot of things and that way he did find out that they started their journey yesterday 7 pm and that they had one stop before sleeping at about 10.30 pm.

That means that they had no wee in the morning, that means that hold all the hot “girl wee “ from already 12 hours in their bladders.

No wonder that they were needing to go and no wonder that they had their sexy naked thighs pressed tight together, but they did not beg for a stop and they did not talk about their need and about that they are full to burst.

On and off they talked something in their own language, maybe they told each other how bad they would need to pee, or about what they should do, ask for a stop, or try to hold it.

Their English was not really good and maybe they were to shy to ask for a stop. For some girls it is not easy to ask a strange man for permission to pee.

They did not ask for a stop, but they asked the guy if he would know a cheap hotel in the city or near the city with underground station.

The guy told them that he will think about it and that was it what he really did, he did think how he could use that situation.

The girls did their best to hold it, but they could barely hide their strong urge.

For someone who loves girls desperate to wee, who knows how girls act and what they are doing to keep their little panties dry, was it obvious that they were needing to go really bad.

The girls counted the minutes until they would be finally able to let it out, but the guy wanted more, much more!

It was already noon as he stopped at a kiosk. He told the girls that he would like to invite them for a welcome drink and drink for good holidays.

He ordered 3 glasses of champagne. The girls were distraught about it but could not refuse, the guy was to nice to say no.

The girls were standing with their sexy legs tight crossed, they could no other than to ask for a toilet.

”Can you bring us to a toilet please. We nearly do it in our panties. We need to pee so unbelievable urgently.” said one of the girls and to demonstrate how bad they were needing to go, they pressed their hands between their thighs and they crossed their legs over their hands.

”Please, bring us very, very fast to a loo, sorry that we act like little girls, but we did not wee for so long, we really can’t wait any longer, it is getting unbearable for both of us.” said the second girl.

It was like an erotic film for the boy, nothing could have turned him on more than to hear that and to see those pretty girls fight with all their power against their urge and their need.

”Did you not have a chance to wee since yesterday at the rest stop?”asked the guy acting anxious. In reality he did love that so much. The bulge in his pants did show how much.

”We have not been at the toilet at that rest stop, we did not really need to go to that time and we thought that we would stop again, but we did not. We are holding it since we left our home yesterday 6 pm, but now we can’t bear up any longer.” answered the girl.

”Oh my god, your poor bladders must be full to burst, but i am sorry there is no public toilet and no coffee shop near, but you are big girls, i think you will be able to hold it for a while longer.” said the guy full of horniness.

He offered them, for to safe money, the guest room in his flat for their holiday week.

The girls did anyway have much money and was very happy about that offer.

The guy lifted the glass a said “cheers, we drink for a nice week.”

”I piss myself if i drink that.” said one of the girls. “I also can’t drink that.” said the other girl.

The guy wanted to torture the girls even more and told them that they should drink because they would be at the toilet long before the drink will be in their bladders.

“How long does it take to your home?” asked one of the girls.

”About 15 minutes.” answered the man.

”Cheers!” she said, “ but please bring us to your bathroom so fast as any possible.”

Half an hour later, walked the girls with rubbing knees from the parking lot to the guy’s house.

As soon as they closed the door behind them, the girls pressed their hands against their crotch and squatted down.

”Oh my god, where is your loo?” “Quick, quick before it is too late!!” begged on of the girls and pressed her panties deep in her slit.

”Not yet! let us go to my living room before.” said the man.

He made them again a offer, he told them that they could have a week for free, no money for the room, no money for food and if they would be willingly they would get a pocket money for the day.

”What do we have to do?” wanted the girls know.

”You should do nothing, not even wee!” answered the guy.

”You should not go to the toilet, you have to hold it for minimum 3 hours longer .” he said.

”Oh my god, we can’t do that, our bladders will explode if we don’t go for so long.” answered both girls.

”Would you show me your bellies, let me see how full your bladders really are!” said the man and told them that they have 5 minutes to think about his offer………

*001*2023-01-27 23:58

The girls were really desperate, they were needing to wee since so long and they had to go so really, really bad, but they did not have much money and the offer to safe a lot money for to sleep and for to eat was very attractive for them.

On one hand they were very shy to talk about their need to wee, they did suppress their urge for so long.

They did not ask for a stop on the motorway, because it is not usual in their culture and in their country that girls ask for to wee, girls are trained from young age to hold it and to wait for a natural opportunity.

Girls have to be able to hold it and to wait!!

But on the other hand they were sexually explicit, they had no problem to lift their short skirts to show the guy their panties and their bellies. They thought he would have mercy if he see how swollen their bellies already were and would let them go to the toilet, but to see their bladders bulging out over their little panties made him just more horny.

”Pretty full, but your bladders can stretch and expand more , they can get bigger. I have seen not only one girl with her bladder up to her navel.”he said.

”Okay, we do it, we try to hold it for 3 hours more.” said one of the girls.

The guy said that he would go to the kitchen to make a little lunch and told them that they should strip their clothes down do their panties.

The girls did what they got told. As the guy came back they were naked except their panties and were sitting with their legs tight crossed on the sofa. They did know that they could safe money if they would be ready and willing to torture their bladder.

The man did love to see the pretty, young girl fight with all their willpower and with all their body power against their inhuman strong urge to wee.

After about 2 hours suffering said one girl “ i can’t hold it on more hour, i am frantic to piss, it’s nearly coming out of my eyes, my bladder hurts like it would explode in not even one minute. You can fuck me if you want, but let me finally piss!”

”You can fuck us both, but let us pee! We can’t no more.” said the other girl.

” I would love to to fuck you both, but first you have to hold it for one more hour. A deal is a deal.” answered the man.

The contours from their bladders were visible pregnant and their bellies were swollen from their large “peeball’s” inside.

”That was not really fair, you did know very well how bad we were needing to wee at the kiosk, but you made us drink and you did know very well that you would not let us wee for hours longer. You did do it on purpose to torture us more, didn’t you!?” said one girl.

”Yes you are right, at the moment as you asked me for a hotel, i did know what i wanted to do with you and that i make you a offer and i love it that i did it.” answered the man.

The girls counted the minutes, one of them had the fabric of her panties pushed deep in her slit and the other had one hand inside her panties and pushed hard against her peehole.

They were moaning and groaning from needing wee so bad and so painful, but they were able to endure until the last minute.

They were not allowed to go to the toilet, they had to pee in a measuring jug, but that was not a really problem for them, they had pissed everywhere, if they just was allowed to let it finally out.

Both pissed with high pressure nearly 1200 ml.

The man invited them at evening to a dinner in an Italian Restaurant and told them that he has to go to the office next day, but one day later he would like to make a shopping tour with them.

He would buy some fancy clothes for ach of them, but only if they would not pee in the morning.

A shopping day with the bladder full from the night and no wee during the day!!

The girls agreed, they said that they would try it.

They did know now that they could not just save money with their bladders, they did know that they could even earn money with their bladders if they are ready and willing to torture their bladders.

They were good trained to hold from their culture, they can bear up a long time without a wee, but each girl will piss herself if she can’t go long enough!!

*002*2023-02-01 07:28

We know that each girl will piss herself if she is denied to pee long enough. The strongest girl has a limit of endurance.

The two girls from the bus were good trained, they were accustomed from their culture to suppress their urge sometimes for a long period of time, it is common for them to hold a full bladder for hours if it is necessary, but they never before had to hold it for such a long time, they did not even think that they would be able to do it.

It was absolutely new for them that boys would get turned on from girls who hold their pee, turned on from girls who are desperate for the toilet and they did not know that a bursting full girl bladder was arousing for some guy’s.

They did know very well that girls can earn money with their pussy, but they did not know that they can earn money with their bladder.

They wanted to use their chance, they were willing to torture their bladders and to endure a lot of “need to pee pain and bladder pain if it would necessary.

The next day was for their own, they walked around and made sightseeing.

At evening they were invited for a dinner. Before they left their home, the man told them to go to the toilet for a last piss, because they would not be allowed to wee again before sleeping, their bladders has to be very full when they start their shopping tour tomorrow.

Sure that the guy went to the bathroom to watch them.

Pretty hot for him to watch two young girls wee, to see it splashing out between their smooth, naked thighs, out from their shaved young girl slit’s.

”Now you have to cork your pussy’s until tomorrow at the same time.” said the guy.

”Oh no, that will be absolutely impossible, we can’t bear up 24 hours without to wee. Yesterday we have been holding it for 21 hours and that was so painful, it was nearly unbearable. 24 hours will be impossible.” said one of the girls.

They made a compromise, the girls agreed to hold their urine back in there bodies until 3 pm minimum.

After dinner, back at home about at 10 pm, the girls asked for a wee before sleeping and said that they would hold it then until 3 pm. That will be long enough to endure and to suffer for them.

The guy did not let them go “ a deal is a deal, if you want some good fashion tomorrow, then you have to hold it.” he said and locked the bathroom door.

They did not have sex until then, they did not get paid for sex, they did get paid for “needing to wee but don’t go “ they did get paid for pee holding, they did get paid for torture their bladders.

That was the deal, although the girls would have been ready to let him fuck them without money.

It was arousing for the guy to know that the girls went to sleep with a semi full bladder and a urge to wee.

Next morning they had breakfast. The girls did since some time wear just their little panties at home.

It was an absolutely turning on for the guy to have breakfast with 2 nearly naked young girls, with a very full bladder in their bellies.

They had their thighs pressed together, but toilet and peeing was no option.

After lunch it was obviously that they were needing to wee really bad. More and more they were rubbing their knees and more and more they were standing with tight crossed legs.

The guy bought already something for the girls, but at the last boutique there where so many things that they did no more know what to take.

Each of the girls had three or more pieces in her hand but was allowed to take just one of them.

They had never in their life seen so many beautiful fashion before. They whispered something in their own language and then one of the girls said “ if we we can take 2 pieces we don’t wee until 6 pm.”

”If you let me fuck you before you pee, with your bladder full from 24 hours, you can take 3, but until 6 pm will be more than 4 hours! Are you 2 able to bear up for so much longer ” answered the guy.

”We don’t know, but if you bring us home as soon as possible, we’ll try our very best .” answered the girls.

