The bus ride!

Author: huberp76

*000*2020-05-18 20:04

Some days ago, i wrote this story (experience), in „Bus and car pee desperation.“

Bus rides are always a good opportunity to make girls desperate.

Especially on the first dates are girls sometimes shy to admit that they would need to wee.

It seams sometimes, that girls think that they are not allowed to go to the loo at a date, or that they think, boys expect from a girl that she has to be able to hold her pee all day long.

I remember, it was my second date with a girl, we went on a Saturday morning to a kind fair trade.

We had to go by bus for about 1 1/2 hours.

Early afternoon she was obviously needing to wee, but she did not say something and she did not go.

I am a specialist for to notice a girls bodily needs, because since a can remember, i loved girls desperate to pee.

Later at afternoon, her urge must have been pretty strong.

Whenever she she thought i did not look at her, she crossed her legs and rubbed her knees, but she still did not ask for a loo, although she was needing it since hours.

The girl had not weed all day long.

Before we went to the bus, she saw a toilet near the exit.

Now she could not resist to use it, she asked me to wait for her outside.

“It is really necessary and urgent „ she said and smiled embarrassed.

I absolutely did not wanted that, i wanted her in the bus with her bladder full and a strong urge to wee.

I said „don’t go!“

She looked at me and said „But i need to go really bad!“

“I know it, i know that you are needing to wee all afternoon long, but don’t go, hold it for me!“

I told her that i love it if girls need to wee but don’t go.

She did know, she would be for two hours in the bus and would have no chance to wee, no choice for her then to hold it.

Her bladder was swollen and overfilled, but she did not go to the toilet, she did hold it for me.

I did buy a large mineral for her, she did drink it all and she was needing to wee really, really bad all journey long.

I was a really arousing bus ride and a great night for me.

*002*2020-05-26 22:38

{{On 5/19/2020 at 12:13 AM, Batman007 said:

Sounds amazing

}}

Thank you. I am glad that you like it!

*004*2020-06-03 10:55

{{On 5/27/2020 at 9:53 AM, Peter-P said:

Did ehe also hold it for sex after you arrived at home? Or did she hurry to the bathroom in a panic when it was in sight?

}}

Hi Peter!

Of course she wanted straight to the bathroom, as we arrived at my home, but i did not let her!

To know that she was needing to pee all afternoon, to know that she was holding her wee since she did get up early in the morning and to saw her fight against her strong urge, all journey long, made me total horny.

I did not wanted to lose a chance to fuck a girl, who was needing to wee so bad as she did, I wanted more of it, more from a girl who was bursting to pee.

It was total arousing for me to watch her walk from the bus to my house, she could not hide her need anymore and she always told me how bad she would need to pee.

In front of my door, she was standing with her legs tight crossed, until i found my key.

I had so much time!

”Please hurry up, i am nearly do it in my panties “ she was begging and was squatting down with both hands between her thighs.

So arousing to see her squatting, with two hands pressed against her panties and to see her thighs nude, up to the top.

She was the first time at my home and she did not know where the loo was, so she asked for it.

”First of all, I need the loo !” she said.

”First of all you need my bedroom!” I answered.

”Oh no, oh no, i need to wee, i need to wee so bad, so really, really bad, my bladder is about to burst! I never needed to pee worser in my life.” she said.

”Maybe, but you can endure more, you can hold it longer, if you just want it!” I said and did lead her in my sleeping room.

She did let me do that and the next two hours was so great!!

She was needing to wee sooooo bad and she fucked sooooo good!

*006*2020-06-07 00:17

{{On 6/4/2020 at 7:21 AM, Peter-P said:

How much did her bladder bulge out of her body?

Ho far from her public bone to her navel? How much below or above her navel?

And how much prominent from her normal belly level did it stuck out of her?

Did you feel it?

Did you press it? How hard?

Did you massage her bursting bladder?

Did you lay on her belly?

Did you lay on her back while she lay on her belly?

So many open questions...!

That will have been so adorable hot...!!!

}}

So many questions, but i think they are all arousing and important, for a man who likes girls desperate to pee, for a man who like it if a girl holds a bursting full bladder in her belly.

All that what you asked, I wanted to know and to see.

In my sleeping room i started to undress her up to her little panty, then i laid her down in my bed.

She was laying on her back. I pushed the waistband of her panties down to her public hairs.

Her panty was still dry, although she was needing to wee so bad, for so long.

Her bladder was bulging out from her public bone up to about 3cm ( 1.2inch) under her navel and about 2.5cm (1 inch) before her right and her left hip bone.

The highest point of her swollen bladder, was about 5cm(2inch) higher than her hip bones.

I could see and i could feel the contours of her full bladder.

Her bladder was not had as a rock, it was more like a full filled balloon, I could press my fingers in it.

Yes, I did press and push on her bladder, first soft, then harder and harder.

The girl was needing to wee really bad, but i could not get enough from it, i wanted more, her urge should get stronger.

I could see it in her face, how bad she was needing to pee, she crossed her slim legs and pressed her slender thighs hard together.

I pressed really hard on and in her overfilled bladder, i massaged her bursting bladder and she did let me do it.

I think, that she did like it, to get her bladder tortured and that she was total aroused from it.

Yes i did lay on her swollen belly and my bone hard cock was between our bellies and pressed hard on her bulging bladder.

She was nearly crazy from needing to wee and i had to be careful not to cum, as i rubbed my dick on her bladder.

No, and it is really pity, that i did not lay her on her swollen belly and that i did not lay my self on her back, to press her hard with all the weight, with her bulging bladder against the mattress .

It must have been so great, to push both hands between her belly and the mattress and to press hard on her poor bladder.

After one hour bladder torture, I fucked her so hard as i could and she fucked really good!

Then she did let me watch her wee, she pissed with high pressure for extreme long!!

It was not our last bursting bladder fuck, she did like it to get tortured and to get fucked, with her bladder full to explode and i think that you know, that i did love that too!

I hope, that i answered all your questions?

*008*2020-06-07 13:31

{{5 hours ago, Peter-P said:

Yes, thank you for sharing it!

Take care of such a high sporty racehorse not to harm her...!

}}

I did not harm her, I never did harm any other girl.

I like to go on a girl’s limit of her holding abilities, maybe a little bit over it, but I would never do anything absolutely against the will of a girl.

Sometimes it is difficult, once I had a girl, she wanted to be made to hold it. She wanted that i should not let her wee even she is begging to let her go.

*009*2020-06-13 08:36

{{On 6/4/2020 at 7:21 AM, Peter-P said:

How much did her bladder bulge out of her body?

Ho far from her public bone to her navel? How much below or above her navel?

And how much prominent from her normal belly level did it stuck out of her?

Did you feel it?

Did you press it? How hard?

Did you massage her bursting bladder?

Did you lay on her belly?

Did you lay on her back while she lay on her belly?

So many open questions...!

That will have been so adorable hot...!!!

}}

You asked me if i did lay on her back while she lay on her belly and I told you that i am sorry that i did not.

Did you that?

I think that must be total hot to do that with a girl.

Really arousing to imagine that a girl is needing to wee really bad, that her belly is swollen, to lay her in a bed, with her belly down, then to lay on her back and press with all weight her bulging bladder against the mattress.

It would be great to push both hands between her swollen belly and the mattress to put extra pressure on her bladder.

Did you ever do that?

*011*2020-06-14 20:24

{{On 6/13/2020 at 3:59 PM, Peter-P said:

No, I did not. The worst was to take a woman (my friend) into my arms from behind and lay my left fist onto her rockhard and swollen bladder and then grab my left fist with my right hand and press onto her bladder full force.

She was able to hold her pee in, but she bent over with such a power, that I was surprised and stopped pressing immediately, not to harm her... I did not imagine, that she had such extreme power in her pain, which was much more extreme than I meant she would be able to. But a high dose of adrenaline makes a Supergirl out of a normal sexy woman...

At least she was not angry but loved full bladder sex with me like before...

}}

I did some similar to one of my girl friends.

She did not pee before we went to sleep and after one or two hours she wanted to get out of the bed.

It was obvious what she wanted to do, but i did not wanted to let her go, so i said „hold it !“

“I need to wee!!“ she said and i answered „I know, but hold it! You can go tomorrow morning.“

She did stay in the bed, but after a while she thought that i would sleep, she did get out of the bed.

I did get out too, was standing behind her with my arms around her and pressed with two hands hard in her swollen belly and on her bulging bladder.

The girl crossed her legs and beendet over.

Allher body was shaking from needing to wee so bad.

I pressed and pushed for some minutes before i did bring her back to the bed, to have sex with her.

Why did you press your first hard on her rock hard bladder?

Did you want that her urge and her need to pee gets stronger?

Did you wanted to torture her bursting full bladder?

*015*2020-06-22 21:14

{{On 6/16/2020 at 3:47 PM, Peter-P said:

It is a pity that it was just a full weekend once and when we met again by accident a long evening and night... I don't just have her number... She was a fascinating holder and a sexy woman too...

Just the rest did not match

}}

Yes it is really pity that you don’t have her number.

It is nearly impossible to find another girl like her.

I think you can remember every minute from that weekend with her!?

