Wetting his pants at the library

Author: hypnomommy

*000*2023-07-16 05:31

This is my first omorashi story!

I usually write ABDL and Omorashi hypnosis (if you're curious, here is my youtube

). Writing an omorashi themed story is new for me. I would love feedback on writing style and content. In this story I wanted to capture the desperation Mark feels, even though the story is written from someone else's perspective.

I might add more chapters in the future. Not sure yet! I liked the idea of Mark slowly revealing to the narrator that he has accidents often, and that he usually wears a diaper to bed. The narrator is (maybe) gonna start liking the idea of Mark becoming her cute diapered boyfriend.

Input and suggestions are welcome 🙂

###

Wetting his pants at the library

I was always attracted to shy guys. It was just something about the way they act, being mysterious, charming and in some way very cute. When I started taking an introduction to marine biology in my second semester in university, I immediately noticed Mark. In the bustle of loud freshmen talking to each other, he sat quietly and wrote something into his notebook. He had black hair, freckles and he always sat in the back of the class, looking down at his notebook.

The occasional times he raised his hand in class, he would be visibly nervous, with his voice shaking slightly. I wanted to get to know him and find out who he was, but he always left class as quickly as he could. Outside of that marine biology class, I never saw him anywhere. He seemed like the type who didn’t party much, and mostly kept to himself.

One time, I saw him at the library. I approached him and asked him what he was studying. He smiled shyly, and told me that he was actually a history major, studying for an exam on ancient Greece. I asked him to tell me more, and as he spoke I noticed that he had dimples when he smiled. He kept looking away and smiling, in a way that was charmingly boyish. The next week, when we were in class together, I noticed that we kept glancing at each other. I smiled at him and he smiled and looked down, and then looked back. I went to talk to him after class, but I noticed that he immediately walked out of class, walking fast. It seemed like he was always in a rush to get somewhere.

So the next week when I saw him at the library again, I wanted to go talk to him. Mark was just getting up off the sofa, and he didn’t see me. He was walking fast again, like he was in a rush. I walked after him, hoping to catch him before he left the library. I didn’t realize why he was in a rush until I saw where he was going. Mark was power walking to the bathroom, in a state of desperation. It seemed like he waited too long, and now his bladder was bursting.

He yanked at the door knob to the bathroom, only to find it locked. This seemed to stress him out, since he started fidgeting more, dancing in place. I saw the problem - there was an “out of order” sign on the bathroom door. Mark clearly needed to pee, and was running out of time. As he danced in place, he started looking for another bathroom. I couldn’t help but stare at these events unfolding in front of me. Mark, the mysterious and charming college student was acting like he was about to wet his pants. He was biting his lip, and knitting his eyebrows together in a panicked state. His freckles were dancing on his face, as he screwed up his face. He clearly knew that he was in a state of emergency.

Mark started walking down the hall with obvious urgency. I wanted to warn him that he was walking in the wrong direction, walking away from the other bathroom. But he was already walking fast, almost jogging. He was half jogging, half dancing, and now he was looking around desperately. At this point, I was watching and expecting him to start wetting his pants at any moment. I’d never seen an adult be this desperate to pee before. In his urgent state, he started to hold his crotch, dancing in place, turning his head and searching for the bathroom.

After realizing there was no bathroom around, he started walking fast back toward the entrance to the library where I was staring. He power walked, biting his lip. His whole face was now screwed up in a worried look. He saw me, and his eyes widened.

“Hi Mark” I said, pretending not to notice that he was dancing in place.

“Hey” he said, his eyes full of panic, “Uh, sorry I’m kind of in a rush.”

I decided to be upfront, to help him out. “If you’re looking for the bathroom, it’s down the hall, that way”, I pointed.

“Oh thanks” he said, seeming oddly worried. I realized he probably planned on leaving the library to pee in the bushes. Now he seemed too embarrassed to go in the bushes, so he turned and tried to walk in a steady walk down that hall. His steady walk was completely forced, as he was obviously trying to hide his desperate need to empty his bladder. Then, it happened. Mark could not contain himself anymore. About halfway down the hall, he stopped in his tracks. I couldn’t help but watch as the events unfolded. Mark looked down at his pants, as a dark wet spot started to appear on one pant leg. The glistening wet patch slowly spread down his jeans, and he just kept watching in shock as it happened. After the shock seemed to fade, Mark hung his head in shame. He seemed strangely resigned, almost like he was used to this happening.

I felt so bad for Mark, wetting his pants in such a public location. There was now a big dark spot on the carpet where he had emptied his bladder. It seemed like he was afraid to turn around and meet my eyes, since I wasn’t far behind him when it happened.

I approached him carefully. I didn’t want him to feel bad about wetting his pants. After all, he was a college student, an adult, who had just wet his pants like a little boy. But it was strangely really cute how he just wet his pants. I could feel his sense of embarrassment in the way he stood there, looking at the ground, looking at the wet spot he left on the carpet.

I touched his shoulder and gently spoke to him, “Mark.”

He whimpered. I could see that his face was bright red with shame, and his eyes were glassy, like he was going to start crying.

“It’s ok that you wet your pants” I told him softly.

He just kept looking at the ground in shame.

“It was just an accident” I reassured him.

He looked up at me, like he was unsure of what to say.

I whispered to him, “I won’t tell anyone.”

“Thanks” he whispered back.

“Do you want to cover your pants with my sweater?” I asked.

He looked at me now, embarrassed and grateful, and he nodded his head.

We ended up walking all the way back to my dorm, with his soaking pants hidden behind my sweater. He didn’t want his roommates to see his wet pants, so I invited him to do laundry in my dorm. I couldn’t help but feel my curiosity building. I wanted to ask him if this was the first time he had wet his pants like this as an adult. And strangely enough, I started imagining what it would be like if he did it again. I wanted to see him have an accident again, but I knew that it was so embarrassing for him, so I avoided the topic.

While his wet pants were in the washer, he wore my pajama pants instead. He seemed more relaxed now, relaxing on my couch. We talked about other things to avoid talking about the obvious - that he had just wet his pants, and needed a change of clothes. Even though we both avoided it, we felt it in the air. I knew that he had just accidentally peed himself, and he knew that I saw it all and that I would keep it secret.

*004*2023-07-16 16:13

{{7 hours ago, wet_jp said:

Nice story. I like that you can't tell if the one telling the story is a man or woman. My fantasy would be a man helping Mark out, but could be either.

}}

Maybe I'll keep it ambiguous like that.

$

$

*006*2023-07-18 20:26

{{On 7/16/2023 at 2:15 PM, WatchMeWiggle said:

Hypnomommy! It's such a surprise to see you here! I only knew you from your YouTube channel which I assumed was abandoned. I hope you enjoyed trying something new by writing short fictional stories. I enjoyed this one, because I was imagining myself as Mark, and knowing an onlooker was enjoying a free unfortunate show!

There was one line that jumped out at me. Writing "His whole face was now screwed up" made me laugh 🤣. I know what you're going for, but the wording sounded funny.

If you're looking for inspiration about young male protagonist getting caught in unfortunate desperate scenarios, please take a look some of my stories. It would be an honor to have your read my embarrassing stories!

$/89172-authentic-road-trip-emergency-i-didnt-think-i-was-going-to-make-it/?do=embed"

$/67128-i-completely-unintentionally-peed-onin-my-pants-at-work/?do=embed"

}}

I have been very active on my patreon since 2019 🙂

I post there every month but I always gets comments on youtube that people think I'm gone.

I should probably release more stuff on youtube and remind people to check out my patreon

