Pee Breaks

Author: HarryC

*000*2019-10-03 15:43

Ann was walking down the high street with a nearly bladder, sipping at her cup of coffee. It was 8:25 in the morning and, even though this was now her second cup of coffee, she hadn't yet had her morning pee. She wasn't worried. She was only 5 minutes from work, and it was her policy to pee on company time, not her own. She loved to sit in the bathroom while on shift for far longer than she needed, earning money throughout her prodigiously long pee breaks.

At 8:30 she clocked in to start her shift and headed straight for the bathroom where, much to her now-full bladder's dismay, the door was locked shut and a strange yellow vending machine had been installed on the wall. A voice from behind shocked her as she tried again to push the door open.

"I see you found our new pee break system." said Helen, her manager.

"What is it?" asked Ann "how do I get in?"

"Oh, you don't. The bathroom is out of bounds unless you're on a lunch break. The company decided we were losing too much time to toilet breaks, and installed this new solution. If you have to go on shift, you just take a "pee break" from the machine and carry on working."

Ann didn't understand, but she did very much 'have to go', so she hit the button on the machine and what looked like a thin panty liner fell into the tray.

"What's this?" she demanded.

"That's your pee break." Answered Helen, "Just pop it in your knickers and carry on with your work while you go. It's an incredible piece of technology, easy to insert, comfortable to wear, and designed to hold two hours worth of urine without smelling or getting wet."

"What if I have more than two hours worth in my bladder?"

"You shouldn't," Helen explained, taking the 'pee break' and sliding it into place under her dress, "it doesn't take any of our staff here more than two hours to get in, and we've budgeted for one pee break each every two hours."

"But I've got a whole night's worth in here." Ann complained, rubbing her distended bladder, "Can you let me into the bathroom please? I really have to go."

"Oh no. I'm sorry, it's on a time lock." frowned Helen, adjusting her dress, "You can have the first lunch break though if you like, it's only four hours away."

"And you can wear one of these in case you leak." she suggested, hitting the button again, "I wouldn't try letting go in it though, you wouldn't want to embarrass yourself."

Ann took the 'pee break' and stared at it as Helen returned to the counter. She tried pushing the toilet door one more time to no avail, crossing her legs to relieve some pressure and wondering how on earth she would hold it for four more hours. She unbuttoned her jeans, pulled her knickers out at the front and slid the pee break under her clamped-shut urethra, gingerly trying not to aggravate her bulging bladder. To her surprise, the technologically advanced pad somehow found its position easily and stayed in place. With a grimace and a quick squeeze of her crotch, Ann turned around and walked carefully to the storeroom to collect the books for stacking.

*003*2019-10-08 13:06

"Are you ok, miss? You look quite uncomfortable." said a concerned customer as Helen tried to simultaneously scan his purchases and relieve herself.

"Yes sir, sorry. I'm fine. We got new uniforms today and I'm just getting used to them."

The customer looked around to see the workers all in various black and white outfits, wondering what she meant by new uniform, but decided not to press her on it, handing over his money and leaving slightly confuswd.

Helen was starting to worry. It had been nearly 90 minutes since she'd put her per break in, two and a half hours since she'd squatted in the shower and let the previous evening's pints of cider had gushed down the drain (she was nothing if not environmentally friendly), and still she'd been unable to pee. She was starting to worry about overfilling the pee break; would two and a half hours fit? She wasn't desperate, but she had to go and didn't fancy waiting until her lunch break. It was now or never, but nothing would come out.

It had been so easy in the managers' meeting where they'd been introduced to the technology. She'd thought it strange being asked to go to the bathroom at 10 if she was going to attend the meeting at 12, but understood after the boffin from the pee breaks company explained the technology.

Sat around the table in the meeting room, the four managers had slipped their pee breaks into position and let loose, laughing at Mike who had forgotten about the 10 o clock pee and had to clamp his hand over his penis to stop before he soaked his jeans, shuffling desperately out into the corridor to finish his pee in the toilet.

She thought back to the meeting and tried to imagine how it felt, hoping to encourage nature along. She tried to feel the warmth and wetness spreading over her genitals and quickly being wicked away by the pee break. She imagined how it compared to the time she'd peed in a traffic jam, the similar relief and feeling in her knickers, and the differences: the lack of warm pee pooling around her bum, the confidence of doing it on purpose rather than embarrassment and defeat as it forced its way out. Still nothing happened, she was as dry as she was an hour ago.

She gave up and squatted down to get a new till roll. As she squatted she sneezed and a dribble of pee came out. Instinctively she clenched and stopped it, squeezing her thighs together as she stood back up. Only when she'd inserted the new till roll did she realise what she'd just done. Eureka!

Helen squatted again and began to pee, letting it out slowly and steadily for fear of overwhelming the pee break. She basked in the warmth and the relief for a few seconds, only to be interrupted,

"Excuse me. Can I pay for these please?"

Again she clenched instinctively and stopped the flow, looking up at the customer like she'd caught her in some naughty act.

"Of course, one second," said the still-crouching Helen, relaxing again to restart her pee. She slowly straightened up, managing to keep the gentle flow going as she did so.

"That'll be £16.98 please." She told the customer as her bladder continued to empty into the warm, wet pee break.

Just as the payment had almost gone through and Helen's bladder was almost empty, a leak ran down the inside of her left thigh. "Shit." She muttered under her breath as she clenched for a third time.

"Are you ok?" asked the customer.

"Yeah, it's nothing. Don't worry. Have a nice day!" Helen dismissed the customer. She considered going to the machine and taking a fresh pee break to finish off, but the current one seemed to have dried, and the temptation to was too great. She squatted again, relaxed a final time, and let the remainder of her bladder empty. To her dismay, it poured over the saturated pee break, dripping and splattering over the floor, wetting her knickers and leaving what she hoped wasn't a noticeable damp patch on her skirt. Oh well, she thought, at least she was empty now.

*007*2020-01-16 13:14

At 10:30, Ann was feeling hopeful. On the one hand, she hadn't peed for 12 hours straight, and the squatting, standing, stretching, and climbing ladders that shelf-stacking involved had put her distended bladder in very uncomfortable situations, threatening to empty itself every time she jiggled it or reached too high. On the other hand though, she hadn't so much as dribbled in her pee break, and now that her stacking was done she'd be able to stop aggravating her bladder and just stand still behind the till until lunch. Ann thought she might just make it these last two hours before sweet relief was hers.

Helen came hurrying over with a nervous look on her face, her hands repeatedly brushing the back of her skirt against her legs.

"Ann could you do me a favour please?" She asked, eyes darting around, "Is there something on the back of my skirt?"

"No, I don't think so." She lied, noticing the shiny wet mark running from just below Helen's bum to the hem of her denim dress. "Why? Did you sit in something?"

Relieved, Helen grinned and told Ann all about her little experience. "The till's unattended now. Could you go and take over from me?" Helen asked, "I'm really sorry about my mess, I'll come and clean it up as soon as I change. Do you need me to get you a change of pee break too?"

"No thanks, I'm still all dry. I'm a big girl!" Ann mocked, gingerly stepping over to the till, noting the little puddle on the floor and praying that she wouldn't be making her own before lunch. From her vantage point she could see Helen waddle over to the vending machine and begin the surprisingly discreet process of removing her full pee break and replacing it with a fresh one. She imagined how Helen's empty bladder must feel, trying to remember what seemed like an eternity ago: the time when she didn't have to pee. The heat between her legs intensified as her thighs squeezed together, helping her exhausted urethra contain her ocean of piss and for a moment she considered just letting go.

"Do you have to go potty?" A voice snapped her out of her daydream.

"Sorry, sir?" She looked at the customer standing in front of her, confused.

"I said do you have Harry Potter?"

"Yes, sorry sir, over there." She pointed.

Helen came back with a bucket and mop and began to clean up her mess. Ann served a few customers, but was constantly distracted by the sloshing of the water in the mop bucket, reminding her of her own enormous container of liquid sloshing about inside her.

"Helen, are you done yet? This isn't helping!" She snapped.

"Sorry, Ann. I can still smell the pee. I won't be long."

"Are you sure it isn't yourself you're smelling? You didn't exactly manage to clean up properly after you pissed your pants."

Helen blushed and thought about her poor knickers that she'd soaked, she reached under her dress and felt their dampness through her tights.

"Maybe you're right. Sorry, I'll, go and empty this bucket."

"No. Wait." Something occured to Ann, "I'll do it."

"No, that's ok." Said Helen, "it's my mess, I'll finish cleaning up."

"No, please, I insist." Ann replied.

"No, don't be silly, I don't want to make things harder for you with your full bladder. You stay here."

"Oh for f**'s sake! I need to piss in the bucket before I empty it!" she snapped again, picking up the bucket and hobbling over to the cleaning cupboard on the other side of the shop. She dumped the bucket of swirling liquid on the floor, pushed down on the cupboard's handle and, for the first time in her adult life, a jet of pee shot out uninvited into her pants. Her face flushed red as she clamped her left hand between her legs, struggling with the unmoving handle with her right. Another spurt came out and she panicked. She got it under control but as she fumbled for a second with the button on her jeans a long slow leak began. She yanked her jeans and panties down in one jittery motion and let her waters gush out into the bucket. She sat, perched on the lip as pee flowed and flowed from her aching bladder, tingling and heating up her privates. The noise of her urine splashing against the water echoed around the shop, but Ann couldn't care less.

"Oh. I'm so sorry!" exclaimed Helen as she came round the corner, keys in hand. "I thought you'd need these."

