Masses of pee need

Author: huberp76

*000*2020-04-25 17:06

Once i stopped at a parking lot on a motorway, to take a piss and to drink a coffee.

It was a small parking lot, there was no restaurant, just machines for coffee and cold drinks and just one toilet for boys and one for girls.

I was nearly ready with my coffee, as 3 large busses from East Europe, full with girls and boys, stopped next to me.

In our capital city was, to that time, a international youth event.

Hundreds of busses, with young peoples from whole Europe, was on the way to the city.

As soon as the bus doors opened, i could see that the girls and the boys pushed to the exit.

Nearly all the girls who were getting out, were bending over and had one hand between the thighs.

It did not last a long and there was a long line, in front of the girls loo.

ALL the girls were standing with their legs tight crossed and knotted.

Most of the boys pissed beside the busses and many of the girls could not wait, in line for the loo.

They were squatting in front of me and of the other, who were on the parking lot.

I had never seen so many bare girls thighs, so many panties down on the girls knees and so many pissing pussies, so near around me.

I think the girls must have been imprisoned in the bus since the evening before.

Their bladders must have been full to burst since hours, they must have had needing to wee so bad, that they did not even care about that i and some others, could see them .

They just HAD to wee, nothing else!

They could not even think about something else, than finally to pee.

It was morning and i think that they did not have a chance to take their morning pee.

They did drive the night through and stopped the first time right next to the border.

Sometimes it did take hours before you could pass and it was not allowed to get out from the bus or from the car.

To wait for hours , with a bladder full from the night, can get very painful.

The parking lot, where we have been, was the first after the border and i think that the girls and the boys too, could not wait, to get finally there.

I did buy a second coffee and watched the girls in the line, how they did hold it with all their willpower and their body power, how hard they did fight against their bodily needs.

Some of them could not wait that long, they were squatting and pissed before they could get in the loo.

Two pissed their panties while they were waiting, they did start to wee, squatting down , but could not stop to pee.

They pissed all the urine, that they were holding for so long, through their panties.

Never before and never after that, i did see so many crossed girl legs and so many weeing girls at one place, since then.

*002*2020-05-09 06:55

{{15 hours ago, LaReine66 said:

Oh my God, I love that kind of stories!

}}

Welcome at omorashi. I am glad that you like my story. Thank you.

*004*2020-05-15 21:35

{{On 5/11/2020 at 12:39 PM, LaReine66 said:

I already read some of your stories, and I really like that, all these decsriptions of bulging bladder and feelings related to this, it's simply awesome!

}}

Thank you for reading. I am glad that you like it.

*005*2021-01-15 22:23

Sometimes later, i had a similar experience, but it was not a masses pee need, it was a experience with just one single girl.

I have been driving alone with my car on a narrow country road. It was near the east border. In front of me was a old bus from a country in East Europe .

I could not overtake, because the road was to narrow and it was curvy, so i had to stay behind the bus.

After a while, the bus stopped and i had to stop too. A girl was getting out, she walked, bending over and with one hand pressed hard between her thighs. She walked on the side to the back of the bus.

There were no more cars behind me, but the girl did not even look around.

She lifted her, short skirt, pulled her panties down and started to piss before she was squatting.

A little bit of wee was running down on her nude legs, before she pissed full force.

The girl was totally in front of me, just about two meters away. She did not look at me, i think she did not even see me.

She must have needed to wee so bad that she could not think anything else, than to let it out and to release her poor bladder from the pain and from the feeling to be forced to explode.

I think she would have pissed on the main square, in front of hundreds of peoples, so bad she was needing that.

She pissed so hard and so long, it was incredible how the urine was squirting out of her.

It seems that her bladder was full since hours, but she was forced to hold it.

It was so hot for me to see her squatting so near to me, with her thighs spreading, her panties down on her knees and pissing from a bursting full bladder.

