Urination Procrastination

Author: HissGenerator

*000*2022-04-09 06:06

###

It really seems to be the case that being desperate while writing fiction just makes writing all the more fun and intense—and really helps sympathize with the characters. I’m currently wearing tight-waist leggings and washed skintight jeans, exacerbating the urge to pee by actively placing pressure against my bladder. Having to fight through that while writing this is just too good to describe.

I purposefully did not give “she” a name so that whoever you are reading this can make “she” whoever you want her to be. Have fun imagining!

P.S., there’s a small towel smothered somewhere in there, *wink* *wink*.

###

Urination Procrastination

She scurries to toilet, extremely desperate to pee, lifting her white shirt and scrambling to unfasten her belt.

She is wearing skinny light-pink, grainy-washed jeans; wearing them just below her tender—normally slim but now bulging—lightly-tanned waist, around and over her hips, her jeans increasingly riddled with thinly-creased folds as it wraps upwards around her legs; she wrinkled them so while wriggling in bed.

She was watching her favorite film: The Secretary. She watches the same one every year on this day, as a ritual of sorts. She puts on her favorite panties and jeans, her favorite bra and shirt—even her favorite hairstyle: dark-brown hair completely down, frizzy and all.

She drank her favorite tea—green tea—from a large thermostat she prepared before the film and snuggled up under the comfort of her blanket. But she drank too much tea, of course—it is her favorite after all, why not drink all that she can? She didn’t want to pause the movie—after all it is her favorite film, why not watch it without interruption?

So she managed as she could: wriggling in her bed, throwing her blanket between her legs, her pillow between her legs, her hands between her legs—anything she could place therein to quell the urge to pee, she tried.

As she wriggled in bed, her jeans slowly shifted upwards, forming those thinly-creased folds, her jean cuffs sliding halfway up her shins. She did not care that her pants were so—in fact, it gave her a wedgie sufficient enough to put some pressure against herself, aside from the pillows and covers smothered between her legs.

As the film neared its end, she had reached her brink: if she did not get out of bed now, she would completely and utterly wet herself right then and there, soaking the blanket and pillow shoved between her legs, and through the covers, staining her bed.

As a result of her procrastination, her belly was swollen, tender to touch, reddened by her overstretched bladder and fastened belt pressing against it. Half her belly subdued under her belt and jeans, the other half protruding through her white shirt.

She had suddenly felt a strong surge to pee and tightly squeezed her bladder sphincter, holding herself with her left hand over her blanket, having discarded her pillow aside since it softened the pressure against herself. However, the film, although near its end, had not yet reached so; and she struggles to hold back her bladder’s yearning to empty.

Despite her best efforts, she feels a few drops of pee slip pass her sphincter and down into her urethra, feeling them slowly travel down and into her red panties. Consequently, she casts aside her blanket, annoyed that it didn’t help. She crossed her legs into a pretzel and and clasped both hands together, pushing them against herself and moving them in circles to quell the aching urge away.

She did not want to pause her movie, though she knew what was going to happen and that it only had about two minutes left. Meanwhile, she was dying to pee, uncrossing her legs out of the pretzel and bringing them closer to her chest, in an upright fetal position, subduing herself with her left hand.

She didn’t like how her fetal position placed more pressure on her belly, so she thought perhaps stomping both legs could do the trick, but it did nothing for her. So she sat up at the edge of her bed, while watching her film come to its end. She sat at the edge of her bed swinging her thighs left to right while continuously holding herself with her left hand, caressing her right thigh with her right hand. When she felt her urge only persist, she switched her left for her right hand and lightly bounced up and down in place—but that only made matters worse for her aching bladder.

So, she laid back in her bed and rested her back on the wall behind her and laid her legs flat on the bed, crossing her legs like twizzlers: right leg over left knee under left ankle, uncross; left leg over right knee under right ankle, uncross; continuously keeping her both hands clasped tightly against herself; occasionally moving them in circles to when the waves of pee fiercely batters against the flood gates.

As her film comes to an end, a sudden urge tingles in her belly.

She quickly hops out of bed, having to bend forward to do so, the bottom of rib cage and pelvis squeezing against her bladder as trying to pop a balloon, and nearly exploded in her jeans right there. However, she quickly presses both her hands against herself as she got up, only allowing a few drops to come out of her, and squeezed her legs tightly together, running desperately to the toilet like so..

Her legs were slim: her shins the size of the thickest part of a baseball bat; her calves as mini-footballs; her knees protruding through her jeans, the latter wrapping around her quivering slim lower thighs and her tender upper thighs thickened enough to touch.

She reaches the toilet, having to let go of herself briefly so that she can unfasten her belt with both hands, relying only on her sphincter muscles and legs. The urge persists and her legs begin to twitch and quickly shake profusely as her belly tingles strongly against her tightened sphincter. She places her right hand over her belly in discomfort and groans at her belt being difficult while the urge knocks on her bladder door. She slides her thighs forwards and back, her jeans audibly swishing while she copes with her swollen bladder.

She slowly begins to hyperventilate as the urge to pee refuses to cease, shoving both her hands into her upper thighs and holding tightly against herself. She tightens her legs together, placing her left foot on top of her right foot while bending at her knee profusely. She momentarily tames her tingling bladder, and is relieved, since this window of opportunity gives her time to try to unfasten her belt again.

It’s stuck, as she tries her best to undo it, nervously fiddling with the buckle and becoming frustrated in her movements as the urge slowly starts to creep back. She groans at her failure to open her belt in time before the urge came back—she gasps having miscalculated the strength of her tighten muscles and legs, the urge crashing against her, coming back stronger and more forceful against her belly. She clutches it with her right hand while grabbing herself with her left, thinking it could soothe the urge, but it only grows more fierce; so she forsakes clutching her belly for her crotch, and her right hand meets her left at her crotch. She moves her left knee further over her right, smothering her hands even tighter between her upper thighs, consoling herself in circular motions with her hands to quell the excruciating urge to let go, her crotch quivering profusely as if holding back a heavily battered storm-wall.

Her face is flushed and red, breaking out in a sweat on her forehead; she bites on her bottom lips in extreme discomfort and groans through her teeth. She looks at the toilet, inviting her to pee, but she knows she has not yet been able to unfasten her belt. The urge tingling vehemently in her tender belly—her belt pressing harshly against it—taunting her as she is so close yet worried she won’t be able to make it: she hears the ever-so-slight whisper in her mind to just let go—just give in and the pain will go away—

She starts letting out increasingly loader verbal gasps, groaning as the urge loosens the strength of her sphincter but she instinctively tightens it harder with all her might, crossing her right leg over her left and pushing her hands against herself harder—she glances again at the toilet.. oh, what she would give to be able to pull her jeans down now and give in to her desperation.

She stomps her feet in alternation, bending up and down at her knees, her hands thrusted into her upper thighs, her jeans swishing profusely; she groans as she’s unable to hold back the flood gates: she lets out a desperate, worrisome gasp, as she begins to pee herself a little, dribbling more in her light-red panties.

With all her might, she squeezes both her eyes and grinds her teeth together, forcefully holding back the leakage to mere dribbles. Her bladder rage back pain against her in response. And thereafter, she desperately and frantically tries to unfasten her belt one last time before she can no longer render her wetting to mere leaking. She frantically glances at the toilet and then to her frustratingly-fastened belt, while her hyperventilating picks up, so afraid she’s going to lose complete control at any moment; bemoaning her dissatisfaction at the reality that she’s literally right there: right next to the toilet; she has only to drop her pants and sit.

Her hands twitching profusely and her coordinate reckless, she is not able to keep her full attention on the belt any longer. If someone were to see her now, she’d look like she’s having a hunched-over seizure.

But as she unsuccessfully attempts to unfasten her belt, the urge only grew more stronger, catching her in the midst. She lets out a belching grown, quickly thrusting her hands hard back against herself, one over the other clasping over her jeans—her fingers poking out the back—and twists her left leg tightly around her right, twitching profusely—almost to the point of visible shivering.

She looks at the toilet with an innocent stare, knowing she’s right next to it and can’t use it. She jumps up and down begging and hoping that she can hold back the surge to pee—she belches another groan, swiftly looks below, and exclaims: “Ugh, No! No!—[her hyperventilating reduced to short breathes]—No!—.. No!—..”, feeling that she’s unable to suppress her bladder from spurting, and uncontrollably releasing a hissy pressured burst of pee, before tightening herself mid-spurt, hurting her urethra and belly.

Her pee streams in a spurt, her wet hands and fingers forcefully guiding its direction, the pressure of her hands forcing her pee laterally, across and below her buttocks, down the back of her upper thighs.

So swift was the burst that her upper thighs noticeably darkened before her taint darkened, the resistance of her jeans having slowed the stream-front of the burst enough to soak the fabric at her upper thighs, the taint only darkening thereafter having slowed enough to allow the fabric to soak up whatever trailed of the spurt.

The front squirting through her jeans and splashing harshly onto the dry grey-tiled floor below, splattering everywhere—droplets splashing against her ankles and bare feet.

Her gasps uncontrollably continue as each tingling surge breaks though her tight grasp, flooding her crotch with garbled spurts of warmth, with each subsequent spurt increasing in frequency, and her butt glistening thereby in repeated shining pulses. She looks at the toilet in disbelief: ‘Damn it, I’m right here—No!—[shaking her head]—I’m right here!’, she says aloud to herself, reflecting over the fact that she could have made it if it were not for her stupid belt.

She lets out a final uncontrollable spurt through her hands, feeling the skin of her pelvis and both hands substantially wet. Seeing as it’s too late, and no point in trying any further to prevent soaking her jeans—realizing that she cannot hold on any longer—she gives up and relinquishes her resistance against the urge, removing her wet hands and placing both on the side of her thighs. She looks in shame at the water in her toilet bowl and unleashes the full potential of her tiring bladder: pee gushes out of her, and against her light-red panties, filling up the empty spaces therein, garbling in a slosh of piss and forming a puddle in her crotch. Her pee explodes out the back of her, the red darkness of her jeans spreading from her taint and up her butt crack, glistening along the way.

While the rest gravity pulls down the back of her thighs, first swiftly squirting out of the fabric of her jeans before they can soak properly, and loudly splashing on the wet tiled-floor below, then eventually a proper river of streaming red darkness is formed down her legs allowing glistening pee to flow smoothly down her legs. The release is so strong, her flood quickly soaks her back pockets and smothers her butt cheeks with warm pee.

Her dark-pink jeans darken to a red, glistening profusely, her streaming flowing and glittering in the light. Her flow of pee gushing down the back of her thighs, trickling down the back of her knees and calves, making an audible trickling swoosh below as her pee flows down her ankles, filling and growing the light-yellow puddle at her shiny feet.

She stoops her head forward, lifting her white shirt slightly to catch a clear glimpse of the front: her crotch darkens considerably as pee fills every crevice between her skin, panties and jeans; darkness spreading quickly to her pubic area—she feels her bare-shaven skin therein grow warm—and laterally towards her front pockets, swiftly gushing down the front of her thighs, glistening; then down and around her knees—some light-yellow pee visibly streaming around her kneecaps, a shining light-yellow downward flow in the light—and below to the sides of her calves and growing laterally therefrom over her shins, streaming out the ends of her jean cuffs and splashing on the puddled dark-grey floor and her feet.

She wiggles her toes, feeling the warmth seep between them and underneath, and their sliding together so slippery. The light-yellow puddle is battered with splashes of gushing pee, splattering and ricocheting droplets further away from the puddle and upon the outside of the toilet bowl. The puddle grows, moving towards and connecting with the toilet where it meets with the floor. She watches her pee move to and touch the toilet, thinking: ‘well, at least I got some of it to the toilet’, laughing to herself while feeling naughty.

She tilts her head back, letting out a sigh as she finishes the rest of whatever is left in her belly, placing both hands thereon.

She lets out a final exhaustive sign of relief and shivers violently: ‘Phew! That was a lot. Time to get a towel and clean this up.’ Her jeans are absolutely soaked, nearly completed darkened to a red, as if she had showered in her jeans and shower head had missed only a few dry spots around her waist.

One may think her favorite day ruined, when in fact, this, too, was her favorite thing to do.

*002*2022-04-11 03:42

{{10 hours ago, Nova said:

Omg if that was great!!!

}}

Really? I’m trying to articulate the female desperation experience, so I appreciate the response: let’s me know I’m going in the right direction.

*004*2022-04-12 15:52

{{11 hours ago, FullBladder85 said:

I think this is easily the best of the "stuck belt makes woman pee her pants right in front of the toilet" stories I've ever read, and I've read at least a half dozen over the years. I love how much details you get into, thanks for writing this.

}}

Thank you, I appreciate the response. I want to be as detailed as possible, but also realistic. Fantasy is great and all, but realism is just better because its feels natural.

