Captured Captain - A Warhammer 40k Story

Author: Hyde

*000*2025-08-16 15:06

The Conqueror shuddered as it reached its destination, hovering over the Interex planet, its hull groaning like a beast. On the bridge, many stood gazing at the hololith flicker with data. A strike mission was planned, a quick, bloody raid on an Interex military outpost away from the capital.

Lotara Sarrin, the Captain or Shipmaster of the Conqueror stood with her arms crossed. She looked as stern as ever. Despite being what Astartes would call “mortal” she held the utmost respect among the entire legion, including the Primarch. "Why not let me observe?" she demanded, still looking at the data on the hololith.

Kharn, who stood behind her, retorted,

"You’re not a warrior," he rumbled, though there was amusement in his voice. "You command from the bridge, not the field."

Sarrin turned around, her scarred face gazed at him, her iron will refusing to be declined.

"And if I don’t see what my ship’s warriors endure, how can I command them effectively?" she shot back.

Kharn exhaled through his vox, considering. "Fine. But stay behind us, we will land on high ground you may observe but from a distance. If you die, Angron will have my head.”

Lotara smirked. "I’ll find a way to kill you myself if you fail to protect me."

She made her way to the drop pod with the Astartes kill team, the bloody hand print on her uniform shirt now covered by a light carapace armor. A laspistol hosteler on her side, it wasn’t much of a weapon against the Interex but it could still be useful. They all strapped in ready to be dropped. Then without notice she felt a sudden intense feeling of weightlessness and falling. While falling from orbit though, she felt a second sudden feeling, one in her bladder, the intensity of the falling drop pod made her need worse but it wasnt the end of the world, just regretting the extra recaf she had before this.

Soon enough the drop pod landed on the planet and she felt the pressure subside slightly now that conditions were normal to her again. She didn’t concern it too much now, the World Eaters would demolish the outpost quickly and she will be back aboard The Conqueror soon. The Five World Eaters exited the pod before her, she undid the bars that held her down and exited.

She walked out of the dark pod into the daylight, this kill team was joining the fight late as the battle was already far along. Chainaxes roared, defenders screaming, the outpost was already starting to crumble. The World Eaters drop in and tear their opponents apart, and this drop pod was no different landing very close to the ongoing battle. However, as Kharn said they had landed on a high ground area, both so Sarrin could see the work of their legion first hand, and to keep her at a safe distance.

Kharn ordered two of the World Eaters to stay by Sarrin while he and two Berzerkers began to sprint down the hill. Death was their craft and Kharn was the ultimate weapon ripping through the defenders he got close to, a massacre that was his creation. Sarrin always watched battles from the hololith of The Conqueror, now finally seeing one first hand it was beautiful to her.

The outpost was slowly breaking down before them, World Eaters scaled the walls and broke down the gates, it was exhilarating. The raw power of the Legion, the precision of their violence she understood now why Angron had forged them this way.

But as the battle stretched into an hour, the pressure in her abdomen grew from a mild discomfort to a nagging distraction. She had been standing moderately still this whole time with her arms behind her back while her World Eater bodyguards stood by her sides. Now her stature devolved into shifting her weight and tightening her thighs subtly. She enjoyed watching but wished they would just end it already.

Little did she know it was just beginning for her.

Suddenly the World Eater to her left was struck by a large arrow, it pierced him straight through. He looked around before collapsing trying to find his attacker. Sarrin, now startled, had flinched at the impact of the arrow. Sarrin and the remaining bodyguard looked toward where they believed the arrow came from and saw several more in the sky moving in unconventional ways. The World Eater stood infront of Sarrin as more hit the ground.

A hidden squad of Interex Warriors ambushed them from a flanking position. Sarrin barely had time to run back into the drop pod before more arrows were fired off. Her legs were shaking, she peered from the doorway to watch the fight. The remaining World Eater was hit repeatedly from arrows, he fired off shots but kept getting skewered. The arrows pierced through his chest into the ground behind him that kept him from falling over, eventually his body went limp and he dropped his bolter.

Sarrin, still looking on, was now feeling something unfamiliar. Was this stress? She thought to herself briefly. No, that wasn’t it. She pressed her legs together tighter. For the first she was truly in danger, she was truly scared of what would happen next.

She saw the robotic looking centaur warriors approach the bodies of the two Astartes, she moved slightly more into the drop pod trying to not make any noise. There was a loud bang on the wall next to her followed by a large arrow moving through the metal like it was nothing. Startled, she screamed before cutting it off by covering her mouth. A large suit of armor now entered the pod, she was shaking, as a pair of metallic hands grasped her and injected her with something before pulling her out of the drop pod. She was slowly losing consciousness and she was put onto the back of one of the centaurs.

Sarrin started to wake up, her eyes slowly opened, she was staring at the ground and it was moving. As the fog cleared from her mind she looked around and realized she was thrown over the back of one of the Interex Centaurs, her wrists bound, she didn’t know how long it had been but she had a very intense pressure in her bladder that hurt with every movement of the centaur. She was thankful she didn’t involuntarily lose control while unconscious. That saved her and her legion some dignity at least, but that wouldn’t be the case if she was stuck like this for much longer.

She was debating saying something, or maybe pretending to still be out and gather information she could use to help her escape or send a signal or something. Her armor and weapon were both taken from her; she didn’t have a lot of options. But they already noticed her waking up.

She felt something hit her in the small of her back, one of them had kicked her to fully wake her up. She tensed up, twisted her legs slightly trying to hold it all in.

Using her stern voice she snarled,

“You will be slaughtered, you know this, yes?”

They ignored her and started to move into what looked like a small improvised structure, one picked her up and carried her inside. The floor was just dirt and the walls looked like various broken barricades placed together to form a sort of hut. The armored Interex placed her down on the dirt.

She spat at him. "You’re already dead. My Legion will tear this place apart to find me."

The Interex backhanded her, sending her crashing to the floor. The impact jolted her bladder, and she gasped, squeezing her legs together. The urge was overwhelming now a hot, throbbing demand that made it hard to focus. She didn’t even know how long she had been holding it for, and the stress of capture had only worsened it.

The Interex left, promising to return with proper tools. Alone, Sarrin’s body shaked, she wriggled around trying to find a position that eased the pressure. She couldn’t afford to lose control, not here, not like this. She was now on her knees, her legs pressed together tight and constantly fidgeting.

More and more time had passed and it was looking hopeless for both her rescue and her relief. Still she refused to just give up, her iron will took control like it always does. She was holding on.

The area that was quiet for hours instantly exploded into war, the sounds of screams echoing, bolter fire in the air, revving noises were everywhere. Sarrin’s heart was racing, she didn’t know what to do, she couldn’t do anything really. Suddenly the makeshift door behind her burst open and one of the Interex warriors flew past her. He got up quickly with his sword in hand and charged, she heard the revving of a chainaxe behind. She looked behind, all she could see was a massive axe swinging toward her head.

She closed her eyes.

Her bladder gave out in what she thought were her last moments. Still on her knees it ran down her legs and soaked her pants. The dark material now shining wet as she lost control. Despite losing control her body didn’t relax. She stayed tensed up from the stress and her piss slightly pooled around her crotch where she squeezed her legs. She felt the warmth overcome her legs and blushed at the relief she was feeling.

She continued to relieve herself into her own pants when she finally opened her eyes. She was still alive. To her right was the Interex warrior now dead. Behind her was Kharn holding a spinning chainaxe. She blushed some more.

“Kharn!” She said in an embarrassed, shaky voice.

She looked away to not catch his gaze. He looked down at her, the dirt around her was now saturated and darkened. She composed herself, put on her captain's voice and looked back at Kharn again. Seeking to blame him for her accident she yells.

“Look what you did! You will be facing retaliation for this. Now untie me.”

Kharn did so but declined to speak, seeing as she shot other World Eaters for less.

Sarrin got up, her legs still a bit shaky, a mix of fear and embarrassment still. The pooled urine around her crotch also ran down her legs as she got up further drenching her pants and ground with a drizzling pitter patter as it landed. Her dark pants were now darker and shining, they were not spared at all, the front and back both covered in her own piss, some rivulets still slowly dripping onto the ground. Not even her shirt fully survived either, the bottom of her white uniform shirt was also wet and stained very faint yellowish now.

Sarrin’s face burned with fury and shame. "Not. A. Word." She turned to walk out, her boots squelched with each step. She stopped, sighed briefly and continued.

Kharn turned away, but she could hear the smirk in his voice. "Let’s go, Captain. The ship’s waiting."

And with that, the legend of Lotara Sarrin gained one more unspoken story, one that no World Eater would dare repeat.

At least, not within earshot of her.

&&

