A girl was not allowed to pee

Author: huberp76

*000*2019-10-18 14:20

Once i did meet a friend with his girl friend in a shopping mall.

This girl was really pretty, I have never seen her before. Very slim, short skirt and slender, nude legs.

I love girls desperate to pee and my trained eyes told me,that this girl was needing to wee.

Whenever we looked at a window, she was standing with her slim legs tight crossed.

“ Could it be that your girl is needing to wee“ I asked my friend.

“Sure, pretty bad i think „ he answered.

“And why doesn’t she go?“ I wanted to know.

“I don’t let her, sometimes I love it to make her hold. I did not let her take her morning pee today. She did not wee since yesterday evening. I think she is pretty full and is needing to go really bad by now „ he answered.

I was hard at the moment!

“How much longer do you make her hold? How much longer can she endure this?“ I wanted to know.

“She is really good in holding, she is good trained, she can hold it really long if she has to.Her bladder and her sphincter are strong enough to hold it until we get home at evening.

Then she gets fucked and then i let her piss in a bucked, to see how much she was able to hold „ he told me.

We went to a coffee shop, the girl was sitting with her beautiful legs crossed and her nude thighs pressed together.

I could only think on her bladder and how much hot wee she was holding in her slim belly.

I did think about how much longer she had to hold it and to imagine that she would get fucked with her bladder that full made me total horny.

My best shopping trip ever!

*002*2019-10-19 12:59

{{4 hours ago, HoldingPrinces said:

OMG. This situation is very hot. I imagine myself being in her situation. I wish I also had a boyfriend like that, who makes me hold to the extremes

}}

Great that you would like to be in her situation!

Do you think that you can hold it for so long?

It was afternoon and that girl did not wee since the evening before.

Her bladder must have been big like a melon, from holding it for so long and she still had to hold it for hours more.

Do you think that you could endure that?

Would you like to be forced by your boyfriend to endure it?

Needing to wee so bad, full to burst, but not allowed to go, is it that what you want?

No wee for you !

*006*2019-10-21 17:49

{{On 10/19/2019 at 6:09 PM, FullBladder85 said:

I second that, it's a great short story, but it could easily be expanded several pages.

}}

Thank you! I am glad that you like my story, the next one will be longer.

*007*2019-10-21 18:10

{{16 hours ago, Dtravis said:

I am also wondering if you plan to write more? Your extreme holding stories are awesome but I haven't seen any updates in ages...

}}

Yes I love extreme holding and i like it to write about it.

At the moment i am busy, but as soon as I have time, I’ll write more of it.

I am glad about that you like my stories, thank you!

*009*2019-11-01 15:39

{{On 10/22/2019 at 2:11 AM, HoldingPrinces said:

Yes. She must have held it for nearly 24 hours or more. But the maximum I have ever held is around 18 hours. (But with a good liquid intake) I tried several times to go beyond 18 hours and hit 24 hours, but failed. But I'm still trying. If my own willpower and motivation is not enough for that, someone else controlling my bladder will help out, who doesn't allow me to pee, whatever happens and however I'm desperate.. Yes. I think I can hold and endure.

}}

Hi Princes,

I always love to read your stories and your experiences where you hold it all day and then you go with your full bladder to your dance activities.

After dancing for hours, you still don’t go, you hold your bursting bladder until you get home, to take a wee what you should have needed since so many hours, great and total arousing for me.

I love this imagination!

You wrote that your limit is 18 hours and that you did try to hold it for 24 hours, but you never could do it.

Why was it to painful or did you start to leak?

You think if someone would make you hold that you would be able to hold it, and to endure it longer?

What is the difference?

Did ever someone make you hold?

Would you like it to be made to hold it?

*011*2019-11-03 11:06

{{8 hours ago, HoldingPrinces said:

Thank you very much!

Both. But how I finished the holds was, it started to spurt some continuous leaks and then turned into an uncontrollable torrent of stream as my floodgates opened beyond my control.

The maximum I have ever held it 18 hours so far. But some days I've wetted, or started leaking continuously even before 18 hours. (all days are not same) I think I'm not yet strong enough to hold for 24 hours.

When I'm holding by myself, it's just only my own willpower, which is not enough to push myself to extremes like 24 hours, because I'll give up when I can't endure anymore. But when someone else is controlling my bladder, giving up on the hold is beyond my control and hence I can't simply pee when I feel like I'm at the limit, so I may hold more than what I used to do

}}

Hi Princes,

I love how you force yourself to hold it for so long, sometimes from early morning until late evening.

I love it how you force your poor bladder to endure that and I love it that you would like to be forced from someone (boy)to hold it longer then you could endure it for your own.

You think that you could endure 24 hours if you are made to hold, if a boy simply don’t let you go, not even if you would utterly need it, if he make you hold over the limit of your willpower?

It is a long time from 18 to 24 hours if your bladder is full to burst.

If you want to try a 24 hours hold, how would you make it, when would you start, don’t take your morning pee or go to sleep with a full bladder?

You wrote that you like to torture your bladder, that you like to press and push on it if you come home after a day with out a wee, if you would need to go really bad I love that too.

Did someone else did it for you, torture your bladder, massage your swollen bladder, press on it, push in your belly, to make your strong urge stronger?

One question to your dance activities, does some of the peoples at the audience know that you girls are dancing with a overfilled bladder, does some of the boys know that you and some other girls did not wee since early morning?

I would watch you dance all night long!!!

*014*2019-11-09 18:01

{{1 hour ago, HoldingPrinces said:

I don't know exactly whether I'll be able to last 24 hours or not. But I like to at least try that way. Like, if someone is padlocking my jeans and giving me the key only after 24 hours. (just an idea) So that I have no other option rather than to hold and endure my full bladder.

I can't hold morning pee because I can't skip my poop in the morning. If I skipped it, then that need to poop will bother me the whole day, and pee holding would not be fun then. I don't know a way to poop without peeing. If you know a way, I will hold my morning pee whole day.

I actually don't know whether they know or not. I think they don't know

}}

Padlocking a girls jeans so that she can’t pull it down to take a pee, is always a arousing imagination for me.

No key for you for 24 hours and to watch if your willpower and your musclepower is strong enough to keep your panties dry, would be arousing too.

I agree with you, pee holding is not a fun if you need to poop.

I am able to poop without to pee even my bladder is full to burst.

I understand that the peoples did not know that you was dancing with a full bladder, why should they know it, but did the other dancing girls know it?

Did they get aroused from that?

Did some of the other girls dance with their bladder full from all the day? Did some of them went home after the dancing without to take a much needed wee, like you did?

Is that arousing for you?

*016*2019-11-20 21:44

About one year before i had this experience at the shopping mall, i went with my friend to a soccer game. He was there with a girl, but it was not this girl from the mall.

We had to go for 1.5 hours by bus to this game. At the second part of the game the girl said that she would need to pee. My friend told her that she should wait until the game is over and that there will be loos on the way to the bus where she could go. She agreed.

I did love to know that she was needing to wee and i was turned on about it. After the match we went to the bus and in front of the loos was a queue.

We had time enough to wait for her, but my friend said " The bus is leaving, we don't have time to wait, you have to hold it."

"But it would be really urgent" she answered. He did take her by her hand and we went to the bus. We had to wait more then a half hour before we did leaf.

I could see that she was needing to wee all the time we was waiting, but she did stay in the bus.

We was together since early afternoon and she did not go to the loo all this time. I remember that my friend made her drink a lot.

I think her bladder must have been big as a soccer ball!!!?

To that time i did not know that he loved to make girls hold and wait, i know that since one year later as we was in the shopping mall.

I think that she was needing to wee long before she did admit it at the stadium. Some girls are to shy to talk about their humanly needs, they hold it and hold it and hope that they finde a place where they can go discreet.

The girl was bursting to pee at the long bus ride, she was needing to wee so really bad, she balled her hand to fists, she squeezed her thigs and sometimes she whispered to my friend ear.

I think that she told him how bad she had to go and i think that was exactly that what he wanted to hear.

I am sure that he did not let her go, as soon as we arrived, i think that he did find a reason to made her hold it longer.

At the following years i had some more experiences with my friend, where girls was bursting to pee. Maybe i'll write some of them.

*018*2019-12-13 15:03

{{On 12/11/2019 at 10:10 AM, HoldingPrinces said:

Yes. That's true.

By the way a good writing again

}}

Thank you, I am glad that you like my stories.

I think, there are two kind of girls.

One kind, who try to hide their urge as long as possible and wait for a opportunity where they can go discreet, they hold it even they are full to explode.

The other kind who talk about their urge.

I like both!

My good trained eyes can see if a girl need‘s to wee, even she try’s her best to hide it.

To know that a shy girl is needing to wee, then to make her wait, don’t give her a chance to pee, until her body and her bladder force her to admit that she would need to wee so bad, that she urgently needs a loo and then to bring her to a place where she absolutely can’t go, would be total arousing for me.

The other type of girls, who take about their need, is also arousing for me.

Especially this girls who are proud about their ability to hold it, or girls who know that some boys gets horny from girls desperate to pee.

I love it if a girl say that she would need to wee and don’t go for hours.

I love it if she tell’s me some hours later that she is nearly wetting her panties, or that her bladder is becoming big as a soccer ball and still don’t go.

Then , if she wanted to go, don’t let her go. To bring her to a place where she can’t go for hours more, that would be great.

