Girls gets punished for to be girls! - Page 4

Author: huberp76

*075*2023-05-08 21:21

After they had a long fantastic sex the were lying breathless side by side.

The shape of the abdomen from the „skinny“has changed. After she drank 1.500 ml water was her stomach visible swollen. After a while turned the water to urine and filled the girls bladder more and more.

Then was getting her lower abdomen more and more swollen. There was a growing bulge over her pubic bone, between her pregnant hipbones.

They were still lying static in the bed. The skinny caressed her firm bulging bladder with with one hand, looked at the guy and said “i need to piss so bad! May i go now?”

”Sure not! I’ll punish you if you ask me once again before tomorrow morning.” answered the man and turned out the lights.

”How can you be so cruel to a poor young girl who is needing to wee so bad, how are you able to torture me so much?” said the girl and turned on her side.

The last, large glass of water was still on the way to her already overfilled bladder. She was needing to wee so bad, but he did not let her go to the toilet no matter how urgently she would need to go.

She had no other way than to hold it, but will she be able??

At about 3 am the pressure in the girls bladder was so high that she was afraid to wet the bed. She waked up the guy and said “sorry i can no more, i can’t hold it any longer. I’ll piss the bed if you don’t let me to the toilet.”

”I don’t let you to the toilet and you will not piss the bed, I’ll help you to hold it.” answered the man.

The guy was a great sadist for to make girls hold their pee and for torture their full bladder and he was a little bit perverse too, about that.

He he had a kind of chastity belt, he did not use it once before, but he had it in one of his lockers.

It was not a real chastity belt which was used at middle age from the warrior to prevent that their wives could have sex turning the time when they were at the battle. This belts had two holes for the women’s bodily needs.

The belt from the bailiff was a remake, made from one of his lorimers. They had it usually in a torture chamber and they used it to punish and to torture women and girls with it.

The belt construct consist of two pieces from leather belts , one belt around the hips and the other between the girls thighs.

Unlike to the chastity belt has the “torture belt “ no holes for their bodily needs.

There was a plug inside of the belt exactly there where the girls have their peehole. The plug blocked their hole so that they could not piss.

At will they made the girls wear that belt for one, or for two days and sometimes for longer.

They made the girls bladder full until it was big and stretched to the size of a pumpkin and some of the special sadistic man pressed and pushed on the bursting full bladder to make the poor girls urge and her need even more painful.

The bailiff did not want to torture the „skinny“ so much, but her bladder should stay full and should get fuller at the next hours.

He told her that she would not be allowed to pee until the morning and if she would not able to hold it with her own power, then he wanted to help her and explained her how he will do that.

The girl was afraid about what will happen with her.

On one hand it was exciting for her to be totally at the mercy, to be absolutely dominated and to have not even the right to take a much needed piss.

She did like it to get forced to hold it, or be made to hold it, because she was painhorny, especially she loved the pain of her own bladder full and swollen.

On the other hand she was afraid, because she did not know how much pain she would be able to endure, or better how much pain he will force her to endure.

The guy went for the belt, the girl had to lay on her back and had to spread her thighs.She could not do that without that a few drops of wee were coming out of her.

He pressed with two fingers her cunt lips apart, putted the belt in the girls slit and pushed the plug deep in her peehole.

The thin belly from the young tomboy girl was already swollen from her overfilled bladder.

The girl caressed her bladder bulge with her hand and said “you will kill me, you will burst my poor bladder that way.”

”Your bladder can get bigger, much bigger.” he said “ but now we should sleep for some more hours.”

The girl turned to her side and pulled her knees up to her head, to give her bladder more room.

Unbelievable that she was able to sleep with such a full bladder and such a strong and painful urge to piss, but she could and she was able to sleep.

At 6 am they waked up and the „skinny“ said that she could not stand it any longer and that it is already unbearable, she begged the guy for to let her finally piss.

„Let me piss please, i have been such a good girl, i endure more than my body has power to endure. Every move i do is hurting me.“she said.

To see the bladder of the girl bulging out so much from her thin belly, was very arousing for the man.

In his imaginations he could NEVER get enough from it, he would torture her bladder even more, but in reality he wanted not to pain the girl much more and no longer.

To see the super slim girl with one leather belt around her swollen belly and another leather belt through her girl slit made him very horny.

He wanted to fuck her so bad, but he disbelieved that this could be possible with her that full.

He did lead her to the bathroom and opened first the belt and then he pulled the plug out of her little pisshole. At the same moment it was bursting out of her, her urine was jetting out with high pressure and a loud hissing sound.

The guy pressed one finger on her little hole to stop the jet, he waited for one minute and hoped that she would calm down and that he then could have sex with her, with her bladder still very full, but as soon as he gave his finger away she started to piss again.

He did let her pee until she was totally empty, until her belly was thin and curved inside between her hipbones, then they went in the bed and fucked like crazy.

Next day she told him that she never before needed to piss so bad and so painful, she told him that her bladder was hurting her all day long from that extreme torture, but she said that it was her most horniness experience in her life.

The bailiff was addicted to the skinny tomboy girls body and to her animalistic sex, but there was the super holding talent Amanda, her extreme holds were turning him on as well very much.

In two weeks he had planned a weekend trip to another city. He wanted to offer Amanda to come with him, but she would not be allowed to go to the toilet all weekend, she would have to hold her pee from Friday until Sunday.

Will she accept that offer?

*079*2023-06-09 22:01

The bailiff had to go to a farmer convention to the capital city.

The convention started on Saturday early in the morning and would last until evening.

He had to go over 3 hours by car to the city, therefore he decided to leave the farm already on Friday late afternoon. He wanted to stay until Sunday after breakfast.

It would be a good opportunity to take Amanda with him to test her bladder, to test her ability to hold her wee and to torture her girl bladder.

Some days before he told her that he would like to take her with him.

Amanda was absolutely happy about that offer, she never before had been at the capital city and she never before had been in a large city hotel for a dinner and for to stay overnight.

But she did not yet know that she had to pay a painful price for that attractive and tempting offer.

He did try to make it as attractive as possible for the young girl and told her that it will be a great experience for both of them and that he would take her to a store for to buy her a pretty dress, if she will be a good girl, but there is only one rule for her, she would not be allowed to go to the toilet, not even once at the whole journey.

He told her that she will be allowed to wee on Friday late afternoon before the leave and then no more until they will be back on Sunday.

Amanda was shocked to hear that. She wanted so bad to spend a weekend with that attractive man in a expensive hotel in the capital city, but she could not imagine that she would be able to bear up nearly two days without a single wee.

She could not imagine that she can endure that, but she had to endure it, she had to force herself to endure it with all her willpower and her bodily power, because she wanted this weekend so much and therefore she agreed.

Her bladder had to pay the price!!!

*080*2023-06-12 04:53

At that special day they did leave the farm at about 6 pm.

The guy told her to piss her bladder empty until to the very last drop, because she will not be allowed to pee until they come back 2 days later.

This imagination turned the guy very much on. To think how big her bladder must get, how much that thing in her belly must stretch to hold the urine from 2 days back, this thought made him very horny.

Amanda on the other hand was worried very much to think about that, she was afraid about how much it maybe will hurt her not to wee for so unnatural long, but she was excited and aroused as well to think about to spend 2 days with that guy and to suffer for him and to make him horny.

She was sitting now in the car with a thin, short summer dress and pushed it up fare over her knees, to show him her slim, naked legs nearly up to her panties.

Touring the ride he caressed her smooth thighs and from time to time he slipped with one hand in her panties and pushed one finger deep in her young, wet pussy.

It was already late as they arrived at the hotel and too late for a real dinner.

They had just a fast snack and went to their room.

The guy stripped the girl and fucked her very hard.

Then they took a shower together and went back in the bed for to sleep.

Usually would a girl take a wee after some hours, especially before sleeping, but not Amanda, she did not even ask for to go, because she did know she was not allowed.

The girl was just over 18 and the guy was so much older than her, but both felt very attacked to each other.

The guy did like it to feel the young, slim, naked body against his nude body and the girl did like to lie in the arms of a strong man.

They waked up next morning, the man caressed the girls smooth body and pressed his body hard against hers.

He laid his hand on her lower abdomen and pushed in her belly, deep and hard until Amanda started to moan.

“Does my little girl need to wee?“ he asked and smiled.

“Yes, i would need to wee.“ answered the girl who have not weed since already 14 hours.

The guy massaged the girls full bladder with pleasure and thought to himself „how full will her poor, horny girl bladder tomorrow morning be?“

*081*2023-06-12 21:55

After a short shower and a long piss for the guy they went for a breakfast.

Amanda watched him pee and said „I would need that too.“

“I know, but you are a girl, you have to hold it, because you girls are getting soooo sexy when you need to wee.

It was not so easy for Amanda to leave the bathroom with her bladder full from the evening and from the night.

They did not have much time, because the bailiff had a meeting at 9 am.

Amanda had free time until 2 pm. She could do whatever she wanted to do.

She could stay in the hotel, she could walke around in the city, she was allowed to eat and to drink in the hotel, but she was not allowed to go to the toilet and she was not allowed to wee.

The guy had prepared special panties for Amanda, panties with a rope instead of a waist band and a padlock to lock it, to make it impossible for her to pull her panties down for to wee.

Amanda did not know about that panties and the guy decided not to use it, he wanted to confide Amanda and to her honesty.

Before he did leave he said „stay a good girl and keep your panties dry! We see us at 2 pm in our room.“

Amanda was already back in the hotel room at 1 pm. She was lying on the bed, her bladder was full and her urge to wee was very strong.

She could not imagine that she could be able to bear up one more day without to wee, she was afraid that she would wet her panties before she will be back at the farm tomorrow and therefore she thought that she should pee just a little before the bailiff would come. Just for safety!? It would have been such a relief for her, but she did not dare.

She was afraid that he would notice it if he would feel her bladder and she did not want to be disingenuous, she did not wanted to disappoint him.

A little past 2 pm came the guy back in their room.

”Have you been a good girl? Show me your panties!” He said.

The girl lifted off her dress and showed him her still dry panties.

”You have really been a good and a brave girl!

Are you needing to wee?” He asked full from lust.

”Yes, i need to wee.” The girl answered.

”Bad?” Wanted the guy know.

”Yes sir, really bad.” Replied Amanda.

”That is really good so!! I love that! You girls can never need to go bad enough for me.” Said the man and pushed with his first in the girls lower abdomen, directly on her full bladder.

The poor girl crossed her legs, was bending over and moaned loud from her strong need to wee.

”Let us go now!!” He said and did take the girl to an exhibition, to a kind fair for farmers with her bladder full from 20 hours.

*082*2023-06-14 21:26

„ May i wee just a little bit before we leave?Just one tea cup, it would help me so much.“ said Amanda.

“ No girl, you have to hold it!“ answered the guy determining.

That is so evil and so unfair, it would have been so easy for Amanda, to easing that pressure in her bladder and to easing her strong urge to wee, it would not even last 2 minutes, or just a few seconds and she would feel so much better, but she is not permitted to use the toilet just one meter next to her and she is not allowed to pee.

The one and only reason why the girl was not allowed to wee since yesterday, is that the guy loves it to know that the girl is needing to wee so very bad and he loves it to know that her bladder is full and stretched with hot girl wee.

That is one more reason why girls get punished to be girls, because the boys love it to see the girls suffer from needing to wee so bad and therefore boys make girls hold and wait if they get a opportunity.

The first reason was that girls can squat so easily anywhere for a wee, not even if it would need it very urgently.

Like I wrote at the beginning of my story, the young girls had to work on the field from morning until late evening, with no opportunity to wee. They had to hold their urine back all day long and had to work with their full bladder until they were back at the farm.

The men and the boys could piss as often they wanted, but the girls not, they was getting punished for to be girls.

Now Amanda was getting punished to be a girl for another reason.

Some men and boys gets aroused very much from girls who need to wee, aroused from girls who are desperate for a toilet.

The guy’s get turned on so much if girls cross their legs, rubbing their knees and when they caressing their full and swollen bladder from needing to wee so bad.

Girls are so much turning on, they get so very, very sexy if they need to wee and the bailiff did love that.

Amanda had a good weekend, she had nothing to do at all, her only duty was, she did have to pee, her only function was to hold wee and her very full bladder for the pleasure of the guy.

It will get very hard for the girl to spend the afternoon in a crowd of men with her bladder so full and it will get hard for her to hide her need from all that men, but exactly that was a especially turn on for the bailiff.

How full can the girls bladder become, how big can it get???

*084*2023-06-15 21:05

{{9 hours ago, hanpi said:

Wie ein Fußball...

}}

Ja, groß und hart wie ein Fußball!!!

{{2 minutes ago, huberp76 said:

Ja, groß und hart wie ein Fußball!!!

}}

Yes, big and hard as a soccer ball!! Maybe bigger!

*085*2023-06-17 11:43

Nearly all guys love to spend time with young girls, they like to feel the closeness, they like to be them near , to smell them, to see, to feel and to touch them , they simply love the sexiness of a young girl.

Some guy’s loves above all something of a girl that you can’t see, somewhat that is in the girls belly, to wit her bladder and they love it to make the girls bladder very, very full, to overfill it and to prevent the girl from a much needed wee and to make them suffer a very strong urge.

More man than admit it, get aroused very much from girls who needs to wee.

The sexiest legs gets more sexy if the girl cross them from needing to pee for them.

If a girl say that she would urgently need to wee, is it for this guy’s like you push a button, they get horny at the moment, they get hard at the same second and they want to make the girls wait and hold for as long as possible.

The bailiff is one of the man and therefore has Amanda to suffer a strong urge to wee.

They walked around at the, for the man very interesting exhibition, they stopped sometimes for some questions and they talked with others.

Amandas urge and need was getting worse more and more, she was needing to wee very urgently by now, but peeing was not a option for her, she had to have to pee and she had to hold it, for the guy’s joy and for his pleasure.

Again they stopped for a talk with colleagues from the bailiff.

“Your girl is really very cute, but you should bring her very soon to the loo, before she is doing it in her panties.“ said one of the other guy’s.

“Why do you think that she is needing to go?“ asked the guy.

“Because it is visible for someone like me, i have a eye for that. I can tell you that she is needing to piss pretty bad, but did she not already ask you for permission?“ asked the guy.

“You have really a good eye, you are right she is really needing to wee very bad.“ answered the man.

“And why doesn’t she go to the loo?“ wanted the other know.

“ Because i don’t let her. I did take her with me just for to make her hold.I absolutely love it to make young girls desperate and don’t let them go.“ replied the guy.

“And how long is she needing to go and how long does she already holding it?“ he asked.

“She is needing to go since she went to sleep yesterday, but i did not let her and she have not weed since we left the farm.“ answered the guy.

„Oh my god, what a girl !!!! She must have the bladder from a cow!!!? I love desperate girl too very much. You are a really a lucky dog to have a girl like her.“ he said full of lust and admiration.

Some minutes later they walked further. When ever they stopped somewhere, Amanda was standing with her legs tight crossed, the guy did see that and loved to imagine how bad she is needing to wee and how overfilled her poor bladder must have been after all that time.

Sometimes the girl moaned silently and said „sorry, but it hurts me so much, i could not even imagine how much the urge to wee can hurt, i could not even think how painful it can get not to pee for so long.“

The guy had reserved a table just for 2 for the dinner, he wanted to spend the evening with the girl alone, he wanted to relish every single minute with the bursting full girl, he wanted to enjoy to talk with her about her need and her so very, very full bladder, he wanted to see her fight to keep her panties dry.

On the way to the restaurant they met the guy’s from afternoon. The desperation fan asked „did she let you watch how much she was holding, she must have pissed much over a liter after holding it since yesterday?“

“What is wrong with your good eyes for pee desperate girls?“ She is still holding it, i still did not let her go.“ said the bailiff.

“Oh my god, you kill the poor girl, you’ll burst her bladder, if you don’t let her go for so extreme long!!

How much longer do you think you make her hold?” Asked the other guy.

”Until we are at home tomorrow, i told her that she would not be allowed to wee even once touring the journey, i told her that she have to hold her urine until we are back at the farm.”Answered the man.

” That is absolutely impossible, no girl in the whole world can bear up not to piss for 2 days.” Said the guy.

“ She will stand it, she have to endure it, because i don’t let her go to the loo, i don’t let her wee no matter how bad it will get for her, her bladder have to stretch and to expand to the size of a pumpkin.”

“ This young girls, this young sluts are able to turn us guy’s so much on, they are able to make us horny that it nearly hurts and therefore they should get punished, but that kind of punishment, don’t let them do their bodily needs, don’t let them wee until they gets nearly crazy from needing to piss so bad, is a little problematic, because it makes us even more horny.

How fare can we punish the girls, how fare will our sadism go to torture them and their bladders?” asked the guy.

*086*2023-06-19 20:21

“ I don’t know if girls really should get punished for making us guy’s horny, i like it to get turned from pretty girl and from their sexy bodies, but i agree with you, i love it if they are needing to wee, i love it not let them go, make them hold as long as possible and i love it to torture a girls full bladder, because i am a bladder torture sadist like you.

I absolutely envied you for your cute, young girl with her super bladder, i would die for this night with her, with her bladder full from yesterday.

Just to think that she has not peed since 25 hours, drive me crazy! Said the guy.

They went together to the hotel restaurant, but to different tables.

The bailiff wanted Amanda just for him, he had reserved a table in a quiet corner.

He ordered some food for both of them and asked Amanda what she would like to drink.

”Sorry sir, i can not even hear that word “drink “ , never mind what to drink, but please as less as possible, i have no more room in my bladder, you can not even imagine how full my bladder already is.” Answered Amanda.

The guy could as well imagine how full that girl was and he did love that imagination that her bladder must have been big and hard as a pumpkin, after holding her urine for so extreme long.

Amanda had her thighs very tight and her knees hard pressed together.

Again and again she pushed one hand between her thighs and exposed her thighs bare and nude fare up over her knees, nearly up to her panties.

The man was very aroused about it, but he acted angry and said “ Hey, you naughty gal, you can’t show to the guy’s your naked thighs in the dining room , stop that. What do you think where you are, this is a first class restaurant and not a hamlet hostelry.”

”But, but…” stammered the girl.

“No but’s! I know that you are needing to wee, maybe very bad, but you are a big girl, you can hold it, you have to hold it!

At our society are big girls and women not allowed to show their bodies needs, they have to suppress their urge and to control their bladder until they get a chance, or get a permission to pee, even it is very urgently and even it will last very long period of time for a much needed relief.

It is all matter of training, a mental effort and constitution .

This weekend will be a real good training for you and now behave and be a good girl, eat and drink, that you don’t dehydrate .” Said the guy.

”I am absolutely not dehydrated, i have never at my whole life been so full then now!”Said the girl.

She crossed her legs under the table and as soon as they were ready with their dinner, she said “ it is so hard to hold it in, can we please go to our room? It would be easier for me.

I will not go to the toilet, but please bring me to our room.”

*087*2023-06-20 17:14

The guy agreed, he wanted to spend some time alone with that girl who was needing to wee so extreme urgently.

On the way to their room, they passed the table with the guy’s from afternoon.

Amanda walked with visible rubbing knees.

”I wish you a good night!” Said the sadist and smiled.

All of the guys did know that the wishes means not a good night, but a good full bladder sex.

As soon as they were in their room, it was the first time that they were alone after hours, the girl pressed one hand between her thighs and squatted down.

”Did you wet your panties now?” Asked the man.

”Not yet, but it is nearly not to bear.” Answered Amanda.

She did stay in the squatting position for more than two minutes until she did calm down a little, then she was standing up and crossed her legs very tight.

”You act like a school girl, have you forgotten what i told you about big girls?” Asked the guy provocative.

”That is not fair, big girls have to wee as well, they can’t hold it forever.

Have you forgotten that i have not weed since yesterday evening?” Asked Amanda.

”I did not forget it, but you have to be strong, because you will be not allowed to pee until we are at home tomorrow.

Squeeze your dirty cunt tight and hold it, like girls should do that!” Said the guy.

He ordered her to strip down to her panties.

She was standing now in front of him with her naked legs tight crossed. Her little panties were still dry, but her bladder was bulging out over the waist band of the panties.

The man was shocked about how swollen the girls lower abdomen was and how much the contours of her bladder was pregnant.

Amanda caressed with one hand overfilled bladder.

”Do you believe now that i am needing to wee really, really bad?

Can you imagine now that it hurts me holding it back for so long?” Asked the girl.

”Sure i can and i am curious how big your bladder will get until tomorrow and how strong and urgently your need will get on the way home to the farm.” Answered the bailiff.

*089*2023-06-23 07:00

The bladder of the girl was so full and already so big that it was visible bulging out from her usually flat abdomen.

The guy was intrigued and fascinated about how big that girl bladder was and about how much the girl could force and was forcing to stretch her bladder to such abnormal size, he could not get enough from that sight and from the imagination how bad and urgently that girl must have needed to wee.

He made her lie in the double bed and started to caress her young, beautiful body.

He could not resist to put his hand on her belly and he could not resist to press very softly on her hard and swollen bladder.

Amanda moaned about that extra torture…..

He was rubbing at her panties between her thighs and pressed the fabric in the girls slit.

Although the girl was needing to wee so bad and so painful, she was getting horny from that and pushed her cunt against his finger and was moving and shivering her little ass from horniness.

“I see you horny, dirty gal want to get fucked.“ said the guy and stripped her little panties.

„Oh yes sir, i would love it, but i will wet the bed, if you fuck me full like i am. Let me piss before.“ said Amanda.

“ To let you piss is absolutely the last what i would let you do. Your bladder has to stay full.“ answered the guy and pressed softly on her swollen urine balloon.

He started to fuck the girl who had not weed since 28 hours. First slowly and gentle and then more and more hard and strongly.

The girls bladder was getting tortured from inside and from outside.

He pressed his abdomen against her swollen belly and pushed with his big, hard penis from inside on her so much overfilled pee balloon.

He could feel how she squeezed her slit very tight around his penis whenever he pushed hard on her poor girl bladder.

Amanda was in ecstasy from lust, horniness and from needing to wee so unbelievable strong and bad.

The guy was amazed about how much the young girl was able to endure and that she could resist all the extra pressure on her bladder.

She did not wet the bed, she did not even leak one drop, her sphincter must have been like a valve.

After they were literally ready said the guy „you have been a really, really good girl!“

“Thank you, but may i please piss now?“ asked Amanda.

„No, you may not, you can piss tomorrow at home and until you have to hold it back!!“ answered the man.

Amanda did not even beg one’s more, she did know that he would not let her and so she had to try now to sleep with her bladder full to burst and with a painful urge to wee.

*090*2023-06-23 21:06

{{On 6/22/2023 at 1:54 PM, Hon3y said:

I just really love your stories man!!! That ever lasting desire to procrastinate a submissive's peeing right. And this way of not giving every character a name! It feels minimalistic and helps me to concentrate on the scenario only, not much disturbance of nouns!

}}

Thank you for your compliment. I am glad that you like my stories.

I think the imagination that the poor girl is not allowed to do her urgently bodily needs, that she has to hold it back at the will of the bailiff and that she has absolutely no right to relieve oneself, is turning on!?

She has to ask for to wee and if she gets denied she has to hold it arbitrarily the guy like it, no matter how bad it will get for her, girls have to obey!

*091*2023-06-24 13:31

Amanda turned to her left side, bended her knees a little bit up to her chin to give her bladder more room and to prevent that her stretched belly skin made a extra pressure from outside on her so much overfilled bladder.

The guy lay at the same way behind the girl and pressed his body against the young, slim body of the girl.

His again already semi hard penis was between the firm buttocks of the girl, his arm was around her hips and his hand was holding the girls bladder bulge, like he would hold a ball in his hand.

It was big as a ball, it was hard as a ball and it was feeling like a ball, a ball full of hot girl wee, it was Amanda’s peeball !

Next morning as they waked up early in the morning was Amanda at the limit of her endurance, she was very close to her physical limit.

She was slowly getting out of the bed, pressed both hands between her thighs, crossed her legs and and squatted down.

”May i piss please, sir?” She was begging.

”No you may not!!” Answered the man resolute.

“Just a few seconds, please, please! My bladder will burst if you don’t let me.” She was begging again.

”No we have a agreement that you don’t pee until we are back at the farm.

No matter how badly you need to, you HAVE to hold on.” He said.

”But i have to pee so badly and it hurts so much, that i just can’t take it!” Said the poor girl.

”You can take it! Hold it in as best you can! Just not even 5 hours, that can not be a big problem for a healthy, young girl like you.” Said the guy, but he did know very well that he could not take her, desperate and frantic like she already was, to the breakfast room.

Therefore he ordered the breakfast to the hotel room.

After breakfast the guy leaded Amanda to their car, he had to be careful that nobody could see them, because she was no more able to walk upright and she was no more able to hide that she was near to piss her panties.

As soon as they were in the car, slipped the girl one hand inside her panties and pressed one finger hard on her peehole.

Then she crossed her beautiful legs over her hand.

The guy loved to watch her fight against her ultra strong urge to wee.

The poor girl was shivering, she was bending forward and she was moaning and groaning from needing to wee so very, very bad and urgently.

2 hours later, after a great holding show and after the hardest bladder torture she was begging again „master, can you please, please stop for me for to pee, i can’t stand it anymore, i can’t bear up any longer. Let me finally pee before my bladder will explode!“

“Just one more hour, then we are at home, then you can go.“ answered the man.

“Do you know that i have not weed since the day before yesterday, do you know that i hold my bladder longer than 40 hours? Can’t you not imagine that i am needing to go very, very urgently and that it hurts me so much not to pee vor so unnatural long?“ said Amanda.

“I know that you suffer very hard and i can imagine that it is painful for you and for your bladder to hold it for so long, but i don’t stop, my goal was to make you hold all the journey long and therefore you have to wait until at home.“ replied the guy.

The man lifted her dress and could see that the girls bladder was menacing overfilled.

It was big and hard and bulging out up over her navel.

“ You do it really, really good, i think that not even one of the ladies and the other big girls would be able to endure that!“ he said and caressed her bladder bulge.

At home he ordered that she should go to his room and that she should wait for him, but no weeing before.

On the way he met the „skinny“.How are you?“ he asked her.

“Thank you, i feel good except that i need to piss.“

“Why that?“ he asked.

“I had no time for my morning pee.“ she answered and smiled.

*092*2023-06-25 09:32

The guy looked at the skinny, at her super slender, sexy legs, at her slim thighs, at her bony knees and he was aware that he was attracted so much at the tomboy‘s skinny, boyish body.He was nearly addicted to her.

She was his absolutely favorite!

“You are so busy that you don’t even have time for to wee?“ asked the guy aroused and did love that imagination.

“Sure i would have time for a quick piss, but i did not do it, i am holding it since yesterday evening, because i thought maybe you would like to have have joy and fun with me and my tight cunt and my full bladder when you come back from your journey!!?“ answered the skinny and smiled dirty and challenging like a little slut.

She really did know to turn him on like no other girl and like no other girl before.

He did not know what to do, he wanted to fuck her so bad at the moment, but Amanda was waiting, with a bladder full to explode and frantic to wee, in his rooms.

He could not miss and he did not want to miss that experience.

The 2 „bursting bladder horny“and „girl desperation horny“ boys watched Amanda walking from the car to the bailiff‘s room.

That was no more a really walking, she was bending over, with one hand between her thighs, she was rubbing her knees at every single step and did stop more and more to cross her legs very tight and did try to walke with crossed legs.

“What is happen with Amanda, what is wrong with her?“ asked one of the boys.

“He did not let her piss, for 2 days, she is holding her wee since Friday and must be full to explode, her bladder must be big as a pumpkin and expanded and stretched to burst, that is happen and wrong with her.“ answered the other.

“Oh my god !!! How can she stand that? I think that he will fuck her now, but how can she endure to get fucked with her bladder full from 2 days? „ said the boy.

“ I don’t know, but should we listen at the door??“

*093*2023-07-10 21:14

A little bit away from my primary story, but as well a situation were girls get punished for to be a girl.

There are some similar stories and experiences here on omorashi and i wrote something about it, but i think that imagination it is again and again exciting.

4 girls and 4 boys make a day trip with a minibus.

After a while the driver stopped somewhere on the country road to let the boys out for a piss.

The girls have also a bladder in their bellies and they were full as well, but they did stay in the bus. They could not get out and squat with their panties down on their knees and piss in front of the boys, they had to hold their wee back.

They are girls and they get punished for to be girls.

They did not even get asked if they would need to go, it’s usually that girls have to wait until they get a natural opportunity, sometimes hours later and sometimes not at all.

I think it must be exciting and arousing to think about how full and how big the girls bladder already must be and how strong their urge must be.

Hours later the boys pissed again beside the bus, the girls went not even once. They did not wee since at home early in the morning and it was late afternoon now.

After seeing the boys piss, begged one of the girls for a stop at the next parking lot. The other girls admitted that they would need to go too very urgently.

But the driver said “i think a stop will be not necessary, it will last only one or maximum two hours until at home.”

The boys force the girls to do something what they are not able to do.

They pissed already twice, but they forced the girls to hold it all day long, they did not let them wee and the girls have to bear up.

I know that is bad, unfair, inhuman and something more, but for someone who likes girls desperate and frantic to wee, who likes it if girls cross their legs, rubbing their knees, bending over and massaging their swollen belly and their bulging bladders, can that be very arousing and turning on!!!??

