Girl needed to pee, her boyfriend did not let her go

Author: huberp76

*000*2019-02-18 19:11

Sometimes ago, i had a experience in a shopping center.

I walked in a shopping mall behind a young couple, the girl did wear a extra short skirt, her legs was nude and amazing. I had enough time ,so i walked behind only to see her sexy legs. Sick! Or?

The way she walked made me sure, that she needed to pee. She rubbed her knees at each step and when they stopped to look at the shops, she did stand with her wonderful legs tight crossed.

I was sure that her urge was pretty strong and that she was needing to go really bad. I did love that and i wanted to spent more time to watch this arousing show.

The boy had his girl on her hand and on the way to the exit to the parking lot, she did break free and went, stiff but with fast steps, to the loo near the exit. She wanted open the door, but it was closed. There was a sign "only for staff". You could see the disappointment, mixed with panic, in her face.

She wanted to go back to the mall, easy to know what she wanted to do, but the boy tuck her hand, with a strong grip and leaded her to the exit. I could not understand what the girl said, but i could hear the boy, he said " we don't have enough time, hold it"! The girl begged " please let me go, i can't endure that for so long".

The boy had no pity with her, he nearly pulled her to his car. I could see how she crossed her "super" legs, till he opened the door of the car, than they went away.

I think that she had to pee really bad! I don't know why he did not let her go, i don't know how long he made her hold it and i don't know, if she was able to hold her panty dry until they arrived, but i did know very well, that i wished that i could sit on the back seat of their car and that i wished to get at a traffic jam for hours, with her bladder that full.

I am bad, i know it!

*002*2020-10-03 15:41

{{On 2/19/2019 at 2:26 AM, peeople said:

I just see some teachers do not let desperation girls go to toilet in class

}}

Can you please write more about it?!

