Thai & Thai

Author: huberp76

*000*2022-01-29 11:18

A young man made holidays in Thailand. He wanted to see this wonderful land with all his places and with all his culture.

After he came in the hotel room, the hotel boy asked him if he could do something for his pleasure.

The man thanked for asking and said that he would have all what he needs.

„Maybe a girl for guiding, for sightseeing, or for the night, or better a boy.“ offered the boy and told him that he could organize all what he wants, even though it would be very special.

The young man said again that he would not need anything at the moment, but started visible to think about something.

The boy, he was young, very cute and absolutely business minded, noticed the man was getting insecure and asked if there would be something special what he could do for him.

“It’s a little bit embarrassing, but i like it if girls don’t go to the toilet for a extreme long period of time, i like it if a girl is holding her wee back very long, i absolutely love it if she is needing to go very bad, but don’t go.” he said and asked the boy if he would know a girl who would hold her wee for him all day or longer.

The boy smiled in his cutest way and told him that he would be the best man for to organize that for him.

He said that his sister would do that for him, she is in fact a little bit young, just a few months over 18, but she is pretty, very docile and willing.

The man wanted to know why he was knowing that his sister is able to hold her wee for a long time and that she has a strong bladder.

The boy told him that she had some weeks ago a customer who made her hold her pee.

He did rent her for one day, from morning to morning. She spendet all day with him and did not even leave him for to go to the toilet.

It is usually, it is a rule at a service job, that we have to stay uninterrupted beside the customer.

In the evening at the restaurant was her bladder quit full from holding it all day, she did not wee since she left her home early morning and so she asked if she would be allowed to go to the toilet.

He denied her to go and told her that she would be old enough to hold it.

After dinner, they went to the hotel. Before they slept, she asked again if she would be allowed to do a much needed wee and again he did not let her go.

He said that she is a big girl and she should be able to hold her urine for one day long.Then he started to torture her, he pressed and pushed hard in her abdomen and on her full bladder.

“She was needing to wee so bad, but she could hold it until morning, it was more than 24 hours without a pee for her. That is why i know, that she is good in holding.” said the boy.

“He was disagreeable and you are a good looking, likable nice guy, i am sure that she will like to hold her wee for you for so long until she absolutely can’t anymore and any longer.”said the boy and he told him that he is also good in holding and if he wants, they would both hold it for him. If he would take them both, he would make a special good price for him.

The man wanted to know if the boy really understood what he exactly wanted and so he asked him how he think they will do it.

The boy said “i have one week holiday so i would have all the time for you. I come tomorrow morning with my sister, we have not yet peed to day. You can watch how we do our morning pee here in your bathroom. It will be a lot of piss, like always at morning.

Then we make sightseeing, we show you our city, we spend the day together and we don’t go to the toilet all the time.

At the evening we go for a dinner, to that time we will both need to pee very bad. You go to the toilet, but we don’t go, we are not allowed to go, we have to hold it.

Late at evening we go to the hotel, our bladders will be very full from holding it all day long, but we go to bed with you without to do a much needed wee, we hold it like a good boy and a good girl should do that!

We are all three naked. We do cuddle, we rubbing our naked bodies against each other.

Our bodies are yours, you can do with them what ever you like.

I think in the morning we will need to pee really bad, our bladders will be overfilled and stretched, but you still don’t let us go, you make us hold as long as you want, as long as we someway can, but i promise you that we will do our best!

If you are satisfied with us and if you would like to have more from us, i would make you a good price for all the week.” said the boy.

The man was bi, he loved boy and girls, he did take this offer with pleasure and joy, he was in heaven and could not even dream about that, that this could sometimes happen.

The boy was so sweet and so cute, more than it should be allowed to be for a boy and now he was totally curious for his sister.

He nearly couldn’t wait until tomorrow!!!

*001*2022-02-01 14:42

Part 2

Next morning came the boy, how agreed with his sister. The girl was pretty and cute like her brother.

She did wear a short summer dress and the boy short shorts.The boy had a schedule for the whole day and ask the guy if he would like it, if it would be okay for him.

The first point was that the young did take their morning pee, in front of the guy.They went to the bathroom, the boy pushed his little shorts down to his knees and started to piss with full pressure. He was standing with his petite ass totally naked and peed for a really long time, his bladder must have been pretty full.

After the boy was ready, lifted the slim girl her dress, pushed her little white panties down and started to wee, similar powerful and similar long as her brother. It was hissing very loud and that “show” was very arousing for the guy.

As the girl had finished her pissing, the boy smiled and said “that was not less, but tomorrow it will be much more. It was now the first pee for us today and the last at the same time.”

This three did like each other from the first moment and they spendet a nice time together.

They made sightseeing, they had lunch and went to a good restaurant for dinner and no one had used the toilet all day.

After they ordered, the guy excused himself and went to the toilet. The girl said something in their language to her brother.

As the man came back he asked the boy what his sister told him and he answered “ she said that she would need to go to really urgently and she wanted to know if i would need to go to. Sure i would need to, it is absolutely common after holding it since morning, but we are strong, we can hold it.”

The young man had now a bad conscience, on one hand he did like it that they had their bladder full and that they were needing to wee, but did not go and on the other hand he did like this two and did not wanted to torture them and so he said to the boy “ if you really need to go, then go to the toilet with your sister.”

”Oh no, absolutely no, we don’t go. No pee for us today, we hold it until tomorrow, we are strong, we can do that!” answered the boy and the guy was glad about it and to hear that.

They had a good dinner and after the dinner, they had a cocktail in a open air bar in the city, then they went back to the hotel.

As soon as they were in their room, the guy started to strip them slowly, piece for piece. First the boy, he did wear just shorts without undies and a T-shirt, than the girl, she did wear only 2 pieces, a short summer dress and little, white panties.

Before he pulled her panties down, he looked at her wonderful slim, petite body. He looked at her flat abdomen and could see her bladder bulging a little bit over her tiny panties. He pulled slowly her panties down until her little pussy was totally naked.

They did take a shower, all three together, the young were not allowed to pee only one drop, they had to hold it with all their power, because the running water made their need stronger and worth.

The guy took a soap and washed every inch of the young, smooth bodies.

They looked nearly similar, they were both slim, petite and very smooth. The only opposites between them were, the girl had a slit between her wonderful thighs and she had little, firm breasts and he had a lovely little penis and a muscular flat chest.

They had both light pregnant hipbones and their bellies were very flat, but their bladders were already so full, so full that you could see it bulging out from their small abdomen, you could see the contours of their overfilled and swollen bladders.

They did not pee since 15 hours and they would have to go really bad, they could no more hide their strong urge anymore, especially when the guy washed their swollen bellies and pressed hard on their poor bladders.

The girl had always to cross her legs, she moaned, was bending over, but kept her little peehole dense.

It was pleasure for the guy to press on the stretched and hard bladders, but it was torture for the young.

The girl did know that men who likes girls desperate to wee, like to do that, because the man some weeks ago did that too, he pressed so hard in her belly that she thought she would get crazy from needing to wee so bad.

But now this man was nice and gentle, he did press and push not so hard, but he did like to torture her bladder to.

The man could not stop to wash the young bodies, especially the boys little, firm ass, he did like to push him one finger deep inside his boyass, his little penis and total especially he did like to wash the girls slit, her little cunt, witch was needing to wee for so long and so bad.

Then he wiped their bodies dry with a large towel, he did not forget to rubbing their bellies and to press on their swollen bladders this way,

It seemed like the boy did like it to get tortured, maybe it was a little bit the money to, but it was nearly obvious that he did like to see his sister holding her urine and to see her suffer from a strong urge.

Then they went to bed, the guy was like in heaven with that young, slim bodies beside him and to feel so much smooth, warm skin on his own body.

It was so great, one of his hands on the boys penis and the other hand in the girls slit.

The girl whispered something to the boy in their language and the man asked what she told him.

The boy said that she told him that she is needing to wee so bad, that she is afraid she will do it in the bed in the night. Then he said that she never would do that and that she will hold it until morning no matter what and if it is necessary longer.

It was so exciting for the guy to feel 4 warm and soft hands everywhere on his body, he was so horny, but he did not want to cum, he wanted to wait until tomorrow morning.

After cuddling and caress each other, he switched out the lights. The girl lay on her side, the young man behind her, with his dick pressed against her ass and one hand on her swollen belly, the boy did lie behind the guy, his hard penis pressed against the guys ass and he had one thigh entwine around the guys body.

They were a real good sandwich of sexy bodies.

At the morning when the guy waked up, the boy was already awake. The boy kissed him soft and wet on his cheek and said “good morning, did you slept well?”

”Oh yea, i slept very well and you, how are you?” the guy asked.

”Thank you for asking, i feel good to, except that i am needing to piss really, really bad. I could not even imagine that it will be possible need to go so urgently.” answered the boy, did take the man’s hand, putted it on his abdomen and said “feel how full i am down there, but i think you love that!”

”Oh yes, i am sorry, but i really, really love it, it makes me crazy to see and to feel your bladder and to imagine how bad you would need to pee.” replied the guy.

”Look at my sister.” She was still sleeping. She did lie on her back and her bladder was visible bulging out from her small lower abdomen. “Look at her belly, i think she will be frantic from needing to wee, when she wake up.” said the boy and asked “do rent us for all the week, if we hold it longer for you? We can endure more, next time you can make us drink during the day, or we can hold our morning pee all day long, for you. Would you like that? We would love to do it for you??”

To that time the girl waked up, pressed both hands between her thighs and said something in her own language.

The guy did not even ask what she said, he could think and imagine what.The boy smiled to the man, as they watched the girl wriggle from needing to wee so unbearable urgently.

She did not wee since more than 24 hours and she was needing to go since yesterday early afternoon, she went to sleep with her bladder full from all the day!! How much more can her poor bladder stand??

Some minutes later, the girl calmed down, she had accustomed at the strong pressure in her bladder and to her inhumane, unbearable urge to piss.

She did still lie with her beautiful legs tight crossed, smiled and said “good morning sires.”

The boy whispers to the guy “I told you that she would be needing to piss like crazy as soon as she wake up, but i think we don’t let her go, we make her hold it longer.”

The boy did show, or just pretend solitarily with the guy, he wanted to make her sister hold it longer, he wanted to torture her and his bladder longer, for to get rent all the week.

”What do you think, can she endure to get fucked, full like she is?”asked the young and horny man.

”Why do you ask? Girls at service don’t have to get asked if they can endure something, they simply has to endure it, no matter what.

Fuck her and if you like it, you can fuck me to, i would love it! My bladder is also full to explode!”

*002*2022-02-13 22:41

Part 3

The boy did know to advertise and to promote him and his sister, for some days more.

He was rubbing his slim, smooth body against the guys body. He was tender in a way like normally only girls can be. He caressed the guys body with his hands and licked his skin with his wet tongue.

He kissed his cheeks and whispered in the young man ears “you can’t imagine how urgently i would need to pee! Never before in my life i did hold my urine for so long, i could not even imagine that i would be able to do that. My bladder got big and hard as a melon.” At the same time he put the guys hand on his tight abdomen.

” You can readily torture us, if you like it! Press and push on our full bladder, we can endure that. Do what ever you like to do with our bodies.“ offered the boy.

”You really think that your sister can endure to get fucked with her bladder that full?” asked the guy again.

”I told you that she has to. Don’t ask, just do it!, fuck her.” answered the boy.

”What did the man do with her, some weeks ago? Did he fuck her in the morning, after he did not let her pee for so long? Could she endure it at that time? wanted the guy know.

”No she could not! He fucked her absolutely brutal and he pressed so hard and so deep in her belly, that she pissed during he fucked her.” replied the boy.

On one hand he was sad about that, that the pretty, petite girl was getting tortured so bad, on the other hand he was turned on to hear that she pissed herself.

He caressed the girls smooth, slim body, he spread slowly her crossed legs and her wonderful thighs and started to fuck her. First soft and tender and then more and more heavy and hard.

During fucking he pressed soft on her big, overfilled urine ball . He could feel how she squeezed his penis with her tight, young cunt, every time he pressed on her poor bladder.

The boy caressed the guy tender and kissed him on his mouth, with his soft, wet tongue.

The guy was bisexual, he was getting attracted from boys and from girls, but he never kissed a boy before. To have sex with a girl and a boy to the same time, was absolutely awesome for him, he was in heaven with this young couple and could not get enough from them.

After they were “ready “ they went together to the shower and pissed all that wee what the girl and the boy retained for 25 hours in their young bladder on each other. They could feel the hot, dark yellow urine on their skin.

Unbelievable how long and how much the boy and the girl could pissed and unbelievable that they could hold so much wee in n their super slim bodies.

How bad and how painful must they have needed to pee, they must have been full to explode!

They did take a shower, washed each other and got dressed afterwards. The guy said that they could pee now for the rest of the day, so many times as they would like it.

”Does that mean you don’t take us for the rest of the week, does it mean that we don’t spend more time together?” asked the boy worried.

”No that means, that your so much tortured and strained bladders gets a rest period until the end of the day, but tomorrow you two will not be allowed to pee in the morning.You have to hold it all day long! Will you do that for me.” asked the man.

“Sure we will, we love to do that for you.” answered the boy visible eased.

“We will pee before dinner, then we go back in our room, we can have sex, you can do what ever you want with us. We don’t pee anymore before sleeping.

Next morning our bladder will be pretty full, but we are not allowed to pee. We spent a nice day together. No pee for us. After dinner we go to the hotel room, to that time we will have not peed since more then 24 hours. Sure that our stupid bladder will hurt from holding it back for so long, but we try to hold it longer, so long as any possible. It will be like a competition between my sister and me. It will get not easy for me. Girls are better trained than boys, our girls don’t have many opportunities to wee, often have to hold it all day, but I’ll do my best to win.

Is it that what you want, what you would like?“ asked the boy.

“Yes, absolutely, i would love that very much!“ answered the guy already turned on again.

If i win, could be my award that you fuck me?” wanted the boy know.

