I made a girl hold it all day long - Page 5

Author: huberp76

*080*2020-09-04 15:15

Part 15

Renate reached her limit. If we had to wait at the traffic lights, she crossed her legs tightly, she made her hands to fists or she did spread her fingers extreme.

She squeezed her thighs with her hands, she did all what a girl can do to hold it and she needed all her power to keep her panties dry.

As we went trough a little park, she suddenly pressed both hands into her crotch and squatted down.

She did show me her smooth, slim, naked thighs up to her panties.

This did wake up the“ bladder torture sadist“, „the pee holding sadist“ in me, this made me to decide to make her hold longer.

I wanted more of it! It was my last day with her.

Renate is a girl and girl’s must always be able to hold it.

„No wee for her until we are at home „ i thought to myself.

She walked beside me and every step she did, she was rubbing her knees together.

“Can’t you walk so that not everybody can see that you are close to piss your panties „ i grumbled .

“No i can’t! I have not been to the loo since yesterday, i need to wee since early morning. I can’t anymore, i can’t hold it any longer. I need to pee!!!! Can’t you understand that ?“ she said angry.

“Sur can i understand, that you would need to go, but there is no toilet all around, so the only way for you is to hold it until we get home.

“I can’t wait for so long, i can’t anymore.

Bring me somewhere where i can wee, anywhere where i can let it out before my bladder will burst.“ she was begging.

“You are a big girl, you can hold it. your bladder can stretch a little bit more.“ i answered .

“My bladder is up to my navel and my panty is already wet!“ she replied.

She putted her hand on her swollen belly to show me her bulging bladder.

It was unbelievable how much wee this girl was able to hold in her super slim body and how long she could hold it in.

To see how she did caress her poor bladder with her hand, to see how tight she pressed her nude thighs together, how she crossed her slim legs and to think, that her panties were already wet, made me total horny.

“Only 3 more hours, you are big girl, you can endure that!“ I said.

(continue)

*081*2020-09-17 21:12

Part 16

To know that Renate did not wee since yesterday evening, that she was holding it in since 19 hours, to imagine how strong her urge must have been and how big and overfilled her bladder must have been, to imagine that the “pee wet” fabric of her panties, underneath her short skirt, was rubbing on her as well wet slit, was so total arousing for me.

She told me, two or three times, that she can’t anymore and now she was still holding it some hours later, her urge to wee must have got stronger and painfuller from minute to minute, how much longer could she endure that, i asked myself.

To see how she was rubbing her knees, how she pressed her nude thighs together and how she crossed her legs, when we had to wait at a traffic light, made me so horny that i had i only had the desire to bring her home to fuck her, but this was not possible.

I wanted more, i did know that she was needing to wee so really, really bad, i could see it on the moves of her body and now i wanted to hear it, i wanted to talk with her about her bursting bladder and her need to wee.

I did not know something better than to ask her why she always cross her legs.

She looked at me and said “ you don’t really ask me that!”

” Okay, that was a stupid question. Sure i know why you are doing it, but what would happen if you spread your legs, would you wet your panties?” i wanted to know.

”Is it that what you want? Would you like to see me piss my panties, do you like to see me piss myself? Is that the reason why you don’t let me go to the loo?” she asked.

”It would be hot for me to see you pee your panties, but i love it more to see you hold it until we were at home.” i answered.

”Totally impossible, i absolutely can’t anymore, it’s coming out.” she said.

At the same moment i could see how a few drops from her wee were running down on the smooth skin of her thighs.

She knotted her legs and squeezed her peephole tight.

It was obvious for me that she would not be able to hold it until home, but I did not want to bring her to a toilet to let her wee.

Renates bladder had to stay full!

(continue)

*082*2020-09-18 23:04

Part 17

”I think that my bladder is already bigger than a soccer ball.” said Renate and stroked with her hand over her lower abdomen, to feel how it was bulging out and how hard it was.

”All my belly hurts from needing to wee so bad “ she added.

Renate was at her limit, again there were some drops of wee running down on her slim, nude thighs.

I did not want that she would piss herself in front of all the peoples, but i wanted that her bladder would stay pretty full until we were at home.

I made her a offer, to bring her somewhere, where she could wee for 10 or 15 seconds, just as much that she would be able to hold it until home.

I told her that there would be a old telephone kiosk. The top of the kiosk would be from glass and the lower part from wood, so she could squatting and nobody would see her.

I would act like i would make a call and she could wee for a few seconds.

I know that this would be a quiet place with nearly no peoples.

She agreed at the moment, she only wanted to relive her bladder from the pressure and from the pain.

It was so arousing for me to imagine that she would be so close beside me, to see how she pulls her panties down to her knees, to watch her pissing with high pressure, to hear how it is hissing after 20 hours holding, then to make her stop the jet after 10 seconds.

I did know how difficult that for Renate would get stop to piss if her bladder would be still bursting full and it would be hot for me to smell, how her wee smells after 20 hours holding.

She went beside me with her knees rubbing together for about 10 minutes and as we were there, where the telephone kiosk has been, there was nothing than a large debris place.

I have not been here for a longer time and so i did not know that.

She was disappointed and frantic to wee.

”I am squatting here, i can’t anymore, I must piss!!” she said.

”No!! hold it!!

You are a big girl, you can hold it for some minutes longer if you just want it. I bring you to a coffee shop.” I answered.

”No i can’t, it’s coming out, i am doing it.” she said. She was standing in front of me and started to pee her panties.

The wee was running down on her smooth, naked thighs, her white knee socks turned dark yellow.

After a few seconds is was splashing out of her like a waterfall.

She was squatting down without to stop to pee .

She was spreading her slim, nude thighs and pissed extreme long through the fabric of her little panties.

To see her naked knees, her naked thighs, to see her panties, to see her piss her panties, to see this large lake of hot wee and to imagine that she was holding all that in her bladder, made me nearly cum.

(continue)

*083*2020-09-28 19:59

Part 18

Renate was still squatting some seconds after she was ready with peeing.

Nothing was coming out anymore, her bladder was totally empty. All that wee what she was holding for so long, was on the ground around her.

Unbelievable for me how this slim girl could hold so much urine inside her, her bladder must have been stretched to the size of a soccer ball.

She did stand up in front of me, she lifted her short skirt with both hands, so that i could see her pissed panties and then she pulled her panties down on her legs.

With one hand she was holding her skirt up and in the other hand she was holding her panties, she used the dry parts of the fabric to wipe her pussy and her legs dry and then she did throw the panty away.

She did let me watch all that, but we did not talk about it.

She rolled her pee wet knee socks down and then we started to walk.

Renates legs were nude from her feet up to her ass.

It was such a arousing “show “ for me, to see her pee in her panties and it was so hot to see how she did apart her slit, to wipe her pussy lips dry.

This pictures, I’ll never forget.

I was so horny from all that and to know that she was total naked under her short skirt, made me even more horny.

Renates bladder was now empty and she did not need to wee anymore, that was really bad for me.

It was my last day, my last hours with Renate, she will leave tomorrow.

I had to make her to drink, but i did not have much time to fill her bladder again, so we went to a kiosk to buy a large coke for her.

I don’t know why, but she always did drink a coke whenever i did offer her one.

I did buy some snacks too, we stopped at a park bench to eat it.

To see her naked legs made me think on her naked pussy under her short skirt.

I pushed her skirt up on her slim thighs to see more from it.

I laid my hand on her knee and did slide up on her thigh.

“Is it cold town there, without a panty? Is the wind blowing up until there?“ i asked her and pressed one finger in her slit.

“Stop it!“she said „ I don’t know why, but i need to wee again, i am full to burst again.“

It was just a little bit longer than one hour, since she pissed her self and she was needing to wee again, really bad how she said.

Renate was so sexy for me, i could not stop rubbing her thighs and touch her slit between her thighs, but we had to go home.

We went trough the city to get home and suddenly Renate started to piss, while she was walking.

I was sorry for her, i did not wanted that she pee herself in front of all the peoples.

Nobody did really care about that.

As soo as we were at home, she went to the bathroom to take a shower.

We had a good dinner, but we did not talk about it before we went to sleep.

Next day before she did leave she told me that it was totally unfair what i did to her, not letting her wee in the morning, to make her hold 20 hours long, to make her wee in her panties two times at one day.

I said that she pissed only one time in her panties, the second time she did not wear a panty anymore.

„That is not funny.“ she said.

“I come again at summer holidays, for one week, then we make a competition to see who of us can hold it longer.

You are not allowed to go before i go, i am sure you will piss your self long before me.“she said.

(continue)

*084*2020-11-17 13:16

Part 19

On the day when Renate was coming to spend one week of her summer holidays with us, i remembered at her first Easter visit.

Late at afternoon were sitting on a park bench, as she asked me if there would be a toilet near there.

I told her that there would not be any loo around.

She asked me what she should do, she is needing to wee so bad and pushed her short skirt with both hands between her thighs, so that her thighs were nude up to her panties.

It was so arousing for me that she was needing to wee so bad and that she did show me her her bare thighs

I said that there will be nothing to do for her but to hold it, she is a big girl, she should be able to hold it back.

That is it what she is doing since hours, she is needing to wee since noon and she was not at the loo since she got up in the morning, but now she can’t wait much longer, she has to go now, she said.

I offered her to go home, but until than she had to hold it.

I was bad, i mad a long detour on our way home, i wanted to make her hold it longer.

It was so absolutely arousing for me to think about how swollen and stretched her bladder must have been, after holding it for so long, it was so hot, to see how she was rubbing her knees at every step she made and to see how she crossed her legs, if we had to wait in front of a red traffic light.

It was a long walk for a girl with a bursting full bladder in her belly . After a while she asked me if she could squat between the cars.

I did not let her!

I asked her how much longer she would endure it.

”Not long “ she answered and she told me that her panties are already a little bit wet.

She could hold it until home. The first thing, she went to the bathroom and i did listen outside.

She pissed with high pressure for extreme long.

”You really needed to go!” I said

“Yes, that was high performance to hold it back for so long!” she answered.

That and some more, i remembered and i could not wait until Renate was arriving to day.

I was pleased to see her and i hoped to have some arousing and erotic experiences with her.

Our first day together, we spendet in the city.

It was warm, but not to hot. She did wear a T-shirt, a short skirt and knee socks.

Her knees and her thighs were bare, like usual.

I did love her slim, nude thighs under her short skirt!

Late in the afternoon, we did pass at a public toilet.

Wie looked at each other and she asked “do you need to go?”

”Yes,”I answered and asked her if she would have to go too.

”Yes, i would, but i can hold it!” she replied.

No one of us did use the opportunity to pee.

We did not go all day long, not even when we did come back home.

We had dinner and then we watched a video, with our bladders full from the day.

My lower abdomen was hard from my full bladder and my urge to pee was pretty strong.

I could see that her need must have been at least so bad as mine.

She was sitting with her legs crossed, was bending over, looked at me and rolled her eyes.

I did not really know why she was doing it, but it was hot!

You remember, at the Easter holidays, i did not let her take her morning pee, i did not give her a chance to wee all day and late afternoon, she weed her panties.

On the day she was leaving, she told me that she would be able to hold it longer than me and that she would like to make a holding competition with me, to see who can hold it longer.

She said that i would piss my self long before her.

Now i did not know, was this a competition without to talk about it, or did she only wanted to show me that she could go all day long without to wee.

Before We went to sleep, we did both talk a much needed pee.

Like usual i listened in front of the door how long a how hard she pissed.

Great bladder, this pretty, slim girl, i thought to myself and tried to hide my boner.

Next day we did sleep until 9 am.

We did take both a morning pee, had breakfast and went to a shopping mall.

Like yesterday, no one of us had a pee, despite there would have been any opportunities.

The same “game “ as the day before.

No pee after arriving at home and video with a full bladder.

Before we went to sleep, i wanted to the loo.

Suddenly said Renate “it you go, i’ll go too!”

I was totally surprised and asked “does that mean, you don’t go if i don’t go? Does it mean that you would go to sleep, full like this, full from all the day?”

”Yes, that would it mean!” she answered cool.

”Okay, a deal is a deal, i hold it back until tomorrow, i hope you don’t wet your bed tonight, because i know that you are good in panty wetting!” I said and teased her a little bit.

”We will see who’s bed will stay dry” she answered and we both went to sleep with a bladder full from nearly 14 hours.

I was needing to pee really bad, but i like this feeling and i like to hold it and i loved it, to know, that Renate had a full and stretched bladder in her flat belly.

It was hard for me to find a sleep, i needed to pee and i was horny.

Next morning, i waked up, with a painful urge to pee and with a hurting bladder in my abdomen.

I did like that feeling and i did like this kind of pain.

My first thought was, Renate’s bladder and how bad would she need to wee.

For me “never “ bad enough and so i did get up, closed the bathroom and did take the key in my pocket.

After that it was already 9 am, that means, we did not piss since exactly 24 hours.

Renate realized her state at the moment and said without to think “oh my god, i am bursting!!”

The first, she wanted to do, was go to the bathroom and i did let her.

I did come with her and i could see how she was in panic, as she realized that the door was locked.

She did wear just a short nightdress and a little panty, so that i could see how swollen her bare belly was.

Her beautiful legs were crossed and her upper body was bend over , as she did hold with both hands the door handles.

I did also wear just my underpants.

I had two bulges, one over my slip from my overfilled bladder and one in my slip from my hard cock.

”Open the door, let me wee!!! I nearly doing it in my panties! Let me in!!” she pleaded.

”Oh no, absolutely no, you are a girl, you have to hold more than a boy, a girl must be able to endure more!!” i said and smiled.

”That is not funny, let me wee, look at my belly, my bladder is swollen and full to burst, let me wee!! I am holding it for so long, i can’t anymore.”she said.

”My bladder is bulging too, i am a boy and i can hold it even it hurts and you are a girl, girls always have to be able to hold it, so hold it and let’s take a breakfast.

She was still standing in front of the door, meanwhile she ha the fabric of her panties, deep in her slit pressed.

You can’t imagine how sexy this nearly naked girl, frantic to wee was.

I told her that she wanted a pee holding competition and that she wanted to go to sleep with a full bladder and that she should show me now what a girl is able to endure .

No wee for Renate, she is a healthy, young girl, she should hold it back, her bladder should stretch, i thought to myself.

I was needing to piss like crazy, but i was holding it with all my power, i had to endure the pain of my overstretched bladder, i would not give Renate the chance to piss painful urge away.

She had realized that i would not let her go and so we went to the kitchen to make breakfast.

She could not stand straight and all she did, she did with one hand, because she was needing the other had between her thighs.

After breakfast, we had coffee and orange juice too, we brought the utensils back in the kitchen,

Renates great legs was tight crossed and despite she did use all her power to hold her pee inside her, was a little yellow patch in her white panties, between her thighs.

”Oh, my little girl was naughty, my little girl made wee wee in her panties.” I teased her.

”I did not wee since 26 hours, i can’t anymore, it’s coming out.” she said bleeding.

Renate was over her limit, she was standing with crossed legs and a few drops, dark yellow, hot pee, was running down on the nude skin of her slim legs.

I couldn’t make her hold it longer, because she simply could not hold it anymore, so i did offer her to pee in front of me in a measuring jug.

She did agree at the moment, if she only could pee.

She would have done it everywhere, i think.

She stripped her already wet panties, i did hold the jug between her thighs and she pissed full force, with high pressure.

I still can remember how that was hissing, she pissed 1100 ml.

To see that among of wee and to think that she was holding all that in her bladder and that her bladder had to have room in her belly, made me total horny.

To see her piss so hard and to hold my bulging bladder was not so easy.

Renate wanted to watch me piss, that was part of the deal.

She did hold the jug for me and it was difficult to piss with a nearly hard cock.

I pissed1200 ml , i was winning, I did hold 100 ml more and 5 minutes longer.

Before i did let her wee, i stripped her nightdress too, so that we have been both total naked.

We did stay naked and went in my sleeping room.

We were both sooo horny, we did caress each other, we kissed and we started to fuck.

Renate was the first girl i fucked and it was so great.

The next days, we did not much sightseeing, we spendet much time at home, and we fucked every day, sometimes twice.

The greatest was as we did it with our bladders full from the night.

Sometimes we peed before dinner and no more before sleeping, so that our bladders was really full in the morning.

We did torture on other, pressed and pushed our swollen bladders and fucked like crazy.

I love it to remember at Renate and on the time with her.

*085*2021-01-09 14:59

Part 20 ( Finale Part )

Lately i remember many times on those days with Renate.

Especially on the first days with her, are so excited for me.

It was so new for me to spend the whole day with a girl and to can decide about our daily routine.

Since i can remember, was all about a girls peeing, very exciting and arousing for me.

Arousing was the way a girl pee, how she is sitting on the loo, how she is squatting, with her panties down on her knees, if she is peeing outside and it was arousing to think, where and how her urine was coming out between her thighs.

And since i can remember, it was arousing for me if a girl was needing to wee really bad, but could not go, to see her doing all the things what girls are doing to hold it in.

Now i had a girl where i could try to make her need to wee and try to make her hold it.

I could decide about our time , i could decide when we were going to eat and to drink and i could decide if and when i did give her a opportunity to go to a loo.

I did not wanted to give her a chance to wee, i wanted to wait until she admits that she would need a loo and then i wanted to make her wait.

I wanted to see how she would act and what she would do, if she is needing to go, but can not go.

After lunch, early in the afternoon, i could see it on her moves that she was needing to wee, but she did not say anything.

She was to shy on the first days, to tell me that she would need to pee and she was hoping for a natural opportunity where she could go.

She could not know, that she never would get a opportunity, not even once a day.

At about 4 pm, it was getting more and more difficult for her to hide her growing need.

Her first and her last pee on this day, until then, was at 7 am, so she did holding it since 9 hours.

I was holding it too since 8 am, but i have a large and a strong bladder and i like the feeling needing to go and to have my bladder full.

Renates urge must have been much stronger, she was holding it longer and i made her drink much more than i did drink.

Just a little later, we were sitting on a park bench , she told me with a shy smile, that she would need to wee and asked me if there would be a loo near.

She pushed her short skirt between her thighs, so that they were nude up to her panties.

That was nearly to much for a horny boy, like me.

I told her that there would not be a loo here around and that i would be sure that a big girl like her could hold it for 2 or 3 hours until we are at home.

It was like heaven for me, to know that she was needing to wee since so long, that she was needing to go so bad and that she had to hold it for hours more.

It is still arousing for me to remember, how she was standing in front of a red traffic light, with her short skirt, her white knee socks, her legs crossed, her naked thighs pressed hard together and it was arousing, how she was walking with her knees rubbing together.

She was able to hold it until home at 7pm. I did listen in front of the bathroom door, how hard and how long she was pissing and how loud it was hissing.

As she came out, she said „that was a great performance.“

Sure i did know how she did mean it, but i wanted to hear more and so i asked her „how do you meat that?“

Then she told me that she was needing to wee all afternoon, since before noon and that she think that it is a great performance to be able to hold it for so long.

Many times i made her to hold it all day long. Sometimes i did let her go just a few minutes before we were at home. For two reasons, first reason i could not bring her home desperate like she was, with one hand between her thighs and the second reason, i wanted to see her piss.

Once i did let her go on a parking lot, i remember, she pissed so hard and so long with high pressure, that she pissed a hole in the ground.

Another time i did let her wee between parking cars, i could watch her squatting and pissing with her panties down on her knees, she pissed until she was squatting in a lake of hot urine.

At another day she told me , ate at afternoon, that her wet panties are rubbing between her thighs and that it would already burning really bad.

I wanted to know why her panties were wet and she told me that she she is needing to wee so bad, that it’s coming out and that she can’t hold it in anymore.

Renate could hold it, she was walking more than 2 hours beside me, she was leaking, i could see how sometimes a few drops of wee were running down on her nude skin on the inside of her thighs, i could see that the top of her white knee socks were a little bit wet and yellow from her wee, but she did not piss herself, she could hold her overfilled bladder until home, even her panties, her thighs and her knee socks were a little bit wet.

To know that her wet panties were rubbing on her pussy and that she was leaking was absolutely hot and arousing for me!

One time, it was the day where i did not let her take her morning pee, she was needing to wee so bad at afternoon, that she could not even walk normally.

She walked with her thighs pressed together and with her knees rubbing on each other, at each step.

I told her that she should walk so that not everybody can see that she is nearly doing it in her panties.

She said, that would be not fair what i am doing with her, first i did not let her to the loo in the morning and then i am teasing her for needing to wee so bad.

She asked me if i forgot that she did not wee since yesterday evening and that she must be full to burst after holding it for so long.

I did not forget it, i could not think anything other, i was horny like hell from knowing that.

I like to remember on her last visit at the summer holidays, where she did like to hold it and where she did like it to be made to hold until she was nearly bursting.

Since our last summer holidays, so many years ago, i did not see Renate again. I know that she lives in a city not so far away from me, but i don’t not even know her address.

I don’t know if she is married, i don’t know if she has a child or children .

It would be not a problem for me to get the address and to visit her, i think sometimes about it, but i don’t know if that would be good?

What do you think?

What would you do?

If i close my eyes, I can see a pretty girl, with a short skirt, with white knee socks, i can see how she cross her great legs, i can see her naked knees, her bare thighs.

Her knees and her thighs were always nude, even it was cold outside. I really i did love that!

From time to time i could see goos pimples on her thighs, from the cold air and sometimes from the strong urge to wee.

I can remember totally on her pretty face , on the shape of her wonderful legs, on her little, white panties between her thighs, on her breasts, on her flat belly, on her belly button, on every inch of her great body.

I love to remember me on Renate, i had so many wonderful situations and experiences with her, I think that i should keep her in my mind like this, as „my“ Renate.

*087*2021-01-16 11:06

{{On 1/10/2021 at 6:06 AM, wether said:

It's always a good idea to try to find her. The only risk is that she will not want to meet, or will not want to hold her pee for you, and as a result, for all of us

I'm curious, what was her bladder capacity? Have you measured it?

}}

Yes, i have measured how much she could maximum hold in her bladder.

It was at her last visit at our summer holidays.

She was needing to wee so bad that she could not even stand straight, her legs were knotend and her belly was swollen and then i did let her wee in a measuring jug.

She was holding 1.150 ml hot girl wee.

I think that was really a good performance, how she ever said, for such a slim girl.

To hold so much wee in a small and usual flat belly, was amazing, but she did not hold it in her belly, her bladder was bulging out to a great part.

I would be curious, how much she was holding to that time, where she was leaking as she walked more than two hours beside me.

Her bladder was at the limit and absolutely full, the pressure was to much for her sphincter, all the wee what her kidneys pressed in her bladder, was running in her panties and down on her nude thighs until her knee socks.

Her sphincter did work like a pressure relief valve, when the pressure did get to high, she was starting to leak.

Do you think that she was holding constant for 2 hours more than 1.000ml in her bladder?

*088*2021-01-28 12:05

{{On 1/10/2021 at 6:06 AM, wether said:

It's always a good idea to try to find her. The only risk is that she will not want to meet, or will not want to hold her pee for you, and as a result, for all of us

I'm curious, what was her bladder capacity? Have you measured it?

}}

Do you think 1150 ml is much for a very slim, young girl?

*090*2021-02-06 08:10

{{On 1/29/2021 at 5:21 AM, wether said:

I think it's quite much.

}}

Yes, it was really much for such a young, very slim girl.

Renate was absolutely good in holding.

She was able to overfill her bladder till it was bulging out very much of her small, slim abdomen.

You could see visible the contours of her bladder and you could feel how hard her bladder was she was when she was holding so much wee in her slim body.

I did love to press on her belly when it was swollen from her bursting full bladder.

*092*2022-07-18 21:46

{{On 4/6/2019 at 8:06 PM, stejlhave96 said:

Tell her to pull her panties down to her knees, to show me her slit, between her naked, smooth thighs. And then push my finger in her girl slit, I would block with one finger her pee hole and with the other hand I would push her bulging bladder back in her belly

}}

That would be torture pure, block her little pee slit and press hard on her very, very, very full bladder. I think that she would get nearly crazy from needing to piss so bad, if you would do that with her.

Would you like to torture Renate that way, would you like to torture her poor girl bladder?

*093*2022-07-20 13:00

I know that it is not really fair and i know that it is so bad to let a girl not do her morning pee.

I think every girl is needing to wee in the morning, sometimes even very urgently.

I know that it is bad not let her to the loo all day long and to make her hold her urine until she can’t anymore, not let her wee until she has no other way, than to piss her panties.

Every girl will piss herself if she can’t go long enough. Renate could hold it 20 hours before she did it.

It is bad, but girls are so sexy if they need to wee so really, really bad.

It is so arousing to see a girl who is full to burst moving and fighting with all her power to keep her panties dry, it is so hot to see her holding with all the possibilities that a girl has to hold her wee back inside her.

It was arousing too, to see the wee running down on the bare skin of her thighs and to see how her knee socks were getting wet and turned on the top from white to dark yellow!

For me is a girl who needs to wee really bad but don’t go, or can’t go for a long time, extreme sexy.

A girl who is weeing, is sexy too for me, especially if she do it against her will in her panties!

Renate did both for me!!!

*094*2022-08-05 10:46

{{On 2/8/2021 at 11:41 AM, wether said:

I wish I could also meet a girl like her.

}}

I wish i could meet again a girl like her!

Renate was great.

