No loo for Peter’s girls!

Author: huberp76

*000*2023-08-25 07:06

Since he can remember, was Peter getting turned on so much from girls who were needing to wee, but did not go, had no opportunity to go, or were not allowed to go.

When ever he was out with a girl, he wanted to make her hold and to make her wait.

He did try to give a girl no chance to wee for as long as any possible.

At one afternoon he invited a girl to come with him to a village fair.

This kind of festival’s are always good for to make girls desperate to pee.

Many opportunity’s for to drink, but not many opportunities for to pee, especially not for girls.

They did spend hours in the city, they had a lot of drinks, but they did not have a pee.

The girl was already needing to wee, but she was to shy to admit it. She was waiting for a natural opportunity, but she did not know, that she would never get one.

Peter’s bladder was full as well, but he had a strong bladder and he did like that feeling of a full bladder and he did love to know that the girls bladder was full and that she was needing to wee too.

He would rather burst his own bladder, before he would give a desperate girl the chance to wee.

Later at evening they decided to leave, but before, ordered Peter a large drink for both of them.

After so many drinks and such a long time, they were both needing to pee very bad.

The girl was still hoping for a toilet. She was hoping that Peter was needing to pee as well and that they would go to a coffee shop very soon, where she could finally wee.

But Peter was a evil boy, he did not even think about to let the girl wee, he wanted to make her desperate, he wanted to fill her bladder to oversize and to a big balloon, full of girl wee.

As they passed a little park, Peter said „sorry, but i am needing to piss since hours, i can’t wait any longer, i have to go now.“ and went to the bushes.

He pissed extreme long, the girl could not believe what she heard and what she saw.

He pissed in front of her, her bladder was full to burst as well, she had to watch him pee, but she had to hold it.

Peter was enjoying that she was holding all that wee inside her and that she was needing to go very urgently.

He did enjoy to see her standing with her legs tight crossed and waiting until her was ready and empty.

She was still to shy to admit her need and to admit that she would need to go as well very urgently. She was holding it.

20 minutes later, when some of the drinks arrived her bladder and made her urge already painful and nearly unbearable, she said „i need to wee so bad! Can i go here anywhere?“

“Sure you can, you can squat here between the cars.“ said Peter and did know very well that she would not do that.

„Oh no, i can’t do that.“ she answered.

“Then you have to hold it!

I would have enjoyed to watch you and to see a long, powerful pee.

I like it to see girls squat and pee, it is so much erotic for me, it turns me on very much.“said Peter and smiled.

„I think your bladder must be pretty full after so many drinks and after such a long time without a wee!

What do you think, long will you be able to hold it? One hour or longer? Until at home?“ Peter teased her.

“I don’t know how long, but i know for sure that i am needing to go very, very bad.“ answered the girl and asked if there would not be a public toilet near there, or a coffee shop, where she could go.

Even there would have been any, Peter would not have show it her, he did love to see her holding it, to see how she was crossing her legs, if they were standing somewhere and how she was rubbing her knees when they walked.

“No sorry, no toilet, no coffee shop, just 2 opportunities, squat or hold.

But i think you can hold it, you girls are all very good in pee holding. answered Peter.

The girl was needing to wee horrendous, her bladder was stretched and expanded to a big ball inside of her abdomen, it was firm and hard as a bowling ball and bulging out nearly up to her navel and the last, large drink was still on the way.

They went away from the crowd, because Peter wanted humiliated her in front of so many people.

They decided to go home, but suddenly the girl stopped, pressed both hands between her thighs, crossed her legs, was bending over and said „ sorry but i can’t stand it any longer, it’s coming out of me. I HAVE to pee now!!“

A little bit of wee was running down on her bare thighs and made her knee socks wet and yellow on the top.

For her luck was nobody around, she lifted her short skirt, pulled her already wet panties down under her knees and pissed between the parking cars.

She pissed so hard and so powerful that her little pee hole was nearly about to rip.

She could not stop, it was jetting out of her between her naked thighs until she was squatting in a big lake of hot girl wee.

“That was a great show!! It must have been really very, very urgently and absolutely necessary. I have seen a lot of girls piss, but not only one, like that. Your bladder must have been bigger than a soccer ball!!?“ said Peter full of admiration and full of horniness.

The girl pulled her wet panties up and said „ i have not weed since my morning wee and you made me drink so much, my bladder was hurting so much and overfilled to explode!!!“

One of the experience from Peter with girls desperate to wee!!

