No much needed pee for a girl beside a bus stop!

Author: huberp76

*000*2021-05-19 19:50

For some reason i went by bus to a small town, about 100 km ( 1 1/2 hours to go) from my home.

Later at afternoon, i was on the way to the bus station. The bus station was on the outskirts, there were low bushes at one side and grass behind the little building.

The station looked like a little house, but there were just 3 walls and a roof.

There were no people’s around and nobody was waiting, except a young girl from about 18 years.

She did not see me coming but i could see her and i could see that she was a little bit twitchy, she did not stand still for even 10 seconds.

She crossed her legs, bended over, looked at her watch, went behind the little house and was coming forth after seconds.

I was sure that she was needing to wee and that she was searching for a place to go.

Again she looked at her watch, then she pressed both hands between her thighs and went again on this side of the station house where the low bushes were.

I did absolutely know what she wanted to do there and walked faster, with the hope to see her squatting.

I think that she could hear my footsteps, because as i looked around the corner, she was standing with her skirt still lifted up, but her panties up again.

I could see just a little spot on the ground, i think that she weed just a few seconds and she pulled her panties up before she could stop to wee, because her little panties were wet between her thighs.

She looked at me and i thought that she would be angry because i did look around the corner, but she was not, she smiled shy and said “i am sorry.”

”You don’t have to be sorry, what must to be, that must be,” i said with a soft voice and smiled back.

The bus was coming some minutes later and we did both get in and did take a seat opposite of us.

It was totally exciting for me to sit in opposite from a young girl and to know that her panties are wet between her thighs and that her pussy was wet from wee, because she did not wipe it.

To see that she did just pee a few drops and to imagine that her bladder was still full, was extra exciting for me.

She was not able to hide her need and she did not hide it. She did let me watch her fight against her urge and against her full bladder.

”You need to go again?” I asked, like i would have been worried.

“No, not again, i am still needing to go , i did not wee, because you was coming at the moment as i wanted to start. My bladder is full to burst!!” she answered calm.

”Now it’s me who has to say i am sorry.” I said.

“Oh no, it is absolutely my fault, i should not have drank that much and I should have gone to the toilet before i left the coffee shop, my bladder was already full to that time, now i have to suffer, for to be silly, it’s my fault .” she answered.

I thought to myself, that this journey could last for hours, as she started to massage her swollen bladder.

“It hurts so much, that is so painful, i can hear the angels singing, from needing to wee so bad!”she said.

That girl made me horny like hell, her bladder was visible bulging and she told me every few minutes how bad she would need to go and how painful it is to hold so much wee inside her.

I told her that i was sorry that she had to suffer so much bladder pain, but in reality i loved every second of this situation.

” I am so near to do it, so near to wet my panties.” she said and pressed both hands between her thighs.

I thought that she would not have to wet her panties, because her panties were already wet.

As we arrived at the main bus terminal we were waiting inside the bus until the driver opened the door. She was standing, or better bended over, because she could not stand straight anymore, she had both hands between her thighs and her legs tight crossed.

”My bladder will burst if he don’t open the door at the next moment .” she said and putted her head on my shoulder.

The door opens, she walked slowly, with nearly crossed legs in direction terminal.

“I wish you luck and that the toilet is not to far away for you.” i said and in reality i wished that she would wee in her panties in front of me.

I would have loved to go with her to the toilet and to watch her peeing, or least wise to hear, how long and how hard and powerful she would piss.

*002*2021-05-26 12:38

{{On 5/20/2021 at 6:03 AM, wether said:

So, why didn't you go with her? You might have shown her the wrong direction

}}

I am absolutely sorry that i missed that opportunity, to go with her and to lead her to a wrong way.

Someone was waiting for me at the station and i thought i would not have time to go with her.

If a had a second chance, i had all the time of the world for that. No appointment could be more important than to spend more time with this girl in her tire need to wee.

It would have been so exciting to see her fight against her strong urge, to see her cross her legs and maybe to watch how her panties gets wet and how a little bit of wee would run down on her legs.

To see how she piss herself, would be arousing, but it would be arousing too, to lead her to bushes anywhere out of the way and to watch her squatting, with her already wet panties down on her knees.

I think that she would have done it, because she was needing it so bad, she had no more time to wait, she would have pissed every where, but you don’t have a chance like that every day.

