Pee holding and desperate to pee dialogues!

Author: huberp76

*000*2019-12-16 20:53

What kind of dialogues do you like to read?

For exemple. A girl and a boy on a long car trip.

Girl : "Can you please stop somewhere, i need to wee?"

Boy : " You are a big girl, i think you can hold it until we are there!" Hours later.

Girl : " I'll pee my panties, if you don't let me go."

Boy :" Good girls don't pee their panties, good girls hold it until they are allowed to go to the bathroom."

Another example. A cashier boy at a supermarket can't hide his strong urge to piss.

Lady :" Everything okay with you?"

Boy :" Yes madam, thank you, i am okay. I just need to pee so bad, i did not have a chance to go all day."

Lady : "Omg, you must be full to burst."

Boy : " Yes madam, i am full to burst and it hurts really bad to hold it for so long."

Lady :" How much longer do you have to wait?"

Boy :" More then 2 hours."

Lady :" Can you endure that for so long?"

Boy :" I don't know, but i have to, i am not allowed to go before."

Lady :"Poor boy, you have to work hard for your money."

Another example. A couple make a one day bus trip. At the first stop, the boy get out of the bus to take a piss. The girl stay in the bus.

Boy :"Don't you need to pee?"

Girl :" I would have to go, but i don't like this loo's , i hold it!" The girl don't go at lunch and she stay in the bus at the last pee stop at the evening.

Boy :" You did not wee once all day , don't you need to go? You must be full to burst!"

Girl :" I would really need to go bad by now, but not at this loos, i am holding it! 3 hours and i can use my loo at home."

Now the opposite, the girl wants to go, but the boy want let her. A girl spend a day with a boy. The boy has the opportunity to piss sometimes, the girl not! Late at the afternoon.

Girl :"I am needing to wee since hours, my bladder is up to my navel. I need a loo now!"

Boy :" No loo for you, hold it! You are a girl and girls can always hold it if they have to."

What kind of dialogues do you like? What are your favorite sayings?

*004*2019-12-17 13:36

Thank you for your answers, people and wether.

I think that it becomes easier for a girl to pee anywhere then it was years ago, but it is still much more difficult than for boys.

I love situations where boys can go, but girls have to hold it for hours more.

*010*2020-01-07 23:03

{{On 12/18/2019 at 2:21 AM, Sarah Miller said:

I love the first dialog set and the last one. i love when a man makes a girl hold their pee and tortures then along the way. It’s so hot imagining I am the woman

}}

Great that you would like to be made hold your pee and that you would like to get your bladder tortured.

Are you good in holding?

Was you made to hold it ? How long?

*011*2020-01-10 23:00

{{On 12/17/2019 at 6:25 PM, peeople said:

In traditional education families, girls are asked not to use toilets in public as much as possible.

Girls shoul hold it untill arrive at home

}}

You mean that girls get educated not to use public toilets?

Did you have experiences where girls needed to wee, but had to hold it until arrived at home?

