Mutual Needs

Author: HeatWade

*000*2025-07-25 16:43

Hey there :)

After lurking for a good while, i found myself with enough time to write this scenario ive had bouncing around in my head for a while. As this is my first attempt at writing fiction, id be glad to take feedback and suggestions.

I hope youll like it :3

Story contains: Male and Female desperation, Male and Female peeing, Male Masturbation and Orgasm

###

“You have to be kidding”

“I’m not, I promise you”

Smirks spread among those listening in on the conversation, whether they chose to pry in or not. Everyone sat at the overcrowded table was familiar with this situation, making it all the more humorous.

He tried to focus on his notes, but surrendered, knowing his window of time to prepare was gone for good. A look around the other students who sat close only ensured his decision. Seeing the hallway table filled with other panicked students, all sharing the sentiment of being ill–prepared and fearful of the test result weirdly calmed him. The two having the loudest conversation caught his attention, one of them in panic, the other almost in relief knowing that, unlike his friend, he hadn’t missed a topic to study. It was, he reinsured himself, absolutely pointless to keep studying.

Ironically enough, the noise made by those desperately trying to study last minute was far too loud to properly focus, ensuring the absurdity of the whole endeavor. Now the time to wait has come. A quick look in the direction of the hallway clock made it official: the exam will start in less than 10 minutes. He hated this situation. Too little time to study, too much time to sit and wait. After pretending to read his notes for the third time, taking countless sips from his water bottle and staring at the wall, he decided to pack his stuff and take a quick detour towards the bathroom.

Without wasting much time, he closed the stall door behind him, threw his backpack towards the door and sat down on the toilet. His cock, feeling the cold of the bathroom, didn’t waste much time and immediately unleashed a torrent of piss into the toilet. A small exhale left his nostrils, acknowledging the relief he felt blasting his unconsciously pent-up piss against the toilets inner wall. His stream was still in full force when the relief was joined by the arousing feeling of his dick getting harder. The relief had accidentally turned him on, which he quickly tried to correct by stopping the flow, not without a slight smile on his face. This seemed to have had the opposite effect. The pressure of the remaining piss in him in combination with his horniness only served to turn him on further. His dick twitching in protest only grew further, now almost touching the inside of the toilet.

Ultimately focused on the exam, he quickly stood up from the toilet, drying his still quite erect cock and stowing it away in his underwear. After grabbing his backpack and flushing the toilet, he hurried towards the basin, washing his hands a little colder and longer than usual, ensuring his boner would dissipate by the time he left the bathroom.

The room in which he was scheduled to write his exam was already open, with students slowly making their way inside. Stepping inside confirmed his suspicion that his trip to the bathroom had cost him a spot in the back of the classroom, as the only spots left to sit were right at the very front of the room, right in front of the teacher’s desk. It didn’t bother him much, especially seeing the teacher put in charge of supervising the exam. He had had Miss Irvine for several semesters, in which he got around to appreciate her no nonsense approach to teaching. She was truly a sight to behold. Tall, she stood confidently with an absolutely stoic face that radiated: “I know I’m pretty, but that doesn’t mean I’m gonna be nice to you”. Her piercing eyes met his, after which she nodded as a greeting. Any other teacher, after having spent time with their students for such a long time, would’ve opted to flash a quick smile as he did towards her, not Miss Irvine though.

After he had sat himself down right in front of the teacher’s desk, it didn’t take long for Miss Irvine to start taking attendance and swiftly starting the exam by handing out the test papers throughout the room, and finally walking to the back to close the door. With being unable to begin his exam until the supervisor announcing so, he was forced to maintain his gaze on the empty back of his paper, knowing he would otherwise be tempted to turn back towards his teacher walking throughout the room. Her sight would have been far better than staring at the wall again, but knowing it was highly inappropriate to ogle down a teacher, no matter how beautiful, he kept his eyes fixed on his desk.

The exam was challenging. Extremely even. An hour in, and most had reluctantly handed their papers in, knowing no amount of time was going to save them. An ambitious few remained, although more and more were leaving, having either stopped trying or simply not being able to solve the rest of the exercises. He wasn’t among them. While the majority had relinquished their close to 2 hours of remaining time, he pressed on. The feeling, he could still use that time to make the best of the situation kept him trying.

This was less thanks to his academic skill and more to be attributed to him being constantly distracted by his teacher, which was sat only about a meter apart from him. Every few minutes, his eyes wandered towards Miss Irvine, this time not on his account. The longer the exam lasted, the more her small readjustments caught his attention. Her legs were neverendingly shifting, her posture never the same. If he didn’t know better, he would’ve guessed she was nervous. Nevertheless, he kept on writing, occasionally glancing towards his supervisor, who barely noticed.

All of the sudden, it hit him. One more distraction from the direction from his teacher caused him to become acutely aware that, although he had spent plenty of time in the bathroom before the exam, he now again needed to go. Quite badly. He felt his heart pound, knowing he needed to act. Should he keep at the exam, risking losing focus and not be able to properly solve the questions, or ask to go to the bathroom, which he was unsure he would be allowed to. The option to hand in the exam hastily solved to go relieve himself never entered his mind, being as determined to make his preparation pay off as he was. Opting to maximize his chances for a good grade, he now fully picked up his head and searched for eye contact with Miss Irvine.

After slightly leaning forward to make notice of himself, he managed to get the attention of his unusually distracted teacher. “I’m sorry miss,“ he whispered "do you think you could make an exception and let me go to the bathroom?”. Miss Irvine scrunched her face in her usual manner, and responded “No, I can’t let you run off unsupervised” “Are you sure? I really need to go” “I’m sorry, usually, we would have someone in charge of escorting you to the bathrooms, but they didn’t come in today” Disappointed, he leaned back in his chair, nodding an ok towards her and then proceeding to focus on his exam.

After a short while, his teacher raised her voice “look, I can make an exception. Ill take you to the bathroom instead”. Almost in disbelief, he looked at her, then immediately processed what she had just said. He could actually go. Without wasting any time, he dropped his pencil and stood up. Turning towards the door, his disbelief made way for a realization: he was the only one left still taking the exam. Now it made sense to him. She could leave the room with him, since she had nobody else to supervise. Quickly, while still masking how truly desperate he was, he walked towards the door and in no time made it to the bathroom. 

Before putting his hand on the door hinge of the men’s bathroom, he hesitated and looked towards Miss Irvine, while trying as best he could to resist the urge to cross his legs. She stood close, waiting for him to enter. Almost as if she had read his mind, she clarified “I have to follow you inside, otherwise this whole thing would be pointless”. Slightly embarrassed he nodded and finally made his way into the bathroom. Still acutely aware of his teacher’s presence, he turned towards the urinals. Being so close to his much-needed relief however dropped all his inhibitions. In seconds, he swiftly stepped towards the urinal, opened his pants and pulled his cock out, which was screaming to let go.

And let go he did. Leaning forward, he set loose a jet of piss at full force against the porcelain. The loud sound of his piss rushing out of his strained bladder cut through the silence of the room. He exhaled in pure bliss, pushing his pelvis even further towards the urinal, still hosing down the urinal in front of him. Then it hit him, he hadn’t taken note of Miss Irvine who, to his surprise, was stood directly across from the bathroom, eyes fixated on the small divider breaking the view from the urinal he was still furiously pissing into. “Uh, do you mind?” he asked instinctively. As if snapped out of a trance, she uncrossed her legs and turned around, not without turning slightly red. Without having interrupted his stream, he turned his attention back to emptying himself. This is when his mind finally caught up to the situation unfolding right in front of him.

He was stood there, dick out, pissing like a racehorse, while Miss Irvine of all teachers was intently watching him. In disbelief, he turned his head towards her back, which didn’t help the awkwardness that was slowly building. She stood there, back turned and legs tightly crossed, now ever so slightly moving her hips up and down, unintentionally exposing her ass towards her student, that held his cock in his hand while observing her without shame. His stream died down, equally due to his now empty bladder and due to his raging erection. The sight of his teacher, unknowingly showing herself off to him with his dick exposed was too much for him to handle. Knowing the lack of sound coming from his end of the bathroom was reason enough for her to turn back around, he hastily clamped his cock under his waistband and quickly walked past her towards the sink, making sure to keep his waist away from her, to ensure she wouldn’t catch on to his predicament.

After narrowly hiding his throbbing erection from his teacher on the way back, he sat down in the empty classroom. He took a deep breath and tried to focus on his exam. This was immediately shown to be impossible, thanks to his dick winning the fight against his waistband and popping back up against his pants, now touching the desk from below, constantly reminding him of his predicament. In slight panic, he made a decision. He would act as if he was still solving the exam and wait until his erection dies down, then hand in his exam for good. There was no way he could discretely hand in the exam before that without bringing attention to his apparent arousal.

Looking up at miss Irvine, he finally noticed. She needed to pee. She really really needed to pee. Her head was down, hands in her crotch, rocking back and forth in her chair, obviously still thinking he was too focused on his paper to notice her state. Watching the teacher he had never seen lose composure be in such lack of control flipped a switch in him. Now he realized, the constant small movements, the fixed gaze on the urinal, her bending towards him, it was all because she needed to go too. He was just too distracted to realize.

Just as he hadn’t noticed her desperation before, he almost didn’t notice once more how she turned her head back up, to find her student now staring unabashedly at her. Sighing in a small defeat of dignity, she annoyedly asked “Can you hurry up, I need to go as well”.

Hearing her say that finally made the absurdity of the predicament she was in apparent to him. He was in control. Miss Irvine, one of the most dignified teachers he has ever met, in all her pride and beauty, was at his mercy, the sole student left in the room. He could hand in the exam and free her from her misery. Or, he could wait. He was practically done, but why end it here? He had nowhere to be, no urgency. He could only profit from the sight of his smoking hot teacher writhing in desperation right in front of him, while his erection grew and grew, being perfectly covered by his desk.

“Of course.” he quickly responded. Putting his pen back to the paper he tried his best to find anything more to write. After a ,for his taste, way too short while he had completely run out of things to answer. He didn’t want it to end there, however. The sight of his teacher desperately waiting for him was too great to end now, so he pretended to think and solve even more. This is when he was interrupted by her annoyed voice. “Oh, come on, I know you’re not solving anything. Hand in your exam.” Like a lighting the weight of those words hit him. She knew. She knew he kept the exam to torment her. His mind was racing while meeting her clearly annoyed eyes that stared him down like an animal hunting its prey. He couldn’t muster up a response.

“Come on” she repeated sternly. In that moment, it was clear to him. There was no need to be intimidated. She could be as Imposing as she wanted, she would never take the exam away from her students, especially when there was still time left. He was now the confident one in the room.

“What if I decide I’m not done yet?” he asked with his newfound confidence. Her face reflected her immediate irritation. “What?” she asked with clear indignation in her tone. “I can tell you are done, hand it in” She demanded now with added force behind her voice. “No” he swiftly responded. She stood up in reaction, but as soon as she tried to position herself upright, she bent forward her face distorting in desperation. At this point, all subtlety from both sides were thrown to the wayside. He wasn’t hiding his clearly turned on gaze, and neither was she hiding her urgent need to piss. Finally, it hit her as well.

“Oh, you like this” she said almost amused. The only response she needed was the unconscious smile that crept onto his face. “Stand up” she demanded. “I’m exposed, why should you be allowed to hide away sitting at your desk.” With all reason to keep hidden gone, he had to concede that she was right. He stood up, revealing the pulsing erection fighting against the fabric of his pants. Miss Irvine’s smile only grew larger, along with her scoffing in amusement. “So, what now” she asked, genuinely curious. “Let’s wait and see” he responded, barely hiding his smug tone. Her eyes shifted to the door, then back to him. “I can’t leave to the bathroom either, can I?” His smile only grew larger “No, I could be cheating if you don’t check.” His smug smile was met with a sharp exhale, followed by an immediate shift of her standing position. Miss Irvine was clearly desperate.

She hopped from one foot to the other, hands in her crotch, constantly searching for a way to stand, a way to position her hands between her legs to relieve the growing pressure on her bladder. She could barely take notice of her student, who leaned against his desk, hands clamped underneath him. His urge to satisfy his raging erection would’ve overtaken him otherwise. His eyes were now more than ever fixated on his teacher, in her long dress, only kept moderate by a jacket. Her curves were perfectly exposed, even those she didn’t mean to show. Her bladder protruded outwards, evidently screaming for release.

And so did miss Irving herself “Fuckkk” she muttered like an exhale, along with a slight spurt that made her crouch over ever more. “Shit, Shit, Shit”. Like a chain reaction, another spurt escaped her clamped pussy, making her swear and panic all the more. “Oh my fucking god, fuckkk” Another spurt, then another. She was no longer standing in place. She was pacing the room, panic clearly rising in her. Her dress was not noticeably stained in her crotch area. Another spurt, this time bigger than all of the others. Her dress was ruined now, with no way to hide her little accidents.

PSHHHHSHSHHHH

A loud hiss cut through the room. More than a spurt, an entire leak soiled her dress. A high-pressure stream passed straight through her underwear against her dress. She managed barely stop. “I cant” she hastily uttered before hoisting her dress up in a swift motion, dropping her now heavy underwear on the floor. The now from her waist down entirely exposed teacher ran towards the trashcan in the corner of the room. Stopping in a wide stance in front of the trash bin, another huge gush of piss escaped her exposed pussy, absolutely soaking the entire area with her pee. This time, she couldn’t stop; after trying to slow the stream, she relinquished and turned her ass towards the bin. Without looking or caring, she now finally, completely let go.

OAAAAAHHHH

An ecstatic moan escaped her as a torrent of piss shot out of her pussy. The stream hit the floor just in front of the bin like a waterfall and immediately caused a huge puddle on the floor around it. In a state of pure bliss, miss Irvine at first didn’t realize the magnitude of the mess she was causing; quickly however, she tried to correct her stance. While still blasting piss like a firehose, she swerved her ass towards the opening of the bin, stretching her arm out towards the wall. In doing so, she tilted her pelvis too far forward, sending her piss flying forward in an impressive arc, splattering an even bigger area with her piss.

Finally, she found her position and directed her stream into the trash. There she crouched, emptying her bladder in full force, the pee now collecting in the bin, almost making it sound like a toilet due to all the piss pooled inside. Miss Irvine sighed, as her stream slowly slowed. Her mind was somewhat clear again. She looked up towards her spectator, still sat on the desk while observing his teacher. His erection was pulsing, having caused a wet spot of precum at the tip, obviously screaming to be released.

After having finished emptying herself, miss Irvine stood up straight and took note of her students’ predicament. Feeling her eyes on him, he dared to ask “So, if you stopped holding it in, it would only be fair for me to do the same, right?” She scoffed at the question, observing him closely. After just a few seconds, she stepped close towards him, dress still hoisted up. Stopping close to him, she stared him down directly and only ever so slightly nodded.

That was all he needed. Without losing a single second, his pants were on the floor, his rock-hard Cock springing into the air flinging a string of precum forwards. Like a man possessed, he gripped his dick and furiously jerked off. His eyes swapping between his teachers still exposed private part and the mess she had caused in the corner of the room. Miss Irvine, in all her Pride and beauty, stood by and observed her student, a slight smile creeping onto her face. The sound of his hand stroking his erect cock was disturbed by a groan, followed by an even louder groan that was superseded by his final and loudest moan.

With an unparalleled force, his cock finally blew the load he had so desperately needed to release. His cum flew in huge strings, splatting towards the floor, being followed by one after another. He was in heaven. His face contorted in pleasure, he almost screamed in pleasure as his load finally left him. Without relenting, he kept stroking, his body twitching and shaking, before composing himself again. Out of breath, he stood up, cock still dripping and hard.

They both looked at each other, both exposed and finally satisfied. After a short while, he asked “you clean up your mess, I clean up mine?” “Absolutely not, you’re helping” she responded with the determination he would do as she said.

