Obstruction: An "Ace Attorney" Fanfiction

Author: HoneyBeam521

*000*2020-04-13 22:41

A/N: Hello, omo-minded people!

I'm starting to write a NaruMitsu story about paruresis. Thrilling stuff, I know. It's probably mostly for me, what with the potential for examining psychology AND the omo aspect. Yep. Posted on AO3 as well, as per usual.

Please let me know what you think, and, particularly, if you'd be interested in where this is going! Here, have a warning that's almost entirely equal-but-opposite to the warning I give on AO3:

WARNING: The first chapter contains pretty much no omorashi. Just the suggestion of it.

Chapter 1: The Problem

Phoenix didn’t mind the movement, at first.

He enjoyed it, actually. It was soothing. A kind of soft, repetitive rocking that accompanied his surroundings perfectly. He lay on some kind of pier jutting out into an expansive ocean, surrounded by the warmth and light of a blazingly red sunset, gazing out into the sparkling water. His head was slowly swaying along to the tune of some spritely, far-off song, and he was wonderfully content.

But the motion didn’t remain gentle. As Phoenix bathed happily in the glow and the music, what was once rocking transfigured incrementally into something altogether more insistent: A shuddering, first, then an all-out shaking that jarred his head and his entire upper body. An earthquake?

“An earthquake?!” Phoenix gasped, and sat up abruptly. The shaking didn’t stop even as he lifted himself up on his arms, and looked into the face of the man sitting beside him: Miles Edgeworth, looking pale and drawn even in the crimson light of a looping DVD menu, arms crossed and finger tapping and gaze fixed somewhere against the opposite wall. “Miles... are you okay? Do you need me to—?”

“Phoenix.”

“What?!” He touched a hand instinctively to Miles’ shoulder. “Are you okay?”

“There’s no earthquake.”

“Wha—?” The shaking had stopped as soon as he’d spoken, and Phoenix looked around at last: He’d been leaning on Miles’ right leg—dozing there, actually—and found himself still propped up on it with a hand pressed into his thigh. “Oh. Heh. Yeah.” His ears prickled a bit as he pushed himself away and back into his own cushion on the sofa, and the night’s events began to filter back to him: Dinner together. A glass or two of Lambrusco. The decision to take in a movie before parting for the evening, and the slight blurring at the edge of his vision as a huge silhouette stomped towards a screaming cityscape….

“Sorry about that,” Phoenix said, grazing sheepish fingers against the nape of his neck. “I guess Moozilla III didn’t really grab me the way I thought it would. I mean, I’m sure John Marsh is still great and all, but... what did you think?”

“Yes.”

Now, Phoenix was used to a certain level of terseness. One had to be, when dealing with L.A.’s finest Chief Prosecutor. It was always a toss-up with him: No matter what the subject—unless it related directly to the law or the Steel Samurai franchise—Phoenix could never be sure if he should prepare himself for an hour-long speech or a single word. But he could generally rely on having his questions answered with some amount of relevance, no matter how curt the response.

“‘Yes’... what?” Phoenix prompted. The DVD’s menu music played through another half-loop or so before he was granted another non sequitur of a reply.

“Well, it’s evident that you’re awake.” Miles still hadn’t managed to turn to look at Phoenix, though his leg had taken up its bouncing again.

“Oh? What tipped you off?” Phoenix resisted probing further or adding a biting remark to the question. It was too late, and he was too groggy. So groggy, in fact, that the warm presence by his side and the low music from the DVD threatened to lull him back to a comfortable sleep curled into the sofa. Only a particular baritone voice could possibly have roused him from his slow slide into slumber. And it did.

“It’s about time you left, don’t you think?”

Phoenix instantly regretted the noble decision to keep from scoring off his boyfriend, a man who clearly deserved to be scored off of. A hundred times or more. Peeling open his tired eyes, Phoenix fixed Miles with a wide, doe-ish gaze that the man still couldn’t be bothered to meet.

“But Miiilees,” he whined. Phoenix normally preferred to reserve whining for truly dire situations—or at least after he’d presented some salient point in his defense— but this situation was rapidly approaching direness. Sleep tugged at his eyelids more insistently by the moment. He tugged insistently at Miles’ burgundy shirtsleeve. “It’s so late....”

“It’s just after midnight,” Miles supplied brusquely. Phoenix groaned.

“Right! Like I said....” His arms—of their own accord, naturally; he would never have consciously resorted to this kind of coercion—reached out and wrapped themselves around the slightly shaky shoulders beside him. “So late. Don’t you think I could stay over? Just for tonight? You don’t want to have to drive me back at this hour, do you?”

At last, some evidence of life flickered behind Miles’ glasses. He didn’t look at Phoenix, precisely, but he turned his eyes in his direction, and he didn’t offer up a throwaway response. After a few moments of apparent debate on his part and surreptitious snuggling on Phoenix’s, he spoke again.

“I’m afraid it’s not possible,” he said, with a note of finality that made Phoenix sigh and loosen his limpet-like grasp. “There’s much I have to be doing tomorrow. I must be reviewing some things prior to the morning trials... and I don’t want the trouble of working out your morning schedule as well as my own.”

“I could just leave when you do.”

Miles raised an incredulous eyebrow. “At six A.M.? Perhaps earlier?”

“Ugh. Never mind. But... well....” Phoenix wracked his weary brain for another solution. “Couldn’t I just leave later? Or don’t you think I could manage leaving your precious stuff alone and locking the door behind me?”

“It’s... not that... but....”

Just like that, Miles’ head turned obstinately back towards the television. The arms were still crossed, the leg was still restless, and the finger was still rapping silently on the bicep. All of this combined with a notable silence proved one thing: This was a Miles Edgeworth in an advanced state of distress. But why?

“Hey, come on, Miles. It’s really no big deal. I’ll just sleep on the couch. I was kind of headed that way before your leg woke me up, anyway,” Phoenix laughed. “I promise I won’t invade your personal space anymore. Guess I’ve done that enough tonight, haven’t I?”

“Mmm.”

Phoenix sat up a little straighter and leaned over to look into Miles’ face. He refused to meet his eyes again. With another sigh, Phoenix stood, turned on the lights, turned off the DVD player and the TV, and turned back around to face his boyfriend. No change at all.

“Okay,” he began, with about as much frustration as he could shove into two syllables, “what is it? What’s wrong? Did I do something? I already said I’m sorry for falling asleep on you.” Miles hastened to reply.

“N-no! No... you didn’t do anything,” he countered, yet, unbelievably, he still didn’t look into Phoenix’s face.

“If you’re really not mad at me, why do I have to go? It’s late, we’re both tired, and I already told you I’d take the couch.”

This time, complete silence was his answer; he didn’t even have the maddening menu music to accompany him anymore. Not to be daunted, Phoenix let out an exasperated noise and took to his knees to force himself into Miles’ line of sight. The man blinked as if astounded, gazing brightly behind pristine polycarbonate lenses.

Then he turned away again.

“Miles!” What an absolute ass he could be! Phoenix would have liked to have moved a bit closer, maybe pulled his boyfriend’s fantastic face back towards him, but he couldn’t. Touching him seemed to have been what got Phoenix into this mess in the first place, after all. “Come on... I know something’s bothering you. If it’s not me, what is it?”

“It’s really nothing,” Miles insisted, off into the space that Phoenix had left on the couch. Moving to cross one of his impossibly long legs over the other, he nearly clipped Phoenix on the nose. “I’m not... ‘bothered’... I just want you to go. That’s all.”

Although he hadn’t brought any magatamas with him—he’d found that they were really better kept out of his personal life—Phoenix could swear that he heard the lock and chain wrap themselves around Miles’ words.

“‘That’s all’? C’mon, I thought we’d left that kind of thing behind us a long time ago,” Phoenix groused. He softened his tone as he went on, however. “Haven’t we talked about this? ‘Communication’ and all? No more hiding behind vagueness and dismissals?” He shifted his hips so he could sit on the floor; the position left him closer to his boyfriend’s knee than his face. “Something is bothering you. You can, and you should, tell me about it. Aren’t we—what’s the word you like so much?—‘partners?’”

Miles had put his hand over his mouth; the gesture inadvertently revealed just how red his face had become during Phoenix’s little lecture. At last, after far too many low clicks of the mantel clock, he turned his head back around to face Phoenix. His eyes were weighted on the floor now, but at least he appeared to be talking to him.

“It’s... embarrassing,” he intoned quietly. Phoenix made a dismissive gesture.

“Don’t even worry about it.”

“You’ll laugh.”

“I won’t! When have I ever laughed at you? Well, when you were really down, anyway.”

Another long pause—longer than the first—reigned before Miles seemed to reach a point of decision and words came pouring from his mouth.

“I can’t... use... the facilities when I have company,” he said, quickly and tremulously. “Not when anyone else is around. I can’t. So I need you to leave. Now, if you could. It's been... some time... and I would very much like for you to go.”

As Miles pulled off his glasses and buried his face in one of his hands, Phoenix had to stop to consider the insanity his partner had just proposed to him. He’d been prepared for a lot of the things he’d imagined. Hell, he’d wanted some of the things he’d imagined (mostly the scenarios involving a Miles who broke down and finally admitted that he lusted for Phoenix just as much as Phoenix lusted for him.) But this? This was just... strange.

“Umm, Miles,” Phoenix began, gingerly, “I don’t have to ‘leave’ for that.” Miles said nothing, only pressed his hand harder against his flaming face, so Phoenix continued: “I’m not going to follow you into the bathroom. Just turn on the tap or something if you’re so worried.”

“Th-that’s—! It doesn’t...work that way,” Miles said, and stood abruptly, and took to pacing the small space between Phoenix, the coffee table, and the couch. Phoenix stood in reply, and furrowed his brow at his boyfriend’s absolutely unnecessary display of consternation.

“Look, this is me we’re talking about. Just me. Alone with you. I’ll do whatever you want—wait in the kitchen, in the hall, whatever—just don’t make me leave.” At last, Phoenix stepped forward and touched his companion on the shoulder; Miles stopped short and jumped about a foot. “Please.”

Miles proceeded to look at Phoenix, then back at the sofa, then back to the floor at Phoenix’s feet. Phoenix watched him closely. Just as he suspected, his boyfriend closed his eyes, and a finger came to rest on his temple, the sure sign that Miles was racing through a list of logical possibilities in his head. His brain had to have been running at about a hundred miles per hour—and for what? Divining the same procedure any three-year-old would’ve gladly enlightened him on?

“No. I’d really rather not discuss this any further,” Miles nearly whispered. He’d begun rocking his whole body backwards and forwards, from his toes to his heels; it might’ve been cute if everything else Miles did that night hadn’t been so damned infuriating. “I just... can’t. That’s all there is to it.”

“What are you saying? Miles,” Phoenix returned with the barest of chuckles, “I mean, you must be able to—how would you spend the whole day away at work and court if you ‘couldn’t’? How would you take all those trips abroad? It just doesn’t make any sense.”

That seemed to have done it.

Phoenix would never be sure if it had been the words themselves or the little laugh that accompanied them, but something in what he said sparked the sort of righteous fury in Miles that he never really liked to see. Not as his opposing counsel, and certainly not as his boyfriend. All of a sudden Phoenix was being rounded upon by a seething, red-and-white-faced man with a furrowed brow and a hissing voice.

“It doesn’t, does it? Well, I hope that this makes sense enough for you.” As he spoke, Miles fumbled for his wallet, extracted a few bills, and pressed them into Phoenix’s hands. “Your ride home. Good-bye, Phoenix.”

Thankfully, it was warm enough that he hadn’t needed a jacket, and he’d left his shoes in the hallway—otherwise it would have been a bit of an inconvenience for Phoenix to find himself pushed bodily from Miles’ apartment and left by himself outside the door. As it was, he was simply discombobulated and a little hurt.

“I said I’d wait out here! You don’t have to—” The lock clicked insultingly behind him. “Fine! Do whatever you want, I guess!”

He’d wanted to throw out some bitingly cynical observation about the stupidity of this fight. It would’ve served Miles right. But he ended up being much too distracted by the bills he’d had thrust upon him instead.

“Wow,” Phoenix muttered to himself. Eighty dollars?! He would’ve whistled, but such feats were beyond him. It seemed that Miles really had gone insane, or he was just so disillusioned by his own wealth that he had no idea what anything cost anymore. It was difficult to tell.

With nothing more to do and no more to say that didn’t sound all wrong in his head, Phoenix made his way to the complex’s elevator. It—what was “bothering” Miles, his so-called “inability”—really didn’t make a bit of sense, but Phoenix wasn’t going to find the logic in it that night. He’d been too tired for mysteries for hours, and, besides, he didn’t know if he’d have been able to work it out even at the height of his mental abilities. In the end, he had to settle for calling a cab and unwillingly wondering things he’d never imagined he’d have to wonder about his boyfriend’s bathroom habits as he waited at the curb.

*001*2020-05-06 00:04

Chapter 2a: Parfait d'Amour

It didn’t take long for Phoenix or Miles to climb down from their respective high towers and attempt to make amends. When Phoenix checked his phone the morning after, he found that he’d already received several short texts:

Wright—

I hope this missive finds you well.

I apologize for the events of last night.

We needn’t discuss them any further.

Enjoy your day.

- Miles Edgeworth

This was a bit of a problem.

Not because his boyfriend would never realize the difference between a text message and a letter to the Attorney General, though that was also something they’d have to discuss. No, it was because, apologetic though the message began, it ended with demanding that Phoenix forget.

He would have liked to have forgotten. He really would have. It was all pretty embarrassing, and, though he was still a little sore about being shoved out of his partner’s apartment that night, he preferred for them to remain on good and clear terms with one another.

But now that seemed impossible. It had been difficult enough trying to wade his way through the intricacies of a relationship with Miles Edgeworth from the start—adding this thing, a thing he would never have imagined could be a problem, transformed the path of their relationship from a long but comprehensible labyrinth into a maze. And Phoenix had already found a dead-end.

He couldn’t allow himself to be trapped by it. What would happen to them in the future if he did? Would they never make it past this mincing half-on half-off period? Would they ever be able to live together if this continued on?

Phoenix picked up his phone and texted rapidly:

- thanks but i really think we should talk about it

- call me when u get the chance?

Phoenix went about getting ready for work with his phone’s volume turned up to full-blast, and heard nothing by the time he left the house. All day he found himself checking, opening his phone again and again to the same stock photo of a palm tree and no notifications. The phone rang once, and he jumped on the call, only to have a cheerful, robotic voice from his local pharmacy informing him that his prescription was ready to be picked up.

By the time the evening rolled around, Phoenix was grousing again. Even Trucy’s latest fire-ring trick couldn’t cheer him like it should have. So, after the fire department had cleared off, he gave up and went to bed early.

Just as he was drifting to sleep, Phoenix’s phone gave a deafening PING and vibrated. Miles, responding at last.

Wright—

Would you care to dine together tomorrow evening?

We can go to Cellini’s. It’s been some time.

- Miles Edgeworth

Damn it.

Phoenix groaned and covered his eyes. So. He was right. Miles really was going to pretend that the “events of last night” had never happened. He would take Phoenix out to dinner and hope that everything would be forgotten over an expensive meal and a few glasses of wine—and he wasn’t wrong to think it was possible.

But Phoenix was determined that he wouldn’t be swayed this time. Their happiness together was at stake! Did Miles really think that they would live apart forever? That he would always be able to run home, alone, whenever he had to use the toilet? Phoenix had said so before, and he would say it again: It didn’t make sense.

Phoenix would go to dinner, of course. But he wouldn’t like it, at least not until he was able to make something of it.

He and Miles arrived at Cellini’s in comfortable style by cab the following evening, where they were seated at once and poured generous glasses of ice water. Miles took up his glass perfectly nonchalantly and drained about half of it as he perused the wine list. Within a few minutes, they were sipping some species of white wine, and Miles was attempting to strike up a conversation.

Phoenix offered up responses and a little commentary here and there, but found that he just couldn’t tear his immediate focus away from all of the... liquid. First the water, which was gone from Miles’ glass by the time the waiter returned for their order, then the wine. Phoenix did his best not to gawk, to subtly observe his boyfriend behind some menu or other as he would’ve behind a hand of cards. The effort was unsettling. When, exactly, had he become a creepy piss-based voyeur?

Miles seemed not to notice. He didn’t say anything, anyway, and his expressions betrayed no suspicion. Not even when Phoenix went to the bathroom about halfway through the night and floundered awkwardly around the once-simple words.

“I’m, uh... I’m... going to the bathroom, I guess,” he stammered. Miles was supremely unaffected. “If... uh... if....”

“Don’t worry, Phoenix. I’ll let the waiter know that you want more bread,” Miles returned with a touch of a smirk. Phoenix allowed his companion to think he knew what he had been going to say and scampered off.

Dinner passed amiably, if anxiously. By the time Phoenix had returned from the bathroom a second time, they’d finished with their salads and entrees, and, by the grace of his second glass of wine, he’d had at last built up the courage to address the problem head-on.

“So, Miles,” he began, “about... um... the other night... I was—”

“No,” Miles interrupted, a low note of sound deep in his throat. “I’ve said already that the subject is closed.”

“But Miles—”

“Now, what would you like for a nightcap? Some brandy, perhaps?”

“I don’t think so, but—”

“Perhaps a cream liqueur?”

“No! Just—come on, we really need to—”

“Sommelier!” Miles commanded, and at once a servile middle-aged man with a permanent bend to his back was grinning at Miles’ elbow. “Two cocktails, if you would. Parfait d’amour and gin. And a suspicion of rosolio, if you’ve any on hand. Shaken well.”

The man replied with a servile phrase and—if possible—a deepening of his bow. Miles worried the stem of his wine glass between his fingers for a silent moment.

“We don’t ‘need’ to discuss anything more,” he answered at last, and finished off his wine; Phoenix found himself watching the motion, rapt. Two glasses of wine, plus the entire glass of water, and a cocktail was coming. “We hadn’t spoken of it before. We never needed to. I don’t see that it bears further examination; it’s barely even a subject.”

“But how do you expect us to get anywhere together if you’re doing—whatever this is?” Phoenix demanded. He’d been quick to ask, but the sommelier (a man Phoenix suspected of being your standard barman, but for whom Miles liked the title) was faster, and he’d already returned to their table with a pair of subtly blue cocktails. Phoenix took his in hand but refused the beginnings of a toast in Miles’ raised glass and parted lips. The man scowled faintly and sipped at his drink.

“I think we can manage it,” Miles grated behind his glass, “if only we stop harping on the minutest details of our existence together. You’ll notice that it barely affects us.”

You think it’s “minute?” You think we’ll “manage” if we have to be totally separated every few hours? Or if we never live together at all? Does that “barely affect us”?

Phoenix tried to distract himself from his thoughts with a tiny taste of his cocktail, which was immediately spit back out into his napkin.

“Oh my God! What’s that supposed to taste like?!” He gasped, and dove for what remained of his water. Miles smirked.

“Violets and roses,” he returned airily, and took another sip of the disgusting concoction. Phoenix gawked—openly this time.

“God... it’s like... drinking your grandmother’s perfume,” Phoenix breathed. “Trust you to find the worst combination imaginable. And probably the gayest.”

Miles’ near-snort into his own cocktail surprised them both, and then they were smiling again. By the end of the evening, comfort had made its way around their table. Dark, warm, smothering comfort that settled in Phoenix’s brain and caught every stray thought in its sticky influence.

How long has it been since he’s been to the bathroom? How many times have I been since we got here? Twice? Is he okay? He seems okay... but it’s been hours....

“Are you ready to go?”

Phoenix focused his eyes. Miles was gazing at him over his small collection of empty glasses.

“Are you?” Phoenix asked sharply.

“Yes, I’ve been for some time,” he said, stood, and offered his hand to Phoenix as he made his way around the table. “I hope you’ve found the evening pleasant.”

He had. And he hadn’t. Frankly, Phoenix considered the date to have been nothing more than a frustrating waste of time. Was this what it was like to live the same fastidious life as Miles: needing to find the answer to something; being physically and mentally unable to rest until it was found?

He didn’t know how he did it. This life was not only very dispiriting—it was exhausting. Every time Phoenix interacted with Miles, it was a new, draining slog. He would wonder, but could never actually address. He would watch him, just as he did over dinner; he would try to listen for changes in his voice when they spoke, in-person or over the phone. He began to try to catch him at inopportune times—just as he left work, unexpectedly over the weekend—but still discovered absolutely nothing. Not the barest inkling that something was amiss, not even at the oddest time and place.

Once a couple of weeks had passed with no tells whatsoever, Phoenix began to wonder if the whole thing wasn’t some kind of bizarre fabrication on Miles’ part. The excuse had worked, after all: It had gotten Phoenix to leave the apartment that night without being insulting to his character. The excuse Miles had chosen was incredibly strange—mortifying, even—but, then, Phoenix couldn’t pretend that he’d ever fully understood everything Miles did and said.

There was nothing else for it, Phoenix decided. He’d have to test the matter.

Chapter 2b: The Plan

Later, years later, when Phoenix was reminded of this plan, he could only shove it to the back of his mind and hope that nothing ever prompted him to open that particular memory box again. But when the plan had first occurred to him, he’d considered it a stroke of genius.

Two Sundays after That Night, as Phoenix had come to think of it, he invited Miles out to the movies. A Hitchcock festival was going on at the local cinema, and he knew that his partner would agree to go. Miles Edgeworth never could say no to an afternoon of pretension.

It was a bright, hot day outside, and a relief to step into the biting breeze of the cinema’s air conditioner. Phoenix had just about worked out the last detail of his plan; as soon as their tickets were torn, he took Miles’ hand and led him over to the concession stand.

“I suppose I’m buying,” Miles grumbled. The slight twitch at the corner of his mouth betrayed his amusement.

“Thanks, Miles,” Phoenix crooned in return, and began perusing the menu. “Let’s see... we’ll have a large popcorn, and a box of caramels, and a large grape soda, and... what do you want?”

Miles considered for a moment. “An unsweetened iced tea, please.”

“Miles!” Phoenix cried, offended by his partner’s unmitigated drabness.

“What size iced tea?” The cashier asked listlessly.

“A sm—”

“Large, please,” Phoenix cut in. He smiled at Miles’ scowl. “What? You won’t get your money’s worth with a small. At least get the large so you can take the refill home.”

Miles sighed, but didn’t resist. Laden with snacks, they made their way into the mostly-empty theatre and took seats in the very back just as the previews were beginning.

The film—“Psycho,” as it turned out—opened uncomfortably. After a just a few seconds of black-and-white voyeurism, Phoenix had to avert his eyes. He looked towards his boyfriend instead, whose face was highlighted by the silvery light of the screen; smiling, he laced their fingers together. Miles allowed it, but didn’t look at him. He didn’t look at Phoenix for the entirety of the showing, as a matter of fact. When Phoenix tried to comment, he shushed him; when Phoenix jumped and cried out during the notorious shower stabbing, he did no more than smirk a little and take a sip of his tea.

Post-first killing, Phoenix found himself more susceptible to distraction. Not to say that the rest of the film wasn’t interesting—it featured more of the strikingly handsome leading man, after all—but Phoenix had been reminded of his intended focus.

It was still an awkward focus, even after the last couple of weeks spent watching. Phoenix longed to return to playing the cinematic voyeur instead, but the movie didn’t allow it. So, he was back to subtly staring at Miles, watching his every move and every taste of his shockingly boring choice of beverage. Fortunately for him, Phoenix was released from his creepy bonds when Miles decided to rattle the ice at the bottom of his empty cup, and Phoenix could at last return to concentrating on the movie.

“Well, that was... something,” he pronounced when the lights came up.

“Indeed,” Miles replied. He hadn’t moved to stand, but instead looked absently towards the black screen as he toyed with the straw on his drink. “One forgets about Hitchcock’s mastery of visual storytelling after awhile away.”

“Uh-huh... but... what was with Bates’ voice-over?”

“Excuse me?” Phoenix scratched his neck in response to the sudden scrutiny.

“Well, I mean... you know... the woman’s voice. It seemed a little weird.” Miles raised his eyebrows all the way into his long, silvery bangs. “I mean, don’t get me wrong, Hitchcock’s still a genius and all, but, I mean—”

“Weren’t you paying any attention to the last few scenes?” Phoenix let go a kind of half-laugh.

“I... well, not really. I got... distracted. The—uh—drinks and all,” he admitted. Miles graced him with a smile and stood. Phoenix paused for a second; his heart may or may not have stopped in that time. “I’m going to the bathroom!”

“Fine. I’m going to see about more tea,” Miles replied, and moved off in the direction of the concession stand. A few minutes later, feeling significantly more composed, Phoenix met him there, unable to keep a knowing smile off his face.

“So... are you ready?” He asked. Miles nodded in reply.

“Yes. Shall I drop you off at your home on the way, or is there somewhere else you’d like to go?” He inquired mildly, and reached for his keys in the pocket of his slacks. Phoenix’s voice fluttered a little as he suppressed a giggle.

“Oh, Miles... I meant for the next movie! Double-feature, remember?” Phoenix waggled his ticket stub. The stub did, in fact, list two movies. Phoenix had insisted upon buying the tickets, and it was a stroke of pure luck for him that Miles hadn’t looked at his—this plan hinged pretty heavily on his boyfriend’s ignorance. “The next one’s starting in a couple minutes. Don’t want to miss the previews, do we? Course, they might be the same as last time... it being an older movie and all.... Hey, are you even listening to me?”

It was difficult to tell. Miles’ gaze had shifted slightly while Phoenix was talking to him, and it fell somewhere on the wall behind him instead of on his face. Phoenix sighed and took Miles’ hand to lead him back into the theatre; he found it rather clammy.

“Come on,” Phoenix prodded. “Let’s get back in. They’re showing—what’s it called?—‘Infamous’?”

“Yes... I think that’s it,” Miles replied distantly.

“Yeah, that one. The one with the Invisible Man or whatever. Come on—it’s just about to start!” With another tug at his hand, Miles at last allowed Phoenix to pull him back into the dimmed theatre.

Honestly, Phoenix wondered why they’d saved this movie for last. “Notorious” (the title card corrected him) wasn’t exactly the same thrill that “Psycho” had been. It was all political intrigue and vaguely attractive people becoming vaguely irritating lovers. There as something about riding clubs, men with two first names and tailing Nazis to Brazil. It was hard to follow, but Phoenix tried. The first stage of his plan was finished except for the waiting, after all—might as well watch the film he’d shelled out for.

Phoenix had just about worked out what was going on by the time the leading lady was revealing the villain’s intentions to marry her. The leading man stormed out at this, grumbling about “women who never changed.”

Miles chose that moment to storm out, as well; Phoenix wouldn’t have noticed but for the fact that Miles’ hand suddenly tore away from his, leaving it horribly cold and moist. Phoenix followed briskly behind him.

“What is it?” Phoenix asked Miles as soon as he caught up with him. He’d found him pacing furiously outside the theatre door. “You could’ve told me you were going to—”

“We have to go. Are you ready?” Miles cut across him. He already had his keys in his free hand, and had managed to stop his pacing to fix Phoenix with an almost-steady gaze. The tone of this conversation was awfully familiar....

“No, I’m not. The movie’s not over yet,” Phoenix replied, crossing his arms over his chest. “I’m sorry if you don’t like it, but I’d really like to see it through to the end.” Miles raked a hand through his hair and started his pacing again. The other seemed to be chained inside his trouser pocket. “Why exactly do we ‘have to go’?”

Silence. Silence and quick, long steps. Phoenix wasn’t about to put up with it this time. It wasn’t as though Miles could throw him out of the cinema. Phoenix took a few steps of his own and intercepted his boyfriend just as he began to make a turn; Miles made a strangled little noise and covered his mouth.

“Are you going to tell me?” Phoenix asked quietly, and lightly grasped Miles’ arm. Miles allowed a long, silent space to fall between them before he forced out some words.

“I-it’s... I... it’s... the same,” he muttered from behind his hand. “Please, just... let’s just go. I— I’ll....”

Okay, so maybe Miles hadn’t been lying about this being a problem. But when would they begin to solve it, if not now? The solution was right in front of them.

“Come on,” Phoenix sighed, exasperated, and tugged lightly at the front of Miles’ sweater-vest. “The bathroom’s right—”

“D-don’t! Don’t....” He resisted. Miles’ breaths were coming deep and fast, and the hand with his keys pressed alternately at his mouth and his crimson forehead.

“What’re you going to do, exactly?” Phoenix leaned close and dropped his voice to a whisper. “What? You’d prefer to wet yourself than go in there?”

Miles didn’t respond; he only shook his head unevenly.

“Well, then,” Phoenix reasoned, “you can go to the bathroom, and I’ll—”

“I can’t!” Miles cried abruptly. He shook his head again, wildly this time, and Phoenix was forced to let go of him as he bent at the waist and wheezed loudly against his hand. People were beginning to stare. “I can’t, I can’t, I can not....”

Phoenix was stunned into inaction by Miles’ near-childish display for a few seconds. He could do nothing but join the starers, at least until an explanation bubbled to the surface of his thoughts.

“L-look, I didn’t mean for it to go this far, okay?” He whispered, and tried putting himself between his partner and the gawkers by the concessions. “I just... wasn’t sure if you were being honest with me about this stuff. You weren’t telling me anything, and... I just wanted to help!” He stopped, and chanced putting a hand on Miles’ shaking shoulder. “But I see, now... we can leave....”

Several moments and many unsteady breaths passed before Miles managed a response.

“‘It’?” He gasped, “‘It’? What is ‘it’?”

“...What?”

“What is ‘it’? What you... ‘didn’t mean to go this far’?” Thankfully, the panic seemed to be filtering out of his voice; instead, it was rapidly being replaced by a sort of furious hissing. Phoenix took a quick step back.

“Oh, I... uh... this, you know... the movies,” he replied, on a ghost of a laugh. “It seemed like a good time to find out... test this... thing... with the, uh, double-feature and all....”

“Oh... my God....” Miles began backing away, still crouched over; Phoenix followed him closely.

“Come on, Miles, we can go now,” Phoenix said, and tried a smile. Miles had made it to the side door and reached out, backwards, to press the bar with his free hand. “It’s really all—”

“Don’t you dare speak to me any more, Phoenix Wright!” Miles cried, and dashed out the double-doors. Before Phoenix could think of a response, Miles had made his way across the parking lot through the scorching afternoon sun.

“Miles, just—wait—!” Phoenix called after him out the door. But he was too late. Miles’ cherry red sports car was already racing out towards the road, leaving him behind with the group of chattering onlookers.

*004*2020-06-07 08:49

{{On 5/19/2020 at 1:26 PM, ErzaCrane said:

I love this story so much! I never comment on here but damn this really deserve some more appreciation. I guess that most people here prefer female desperation and I always struggle to find male desperation fiction (I think I read them all by now). Also M/M are my favorite.

I found this really hot and I am dying to know how it will go on, especially since Miles haven't talked about it yet. I wonder how many times he has been desperate and just hid it...

Anyway I really love your style and the fact that it is somewhat angst, it's just perfect. I felt so bad when I realized it was unfinished, so I went to AO3 and read the 4th chapter there and then I read your other stories about them. Yes, you've got a fan now, I loved them all very much, especially your description of the desperation. I am not familiar with the fandom, but I love the enemies/rivals to lovers and I have a kink for uptight, dignified characters in omorashi situations (ex. Draco Malfoy).

Can't wait for the next chapter! Also, I think we could have fun chatting about our fav fanfic since it is so rare to find lovers of male desperation :3

}}

Aah, thank you sooo much for this lovely comment! I've been a bit distracted by my non-omo fics of late, and life in general. But I plan to work on it more this week! I'm delighted to find another fan of this sort of thing (particularly the uptight characters in omorashi situations bit; that really is my favorite); hope that you continue to enjoy it!!

{{On 5/29/2020 at 12:01 PM, eucoloco said:

Oh wow well written quality male omorashi. Anxious for the next predictments! If I were to say sth.. I guess maybe Miles need Phoenix to caress/torture his tummy to ‘help’ or some devilish fetish ideas.. luvin you&#39;re story.

}}

Thank you very much for reading and reviewing!! And complimenting! :3 I do have ideas for the future... what you say makes me unsure if I should montage them as I was planning, though, or go into some deep omorashi-based detail... maybe I should do the latter, in the interests of making this more of a true omo fic....

*006*2020-06-29 01:02

{{On 6/17/2020 at 12:25 PM, Anji said:

I really, really love that! I like the anime. I like you brought magatama to the fic. Also, I have a little of paruresis (not extreme like Miles). It's perfect!

Please, keep writing!

}}

Thank you so much!! I'm about to post a couple more chapters that have already/are about to make it to AO3. I've been delaying the omorashi content too much because of my desire to go off on an emotional tangent-- but I think, finally, chapter seven should have some omorashi stuff! Hope you continue to like it!

A/N: Sorry about any chapter number confusion. And the fact that this has been posted to AO3 for some time if you're looking for new content. But I think I'll post my next new chapter here first, and then, after that one, I think I MAY ACTUALLY have cause to insert more omo content....

Chapter IV: The Pall

How did this happen?

Phoenix wondered miserably as he cleaned the toilet.

We were doing so well together!

He scraped the brush violently along the underside of the rim.

We’d talked about so much!

He squirted some more pungent blue fluid around the bowl and began scrubbing hard.

We’d never had any issues before... well, maybe a few disagreements here and there... but now....

Phoenix barely registered his fleet-footed juniors sneaking into the doorway. He was much too concerned with eradicating what was clearly a permanent stain.

“Uh... Mr. Wright?” Apollo began tentatively, “Are you okay?”

“Just fine, thanks,” Phoenix grumbled in return, and hit the stain all the harder. He could hear Athena’s gloved hand clenching into a fist somewhere behind him.

“Oh, come on, Boss. We’re not idiots. We can tell when you’re not filled with the old joie du vivre,” she insisted. “I mean... have you seen your office recently?”

“Yeah, of course I have!” Phoenix replied at once. “And I know for a fact that it looks great right now!”

“See, that’s my point,” Athena continued, took a few more steps into the room, and closed the toilet lid on her employer. He dropped his brush and frowned up into her too-concerned face. “It never ‘looks great.’ And you’ve cleaned the toilet, what—four times this week?”

“Only three,” Phoenix mumbled under his breath.

“Well, I think we all know that there’s something going on with you,” she said firmly. “I mean... even Apollo noticed it.”

“Hey!”

“I’m sorry, guys... it’s not something I really think we should be talking about,” Phoenix sighed, stood, and reluctantly began peeling the rubber gloves off his hands. “It’s kind of... personal.”

Athena put her hands on her hips. “It’s about Mr. Edgeworth, isn’t it?”

“Athena—!” Apollo hissed. Phoenix had much the same reaction, only his next instinct was to take a large step backward. Luckily the closed toilet lid meant that they didn’t have to spend the rest of the afternoon unjamming Phoenix’s foot from said toilet.

“Athena,” Phoenix said again, a little more calmly, “there’s nothing wrong with me and Mr. Edgeworth. You don’t have to worry.”

Apollo’s hand shot to his wrist, and the thing around Athena’s neck flared a bright crimson. Naturally, Athena was the first to speak again, and, naturally, Apollo had to make a valiant effort at reining her in.

“We do have to worry, Boss! You’ve been neglecting your cases in favor of all this—” She waved her free arm vaguely around the bathroom. “Why? Because of all the clients we’ve got pouring in? Come on, Mr. Wright. There’s something wrong with you two. I know. You’ve been moping for—how long? Days? And I haven’t heard Mr. Edgeworth call your cell once in all that time.”

“How did you—?!” Phoenix gasped. “N-never mind. Okay, so I guess we haven’t been... talking... for a little while... but it’s really no problem.”

“Mr. Wright,” Apollo said lowly, and fixed Phoenix with a piercing brown gaze. It only took a few seconds of locked eyes for Phoenix to fold and throw his arms up in the air in exasperation.

“Okay, so it is a problem! But it’s nothing that I can’t manage by myself, so why don’t you guys just get back to your own work if you’re so worried about the Agency?” He shot, picked up his bucket of cleaning supplies, and pushed past them through the cluttered entryway and into his office. The place had been transfigured in the past seventy hours or so into a pristine haven of shiny surfaces and the faint scent of lemon cleaning solution.

“We just want to help,” Athena said as she trotted along after him, with Apollo a step or two behind her. Phoenix frowned again, this time at his own reflection sulking eerily in the surface of his desk. “After all... this office doesn’t run the same without us all in tip-top shape.” She grinned, and glanced over her shoulder at her senior associate. “Isn’t that right, Apollo?”

“Oh! Um... yeah,” he agreed, rubbing a recently-elbowed bicep. “If we can do anything, we’d be glad to.”

Phoenix sighed and turned his eyes up to the ceiling instead. He’d missed some cobwebs in the corners.

“It’s just... I thought things were going great between me and Edgeworth,” he muttered upwards. “Then this... thing... got in the way....”

“What was it?” Athena gasped. She watched her employer quietly for an entire moment before waving her hands animatedly in his face. “Wait—don’t tell me! There was a B.O.C.!”

“A what?” Apollo and Phoenix said in unison. Athena furrowed her brow between them.

“A Breach of Confidentiality, of course! Come on, guys, how long has it been since you went to school?” Athena shook her head and continued, “Anyway... I always wondered if that might not happen when you and Mr. Edgeworth started seeing each other. You know so many dark secrets as a criminal lawyer. I knew it could only be so long before you let something slip in a moment of passion and ended up ruining something big—”

“Athena!” Phoenix cut in. “Two things: One, you clearly spend too much time imagining your employer’s love life. Two, it’s not that.” He sighed. “It’s a lot worse than that.”

“What is it, then?” Athena tried again softly. “Like I said: We just want to know what it is.... To help.”

“So do I,” Phoenix muttered, and stood. He took a few steps behind his desk, then turned back to his juniors. Athena was looking as bright-eyed and intense as ever; Apollo, distinctly discomfited. “I really don’t know everything myself. It’s... some kind of anxious problem, I think.”

“Oh, I know this one!” Athena leapt on Phoenix’s words. “Don’t worry. It’s not your fault. Apollo says it happens to every guy sometimes!”

A suddenly-red Apollo made an indistinguishable noise from his side of the desk, and muttered something at the floor.

“No... it’s not that, and it’s not me. It’s Edgeworth. He’s the one with the problem,” Phoenix sighed. There was a space of silence; he began to feel his skin crawl with an inexplicable irritation. “What? What did I say?”

“Well, nothing, Mr. Wright, but....” Apollo trailed off before starting again with a bit more conviction, “I mean... you’re sure it’s Mr. Edgeworth who has the problem?”

“You’re sure it isn’t you? I mean, he’s the one who hasn’t been calling,” Athena added helpfully. Phoenix looked back and forth between them several times.

“What? No! It isn’t me!” Phoenix defended himself. “I mean... I don’t think I... helped, exactly... but I wanted to! I was trying to! It just didn’t work out!”

“Then just tell us what it is already, um Himmels Willen!” Athena slammed the palms of her hands down on Phoenix’s desk and glared at him across it. So much for “pristine.”

“For the hundredth time: We’d really like to help. Apollo and I both want to see this place picking up new cases again, and we can’t do it without you at the helm.”

Phoenix allowed a bit of a smile to tug at the corner of his mouth. “I can’t tell you everything,” he said slowly. “It’d be a—what did you call it?—a ‘B.O.C.’. I probably wouldn’t get sanctioned, but... I don’t think I’d have long to live afterwards. All I know is that it’s really... weird, and really complicated. It’s led me and Edgeworth into two fights so far, and I really don’t know what to do about it.”

“Didn’t you say you think this is an ‘anxious’ thing?” Apollo asked. Phoenix nodded. “Well, then... maybe you should look it up. Research it a little.”

“Yeah! Break out a book for once in your life!” Athena cheered.

“I was thinking more like searching the internet, but... yeah, essentially. Anxiety’s a difficult thing. You can’t always take a hammer to it.” Phoenix nodded again. Apollo was probably right. The last time Phoenix had tried “hammering” it, he’d come out less another thirty dollars in cab fare, and, it seemed, all hope of further boyfriendly affection. “You might have to know something about the reasons and the triggers before you can do anything about it.”

Athena chimed in, “Plus, if you haven’t been talking, maybe taking an interest could warm him up again!”

Phoenix looked around at his junior associates and marveled, bathing in the first pleasant silence he’d known in weeks.

“Apollo, Athena...” he said, with a smile, a shrug and a sigh, “have I ever mentioned how brilliant you guys are?”

“Oh, Boss, you don’t have to worry about that,” Athena chirped through a toothy grin. “Not when quarterly bonuses speak for themselves!”

Phoenix raised his eyebrows. “Umm, yeah, about—”

“Come on, Apollo! Let’s leave Mr. Wright to his research!”

With that, Athena dragged the still-pink Apollo out of the office, leaving Phoenix alone with his slightly cheerier reflection.

###

It took Phoenix longer than he would have liked to find what he was looking for during his “research.”

It was awkward enough having to think in any depth about Miles’ issues; having to transcribe them into some comprehensible form in a search engine was just about the end of him—particularly when he shared a computer with his daughter, and particularly when he forgot to clear his search history one evening. But, eventually, he made it: from fumbling pee-based sentences to a term, and from a term to websites, books and articles.

After a few nights’ worth of bookmarks and notes and total cell silence, Phoenix was ready. That night—three weeks after That Night—he decided to make a call.
