Obstruction: An "Ace Attorney" Fanfiction

Author: HoneyBeam521

*010*2020-10-24 05:50

A/N: So, this chapter's a bit... confusing.

There's a POV change. The mood isn't as cheerful as what I expected from whence I left off from the last chapter. I diverted from what I feel would have been a bit more of an organic path (storytelling-wise, anyway) because I really wanted to get a bit more omo content in there.

If you're reading this: Do you like its style at all? Should I flesh out the memories at some point (perhaps separately from the body of this work)? I'm just not sure about this whole thing.

The only thing I do know is that the next chapter's fixing to be the climax.

Well, anyway, as always: I hope you like this! Reads and reviews are always appreciated!

SECOND A/N: I guess I'm going to sort of beta-post this here prior to AO3, as I just don't know how to feel about what I've done with the tone and internal consistency and everything here. But I've spent so much time on it tonight and really want to get something out.

I can't say that I think I'll get a lot of response here, but I'll try it. I really appreciate you fine folks who do read, as well! All of my appreciation be unto you!

###

Chapter VIII: Proustian

Edgeworth scrutinized himself in the mirror above his sink. He was red in the face already.

Was this—the pinkened, tremulous thing in the glass—really the same that stood unflinchingly in courts of law, condemning the rotting chaff of humanity? The one that had grown from a lauded, eloquent child; the one that had been recognized and even feared for intellect and—fearlessness?

It was, indisputably. Repugnantly. It was him, and that cursed tinge of blood that always seeped into his skin whenever he regarded Phoenix and his visits and... this... had arrived already.

Phoenix had not yet.

Sighing through the nose, Edgeworth left his washroom, closing its door with startling force behind him. He could use a glass of water. He didn’t want one, but Phoenix would expect him to have one in hand upon arrival. He would expect him to be ready; he wasn’t.

Avoidance. Avoiding avoidance. That was what he was meant to be doing: to be chasing after his anxieties rather than hiding away from them; to be—

His heart nearly stopped when the doorbell rang. He checked his watch. Ten to ten. Phoenix was early.

Edgeworth stepped to, unlocked, and tore open the front door, gazing hard at the man without.

“You’re early.”

“Oh! Hi, Miles. Yeah, a little, I guess.” The smile beamed through Phoenix’s voice, even as Edgeworth’s glare broke and the sharp grey eyes fell.

“You might have been... too early,” he told his handsome rosewood floor. It could use some polishing. There had been too much pacing going on by the doorway of late.

“I’m not, am I?” Phoenix asked airily. Edgeworth exhaled slowly through his nose.

“No... no, the timing was... adequate. But it could easily have been otherwise.” He wrested his focus away from the slight scuff in the floor to look into his partner’s face. It was smiling. Strangely.

“You know, I really don’t think you should be worrying about things like ‘too early’ and ‘too late’ anymore,” Phoenix said, quick and easy enough to make Edgeworth’s eyebrows pull together and a frown to tug at his lips. “We’ve done this, what—five times now? You’ve really got to get used to it at some point. ‘Too early’ or not.”

“I think you’ll find that timing is essential to this matter, Phoenix,” he said lowly. Phoenix took a few steps inside; Edgeworth closed and locked the door behind him.

“Maybe it feels like that now, but it doesn’t always have to be that way. It shouldn’t.” Edgeworth shook his head. Phoenix had been reading altogether too many self-help books, or vlog posts, or wherever it was he obtained his recent wealth of pseudo-therapeutic knowledge. Every time he had a thought in those days, Phoenix had to cut in with a challenge. “You’re not always going to be able to plan. You’re not always—”

“All right, all right,” Edgeworth interrupted, and led the way into the living room. “Let’s just... sit, please.”

Phoenix sat obligingly enough. But then he looked around and up again, his brows knit.

“Drinks?” He asked, and leaned back into the sofa cushions. Edgeworth resisted the impulse to scowl and gave a curt nod in its place.

“Yes. What will you have?”

“That depends,” Phoenix replied, with that smile plastered onto his face again, “what vintage grape juice you got tapped today?”

Edgeworth sighed audibly and retired to the kitchen. He fetched them each a glass—grape juice for Phoenix, iced water for himself—and returned briskly to the living room; there, he placed Phoenix’s down on the tea table in front of the sofa. Out of the corner of his eye, he noticed his partner shifting a little, as if to make room for him to sit. He ignored the silent invitation and moved to the armchair that Phoenix habitually took instead, earning him a sullen pout when next he looked up.

“Well,” Phoenix said, affronted, “I see someone’s been looking forward to this.”

He allowed the scowl this time. “You arrived early.”

Phoenix let out one of his great shouts of laughter. “Oh, that’s it? I arrive, what—five minutes—”

“Ten minutes!”

“Right, ten minutes early, and now you’re going to be angry with me for the rest of the day?”

“I’ve told you already!” Edgeworth insisted. He could feel his fingers itching to clasp together; he forced them to remain still on his knees. “You were expected at precisely ten o’clock.”

“I was only a little early. People, you know, are, sometimes,” Phoenix said, his voice tinged with bemusement. “Why does it bother you so much?”

Edgeworth made a derisive noise. “That’s obvious.”

“Is it?”

“Yes.”

“Great. Perfect. So... what?” Phoenix asked with a subtle glare of his own. “You going to throw me out the minute you have to pee again?”

Edgeworth stared. He was sure that, were he not sitting already, the sudden displacement of blood to his face would have caused his legs to give out. “N-no! Of course—”

“Because it sure sounds like we’re headed down that path,” Phoenix sighed. “Look, if you’re going to keep on being so stubborn about this, maybe we should just...” he made a non-committal wave of the hand and picked up his glass of grape juice, “stop.”

He took a sip of his drink, and Edgeworth’s gaze remained.

Of course he wanted this all to be over. The days of effort they’d sunk into the matter had yielded barely an inch of progress—none, really, since their first session. What’s more, every time Phoenix arrived at his home for this purpose, the shadow of horror fell over Edgeworth’s brain; every time the man arrived on his doorstep, he came that much closer to losing himself utterly to the iron grasp of panic. And all over something so... childish.

Yes, he wanted to “stop.” But he couldn’t ignore the subtler meaning of the choice. If they were to terminate their efforts now... Phoenix was quite right. He’d said it already, weeks ago. It would become nearly impossible to live together; absolutely impossible to live together comfortably. They’d never even be able to spend an entire day with one another uninterrupted.

To “stop” meant to cede. Wholly.

“No,” Edgeworth said at length. “We shouldn’t... stop. Not yet.”

“Well, maybe we can just take it easy today,” Phoenix suggested, and began writhing his way closer to his partner against the soft sofa cushions. “I know how difficult all this ‘trying’ has been for you. Maybe today you could just... tell me about some problems you’ve had. With the pee shyness, I mean.”

“What?” Edgeworth shot, more icily than he’d intended. Phoenix’s hands raising up in minor surrender attested to it.

“It’s nothing to get upset over!” He insisted, and put one of the raised hands over Edgeworth’s where it was clutching at his knee. “I just think it’d be useful. Just... telling me about some difficult times you’ve had. Maybe it’ll make it easier for us to figure out what to do next. What we’ve been doing clearly hasn’t been working... maybe there’s a clue there.”

Edgeworth sat back in the armchair, lightly brushing off Phoenix’s touch, and he thought.

He considered the history of his “problem.” He’d been honest with Phoenix, at least regarding the fact that he’d never deemed all of this a “problem.” Only by sheer propinquity with Phoenix had Edgeworth begun to think in such terms, and, even then, he resisted the notion. It was simply another aspect of his life, another peculiarity that was necessary he live with, along with the facts of his early orphanhood and his inability to tolerate anything approaching an earthquake.

There had never been any marked issues throughout his schooling. He’d taught himself from a young age how to moderate his fluid intake; the incident with von Karma had been an unfortunate oversight that he’d never allowed to occur again in the man’s presence. Even throughout college and law school—the long nights, the ponderous lectures and the caffeinated teas—he’d never known any real difficulties.

It was only in his adulthood that Edgeworth had almost come to total disgrace because of his predilection. Mortifying. Repulsive. Behavior that should have been left behind him when he was barely a child; before he ever came to know Manfred von Karma in any capacity— it returned.

The first of these notable incidents fell on the day he began his employment with the Public Prosecutors’ Office. The instant he’d been cleared by the Bar Association, he’d started to work; work assiduously performed with all the zeal of a man convinced that he alone could bring about the end of violent crime. Files were ambitiously piled upon his desk, and he was prepared to conquer.

It was only when a meeting was called, and he into attendance, that he perceived it. He hadn’t intended it, naturally—was there a person who would intend such a thing?—and yet, there it was: immovable, irascible inside of him; an insistent, immutable pressure, agitated by the meanest movement and the barest brush of clothes. It had crept upon him, as imperceptible and damning as the dark. All at once, his body refused to submit to further suffering in silence.

Of course, the brain was the undisputed master of the body; it persisted past the primal demands. It also persisted past some vain, feckless thoughts of relief. They were impossible. He’d put the knowledge of the building’s restrooms out of his brain immediately upon its entrance—he didn’t require it. And he could never debase himself by asking for their location again, even if they were a feasible option.

He was called to speak. He’d been told he would, long before, in the early hours of the morning; it was a necessity, they’d said, for the new disciple of von Karma. He gave the address they asked for on trembling legs, with a red, sweat-bedewed face. He spoke with such fervor that his firm baritone broke and his spine bent over the table, that he could strike its face in a fit of righteous fury. It was an incendiary address; an impassioned, almost manic condemnation of the villainy of crime that would be recalled by the prosecutors at large for years to come, even if it did wander slightly toward its end.

As he attempted to leave a scene that had, miraculously, been one of victory rather than disgrace, his fellow prosecutors saw fit to express their appreciation with jarring handshakes and excruciating blows to the upper back. The offensive weight of that antiquated attire in which he’d been raised a prosecutor nearly squeezed him into an appalling death, but he escaped, at length. The disjointed jog back to his lodgings—the apartment he’d taken a scant block away, entirely for the purpose of working as much as possible in a day—was nearly as distressing as the amount of time he was made to spend cleaning stains from the fine wool and silk of his clothes, from sweat and... otherwise.

This all Edgeworth survived, well enough to work out how he might evade future disgrace. Well enough, even, to put himself in a similar yet startlingly novel situation some years later during his studies in Europe.

At that time, he was in the habit of standing courts in several European countries; this, of course, necessitated a great deal of travel. In order to keep such matters in order, and because losing track of any one of his many appearances would have proved an utter disaster, he eventually hired a secretary for his office in Munich. Haste and distaste for the task bid Edgeworth accept the first applicant who proved that they were capable of keeping an acceptable weekly schedule.

This, as it happened, was something of an error.

On checking in with Klara the following Monday, he’d perceived no trouble. The girl was deferential and pretty, and she handed Edgeworth his plane ticket to London with a charming little bow of her flaxen-haired head. He allowed a faint smile; she smiled back.

It was only upon entering the airport that matters began to turn: Upon his arrival, a call came in that the defense was prepared to present a new and possibly decisive witness. When he presented his ticket to the airport staff, he found that Klara—that fatuous girl; that girl who would find herself unemployed immediately upon his return—had booked him passage on a crowded flight in the commercial class.

Worst of all, there were certain matters to which he hadn’t been able to attend before he left his home that morning. Matters that couldn’t possibly be attended to in a corner restroom at the airport—not when its lock was broken and its door wouldn’t close securely. Matters that drove him to gasping, writhing insanity as two hours passed in the air; matters that drove him from Heathrow with Hell clawing at his insides and saw him bargaining brokenly with his hotel’s staff for the nearest suite on the ground floor.

Most-recently—barring the degradations foisted upon him by Phoenix—there had been the concert. After having been dragged along to a showing of Detective Gumshoe’s favorite rock and roll group, he’d deemed it necessary to grant the good detective a taste of real art in the form of Baroque chamber music. The Baroque period in music was, to Edgeworth’s mind, the most pleasant one; the antithesis of the histrionic drivel that the Detective professed such love for. It was predictable. It moved in clever forms and figures, contrapuntal melody and countermelody affixed perfectly to each other; it moved with constant interest, but it never surprised.

The same couldn’t be said for his body that evening. It surprised, in the very worst way. He’d been so careful; he’d only had a half-glass of water with his dinner, and yet—!

He’d not made it more than a movement into a spritely Handel suite before the horrifyingly familiar feeling descended, and with it, a vision of the future: It was like a sonata, like a passage of the very music that was running through his brain... but malevolent. A ceaseless line of logic, a devilish musical sequence; flowing maddeningly, pitching up, up, perfectly and inevitably from a single point forever. There was no climax. No end. Only ever-expanding horror with humiliation waiting at the precipice.

Escape became absolutely necessary halfway through the third movement of the piece, escape that took violent form in a sprint to the theatre’s public restroom. The room was blessedly, perfectly empty... for a moment. The world broke apart again almost at once as the room beyond the stall door was suddenly occupied by the Detective, fretting noisily over his superior’s health. Edgeworth spent an agonizing minute with his eyes screwed shut, his trousers open and his legs knotted, convincing Gumshoe that, yes, he was ill, but, no, he should definitely not summon a doctor, and that all would be well again in a moment.

There was nothing pleasurable in these minutes or hours of torment. They were distracting, distressing, humiliating; shameless displays of the child infiltrating the world of the man. But there was a greater evil hiding behind each of them, one which Edgeworth could scarcely articulate, even to himself: After each, the universe had realigned in ecstasy. These were trials, ultimately. Trials through which he’d always managed to pass mostly unscathed, and for which he was always handsomely rewarded. There was no purer pleasure than that of success and relief; nothing in the world that was more perfectly, crudely divine.

“There’s nothing.”

“What?” Phoenix asked. Edgeworth focused his gaze upon his companion. Phoenix had finished about half of his glass of juice and was wearing every mark of the bewildered.

“There have been no ‘difficult times’ I can think of,” Edgeworth replied easily. “No ‘problems’ in the past.”

“Wha—really?” The stare persisted; the bewilderment didn’t shift. If anything, it became more pronounced in the lines of the frown and the angle of the eyebrows on Phoenix’s bronzed and handsome face. “But that doesn’t—”

“Yes. I’ve told you how I learned to regulate my fluid intake, have I not?” Edgeworth picked up his full glass of water as in emphasis. “I’ve never had a ‘problem...’ not until you began trying to work it out, at any rate.”

“Wait—wait—are you saying that... I’ve been causing your problem?” Phoenix asked. One could almost make out the white all the way around his deep blue irises.

“I wouldn’t say that you made it manifest,” Edgeworth returned, speaking each word with very pointed deliberation over the cold glass in his hand. “However... it’s impossible for me to deny the correlation between your efforts and my proclivities being labelled as such.”

Phoenix took some moments to reply. “I’d probably be really mad if I understood what you said just now,” he groused into the arm of his sweatshirt. “Wouldn’t I?”

Edgeworth sighed, “I simply said that this is no ‘problem’ for me. You called it one, and it became one; you manipulated certain situations, and they became problematic.” He paused, thought for a moment, and went on, “I’ve come to the conclusion that our efforts are wasted. After all, under normal circumstances, this is simply... not a problem.”

There was a long pause, in which Edgeworth hazarded a sip of his water and Phoenix brooded. When the latter set down his glass, it was with a harsh clack against the glass-topped table; the sound paired with Phoenix’s sudden ascension to his feet made Edgeworth startle and square his shoulders against an urge to shrink back.

“‘Not a problem,’ eh?... Hold on a sec,” he muttered, and made his way out and into the kitchen. Edgeworth placed his glass down and watched the door, listening hard to the quiet openings and closings of cabinets and rustling noises from within.

He couldn’t cease staring as Phoenix returned, laden with a large duffel bag and a violently blue pillow.

“Mind if I stay the night?”

###

A/N: The music I was thinking of for the Baroque concert is Handel's Water Music Suite No. 2 in D Major (particularly the latter part of the first movement) but I could think of no way to integrate that that didn't sound terribly on-the-nose.

*011*2020-10-31 03:43

Additional Note: I've edited the above-referenced chapter a bit. If you're interested, I can post it here (though a lot of parts of it are the same-- I think I may have managed to improve its logic a bit) or you might find this under the same username of mine on AO3. Thanks for reading!

*014*2021-01-07 04:17

A/N: For any of you looking for omorashi content: It will come. I promise. And I've been promising for a while, I know, but I've gotten really distracted by wanting to explore all of the potential twists and turns and things relating to the character and relationship development here that I didn't feel were satisfactorily explained up to this point, so... here's this.

Warning: Sexual content.

Chapter IX: Pro Hac Vice

“No.”

“Miles, I haven’t—”

“No.”

“If you’d just let me—”

“Did you not hear me?” Miles asked tartly. “I said, ‘no.’”

“Did you ‘not hear’ me?” Phoenix shot back, and threw down the pile of soft things in his arms. “You haven’t even let me explain!”

“There’s nothing to explain.” Miles returned, closely observing the rim of his glass. “You’re demanding the impossible.”

“It’s not ‘impossible,’ and we—”

“Really?” Miles reached into his jacket pocket and glanced at his watch. “It’s just past eleven. Staying ‘the night’ implies to me that you plan to remain, from this moment, until you find a suitable hour to leave tomorrow morning. And you expect—” he swallowed convulsively, “you expect that I shall be able to endure for that long?”

“No, I don’t,” Phoenix said easily, and flopped back down onto the couch. “Isn’t that the point? Miles... we didn’t start all of this just so you could prove to me that you’re the perfect model of restraint.” He paused, and went on under his breath, “I think I’ve seen enough of that, to be honest.”

“But this... I’ve never... Phoenix,” Miles sighed. “Please. Try to understand: I’ve never... done this. With you here; with anyone. Not in years. I don’t think that we can simply agree that this will be the day and expect it to be so.”

“Ah, well, that’s where you’re wrong, Miles!” Phoenix wagged his finger sagely. “Not about the ‘day’ thing. About you never doing it while I’m around.”

Several cold, quiet moments passed between them, in which Miles’ face totally drained of color, and the frozen line of his gaze barely grazed Phoenix’s left temple.

“W-what?!” He whispered.

“Don’t look so shocked, Miles!” Phoenix said, and laid a firm hand on his partner’s knee. “It’s what we’ve been working toward. Isn’t it?”

“W-well... y-yes, but....” Miles was visibly trembling. The hand that Phoenix wrested from him on the way to covering his mouth was shaky and cold; Phoenix pressed it against his own cheek instead.

“It’s all right, really,” he said, low and even. “I didn’t mind. And have an idea that I think’ll help you today. I’m sure we’ll be able to make this work!”

“B-but... when...?” Miles trailed off. Phoenix spoke gently.

“Oh, it was a while back,” he said, “right after our first session. I left, and waited around for a while. You locked the door, and—”

“—oh my God—”

“—I can only assume that—”

“Phoenix,” Miles breathed heavily. Phoenix pressed the shaking hand harder against his cheek, and leaned forward, nearly closing the space between them.

“It’s all right,” Phoenix said again, firmer, but with no trace of anger. He made sure of it. When Miles’ gaze focused again, and his eyes drifted back from the spot they’d fixed upon, Phoenix smiled.

“Did you—” Miles had to close his eyes in an attempt to force the question out, “did you—er—hear—anything?”

“No,” Phoenix said, though he wondered if a little lie wouldn’t have been better to prove his point. “But do you think I’d be angry if I did? Do you think I care?” Miles shook his head, seeming to struggle with an answer. “I don’t. Not at all. I mean, literally everyone does it! And I don’t care about anything you might do. Trust me—I’ve seen it all. I’ve been in a bathroom with Larry, for God’s sake! I don’t care if you’re loud, or if you take a long time, or—”

“Please, please... stop,” Miles interrupted. “I... understand. And I thank you. But it isn’t enough, simply... knowing these things. You know that, I think.”

“But... you get it, right?” Phoenix said carefully, treading as lightly as he could around the periphery of his boyfriend’s eggshell pride. “I haven’t been treating you any differently since I was there. Have I?” Miles shook his head again, tamely this time. “I know that I haven’t been angry or upset with you. You’ve seen that, right?”

Somehow, even though he’d allowed days’ worth of silences to pass between them in the last few weeks, that day, Miles managed to take even longer to answer anything—even questions that Phoenix read as extremely straightforward. Still, after several seconds, after quite a few beats and a moment or two besides, a voice did emerge from him. A small and timid one; one that Phoenix had had too much experience with recently.

“Yes. I... understand.” The words might have been whispered by the lightest seaside breeze. “But—”

“Miles... Miles, Miles, Miles, Miles, Miles,” Phoenix said emphatically, “no more ‘buts.’”

“Mmm.” Miles shifted, and moved his free hand to cover his lips.

“You’ve already beaten this thing.”

“Hmm.”

“And I’ve known about it for weeks. And I don’t care.” Another pause passed between them. “So...?”

“What?” Miles said sharply.

“So... can I stay? Are we doing this?” Phoenix said, springing to his feet and hoping that he looked enthusiastic and confident rather than the silly and melodramatic he felt. Miles looked up at him, looked down again, and then sighed audibly into the space somewhere in the middle.

“Yes... I suppose we are.” Phoenix barely resisted a fist-pump, and settled instead for sitting again, smiling into Miles’ face and pressing a kiss to his distinctly wan cheek.

“Great!” Phoenix declared.

“Great,” Miles replied, with a little less enthusiasm. “Yes.”

And it was. Sort of. They managed as well as they had last time, anyhow, wiling away the rest of the morning and a fair bit of the afternoon with a bizarre combination of chess interspersed with hands of five-card draw (placed conveniently whenever Phoenix was having trouble devising his next move.) As always, Phoenix tried to keep up the conversation, but this time in particular, he found Miles stubbornly grave. What was he thinking? Was he really convinced that he’d lost something because of Phoenix’s decision to hang around that one time? How was it any different from Phoenix being, well, anywhere when he used the toilet?

Phoenix worked at steering conversation toward things that would keep his mind off of it: work, the latest TV shows; the baffling scoring system he’d devised to determine the ultimate winner of a chess-and-poker tournament. But it was difficult, particularly when Miles refused to contribute. When he finally did say something, it wasn’t exactly the diverting conversation Phoenix had in mind:

“So... these items you retrieved from my kitchen,” he said, gesturing vaguely at the duffel bag and pillow with a crimson pawn. “Where did they come from?”

“Oh, those?” Phoenix asked with a hint of laughter. “Yeah, I’ve kinda been sneaking the overnight things in since our first ‘session.’ Threw them in one of your empty cabinets. Thought I’d need to spring the ‘overnight’ idea on you sometime; hoped you wouldn’t notice.” He laughed again, and followed his boyfriend’s slim, nimble fingers as they approached the board and screwed his pawn into place. “Guess you didn’t!”

Miles locked his gaze on the chessboard and tied his arms back together across his chest. “No.”

“Makes sense, I guess. You don’t use your kitchen that much, do you?”

Miles’ hand migrated to his mouth. “Not really.”

“Shame. It’s really nice. That high-tech stove and all! Maybe sometime I should come over and—”

“Are you going to make a move at some stage, Phoenix?” Miles interrupted. Phoenix looked down on his line of blue royalty, then back up into Miles’ steely eyes. A grin spread across his face as a thought blossomed in his head. It had been too long since he’d done it....

“‘Make a move...’? Oh, yeah. Of course.” As he spoke, his hand drifted across the board to the elaborate knot in the tie at Miles’ throat. “Thanks for reminding me, babe.”

Before he could respond—pretty easy, given how much time Miles took to respond to anything those days—Phoenix executed a quick step-around the board and kissed Miles soundly on the lips. Rather than the submission and careful reciprocation he was used to, however, there immediately came a hum of protest, and Miles pushed him away with a sharp breath and a furrowed brow.

“What’s wrong?” Phoenix asked at once, with a bit of brow furrowing of his own. Miles closed his eyes.

“I don’t know.” Phoenix, reasonably sure that the silence would do all the prompting he needed for Miles to talk, said nothing. “It’s just, I... er... have to.”

“‘Have to...’?” Miles shook his head, sighed, and the inevitable wash of color overtook his face.

“Have to... void, and....”

“Ah. Well, that’s fine!” Phoenix took his seat again and leaned across the chess table, knocking over his king and bishop in the process. Ignoring Miles’ huff of distain, he said, “I’ve got an idea to help today, remember? One of those things I’ve read about on the sites. I know you might think it’s silly, but... I really think it could help!”

“Oh, yes?” Miles asked, righting Phoenix’s pieces as he spoke. “What’s that?”

“I thought we could just... you know....” Great, he was starting to have trouble talking about it! “I thought you could run the tap or something. The sink, you know. The bathtub too, if you want.”

Miles seemed to consider the proposition. That is to say, he didn’t immediately give one of his famously sardonic laughs or trio of tsks and reject it. He just remained silent, pushing each of his and Phoenix’s chess pieces back into alignment with the middle of its respective square. When, at last, he appeared to be satisfied with his work, he looked up and locked eyes with Phoenix over the rim of his glasses.

“All right.” Phoenix grinned again.

“All right! Great!” They both stood, one with considerably more ease than the other. Phoenix walked close beside Miles, and paused between the bathroom and the front door. “Um... do you want me to go?”

“Yes,” Miles said briskly. His fingers were tapping already, and he’d begun rocking back and forth slightly. Had they waited too long? It had been quite a while.... “Just... wait out there.”

After having made attempts like this in the past—minus the use of the taps, a suggestion Phoenix had reserved, worrying that he’d insult Miles’ efforts on his own—Phoenix wasn’t especially hopeful. They’d done and drunk a lot over the past few weeks, but, still, every attempt ended with Miles urgently calling it off, and Phoenix having to dash off somewhere down the street until he was given the dismal “all-clear” to return.

So it was really no surprise when Miles tore open the front door a few minutes after Phoenix had left it. Phoenix looked up from his game of phone-based Tetris to find Miles flushed and breathing quick and tight. Not good signs.

“I did it.” Miles’ gaze was once again on the floor, and his words came out so fast that Phoenix shook his head in surprise.

“Wait a second,” he said, stowing his phone back into his pocket, “did you say... you did it? It worked?”

“Yes.” Miles still seemed quite uncomfortable; still very restless about the legs and fingers. Phoenix put it down to the admitted awkwardness of his report. After a chuckle or two, Phoenix pulled Miles into a hug to compensate; Miles grumbled and squirmed a little in his arms, but was smiling slightly when Phoenix let him go again.

“This is great! I mean, if this works for you... I don’t see why it shouldn’t keep working! What do you think?”

“Yes, I think you’re right,” Miles agreed softly, pulling Phoenix gently inside the apartment by his hoodie sleeve.

“There are taps in every bathroom, after all!” Phoenix said, moving at last. Miles closed the door quickly behind him.

“Yes. You’re right. It’s a practical solution. Thank you for the suggestion, Phoenix.” Miles raised his gaze a bit, and smiled again, and suddenly reached for his wallet in his blazer’s inside pocket. “I know—you should go and get us a bottle of champagne. To celebrate.”

“To cele—what, the fact that you used the toilet with me two doors away?” Glad as he was to know that they’d cracked the code, “celebration” struck Phoenix as a bit much.

“Not... that... precisely... but....” Miles floundered for a second, looking through and counting out his bills with focused intensity. “F-for... our moving in together. You’ve mentioned it before, have you not? It would seem to be a....” He floundered a bit more, and waved his cash-laden hand as if to grasp the phrase he was searching for. “A... tenable proposition, now.”

“Oh, yeah!” Phoenix gave himself a light smack to the forehead in mock reprimand. “I can’t believe I didn’t think of that! We’ll have to start making plans soon, won’t we?”

“Yes.” Miles handed Phoenix several twenties, and Phoenix grinned. “There’s a decent liquor store not two blocks from here. You should be able to find something suitable.”

“Want to come with me? This is our celebration, isn’t it?” Phoenix reached out and hooked his arm around Miles’, thinking to drag him out the door by his side. “Maybe we could get an early dinner or—”

“No, thank you,” Miles declined, and quietly reclaimed his arm. But his subtle smile remained. “I’d like to prepare some things. I’ll still be here on your return.”

“Oh, okay,” Phoenix pouted, and reached out to give Miles a parting kiss. “I’ll be back soon.”

With that, Phoenix departed with a smile on his face (the no-doubt goofy kind that tugged pleasantly at both corners of his mouth) and a spring in his step. Moving in with Miles! It was like a dream come true. It was, in fact. He’d dreamed about waking up beside his boyfriend enough times. The fact that they’d managed to bring it into reality, and so simply, it was just... perfect.

Locating a perfect champagne was nowhere near as simple, though it was a little less time-consuming. Phoenix evaded the retailer, headed for the coolers, and checked out the prices and the descriptions on his own. After a half hour or so of painstaking review, he chose the best-sounding champagne that neared the amount Miles had given him and headed back to the apartment.

On Phoenix’s return, Miles was much more settled. Phoenix found him entering the living room just as he closed the apartment door with a plate of cheese, strawberries and crackers and a pair of slim champagne glasses. There were no more blushes on his face or tremors in his hands. He simply smiled a little, placed the things down, and swept over to press a kiss to Phoenix’s lips.

Phoenix nearly dropped the champagne.

“Oh! Uh... what?” He exclaimed as they parted. The paper bag around the wine crinkled loudly as he held it closer to his chest.

“Yes, Phoenix?”

Phoenix nearly dropped the bottle a second time.

He was used to being greeted, of course. By Miles Edgeworth, even. He was used to a lot of things; used to quite a few interactions that might take place between him and his boyfriend. However... he wasn’t used to that suave, sonorous tone Miles had chosen. Not outside the courtroom, anyhow. It was enough to make the hands shake and the knees instantly weak.

“Uh... champagne!” Phoenix declared, and held out the bottle for Miles’ inspection. He was in his element. Miles was magnificent in his element: sharp eyes flitting down the black-and-gold label, long hands holding the bottle with firm, assured elegance; smirking just the barest bit as he doubtlessly divined something Phoenix could never have guessed at.

“Laurent-Perrier... a fine choice,” he said, still in That Voice, and handed the bottle back.

Phoenix raised his eyebrows. “Wha—?”

“I thought you might like to do the honors,” Miles said, taking up both of the champagne glasses in one of his hands. “This success was your doing, after all.”

Still lingering somewhere on the faraway side of dazed, Phoenix nodded and turned his attention to the bottle. Its cork yielded with a small, satisfying pop, and he poured out a glass for each of them as Miles allowed him. Once they both had their glasses and the bottle was placed down, Miles offered yet another smile and a word.

“Santé,” he said, touched the rim of his glass to Phoenix’s, and took a small sip of champagne. Phoenix intended to reply, but, finding his mouth dry, he took a rather larger sip of his own.

It took Phoenix a while—too long, he decided—to figure out what had been missing. The fact was that he hadn’t really been “missing” anything. He’d dedicated himself to helping Miles as much as Miles agreed to be helped, and Phoenix sailed through all the difficulty and anxiety with as much support and love as he could muster. It had all been fine, if frustrating. But this... Phoenix couldn’t explain it. It just... hit him, and, once he’d realized what it was, he found he wanted it even more.

Miles suddenly exuded confidence. Real, awesome confidence that brought an alluring glint to his eyes and a firm set to his jaw. It was everywhere, all at once: in his gaze, in his hands; in the tilt of his mouth and the breadth of his posture. No more shrinking, no more intense studies of random objects around his apartment—just Miles, exactly as he was meant to be known.

Phoenix was finished with his first glass of wine before Miles was done assessing his own; when he let out a brief, low moan of appreciation, Phoenix had to suppress a gasp.

“Very fine... finer than I expected, for something so cheap,” Miles remarked. His gaze, which had become so well-acquainted with the floor recently, remained resolutely on Phoenix. “Citrus flowers and apples... very fresh. You chose well.”

“W-well, I, uh... thanks. That’s good,” Phoenix muttered. He supposed the wine was good. It tasted like champagne, anyway. He liked champagne.

“Thank you,” Miles murmured, and somehow brought himself even closer to Phoenix without actually touching him. With no preamble at all, he pressed a hand to the back of Phoenix’s neck, and brought their lips into warm, champagne-laced contact. Phoenix’s hands clasped together around his glass to keep it from dropping, and to keep from grabbing Miles—or himself—violently. Thankfully, Miles smiled anyway when he pulled back, and took both champagne glasses to set them down on the coffee table before speaking again.

“I want to thank you, Phoenix,” he said lowly. Phoenix burbled for a moment before actually articulating anything.

“I thought you had already.” Miles laughed slightly and offered Phoenix the plate of cheeses, crackers and fruit.

“Hardly,” he drawled, watching Phoenix closely as he selected an especially large strawberry. Once he had, Miles placed the plate down again and stepped impossibly closer. “You’ve righted my life again, Phoenix.” Phoenix raised his eyebrows.

“Really?” He said, muffled, through the fruit in his mouth.

“Yes, ‘really.’ I shall be able to live much easier with the advent of... this,” Miles said, with a vague wave of his hand. “I’m very grateful to you for it.”

“Well, I mean, we both did it, didn’t we? Not just me. You had to actually do it,” Phoenix added. It was becoming increasingly difficult to think straight—if he’d ever really been able to—what with the way Miles’ eyes were boring into him.

“Phoenix, don’t you think you deserve some thanks?” Miles asked, walking his free hand slowly up the front of Phoenix’s hoodie. “After all you’ve done; after all the hours you’ve wasted on this... farce?”

“W-well... not ‘wasted,’ really,” Phoenix stuttered, as deft fingers undid the tie at his throat and began pulling the freed zipper down. “I was... trying to help you....”

“I think you deserve something.” Every one of Miles’ words poured into Phoenix’s ear; every one dripped, hot, from his ear to his throat to his heart, down across his ribs, and finally pooled heavily deep in his stomach. “Don’t you want it?”

“Yes! Yes, yes, I—b-but...!” Phoenix found himself at a strange edge. Yes, he wanted. Of course he did. He’d wanted since his return with the wine and Miles’ incredible choice of tone. He’d wanted since the first time he’d laid eyes on Miles in court. He’d wanted the moment he first read the notice of a “Demon Prosecutor” in the newspaper, and saw the sharp lines of Miles’ face as they’d been sculpted into adulthood. But they’d never even talked about sex before. Not really. They’d kissed, made out, even, but... this felt strange. Phoenix couldn’t place why, but something about this as their first time made his stomach squirm.

“But...?” Miles asked expectantly, resting the palms of both of his hands on Phoenix’s chest. Phoenix had almost forgotten that he’d begun speaking, and his brain took a good few seconds to access the thought he’d been trying to express.

“B-but... are you... sure?” Even then, Phoenix wasn’t quite sure he’d recaptured the entire thing. “I mean... I thought you hadn’t—”

“It doesn’t matter,” Miles said lowly, and leaned in for another kiss. A whisper away from Phoenix’s mouth, he breathed, “I want to do this for you.”

Phoenix wasn’t present for some time. Maybe he was there, physically—the sensations lit up his brain and his body and would later burn themselves into him as delicious memories—but consciousness, thought and reason escaped him for countless minutes. Next he knew, he was sitting on the edge of Miles’ bed, hands pressed into the incredibly soft comforter under him, and Miles was leaning over him, tall and dark and imposing in the twilight. Both of Miles’ hands were on him: one supporting his head, holding him up in anticipation of more kisses, and the other was pressed into the side of his neck.

“I want to do this for you,” Miles repeated. He might have said a hundred other things since the last time he’d said it, but, to Phoenix’s mind, the statement was starting to sound like a mantra. As he spoke, one of Miles’ hands moved up into Phoenix’s hair, and the other trailed down, over his shirtless chest (when did that happen?) down over his non-existent abs and onto the top of his thigh. Miles stared directly down into Phoenix’s eyes. Phoenix stared back.

“Are you really sure?” Phoenix asked on a heavy breath. Miles nodded, and his hand lightly squeezed Phoenix’s leg, laying his intent as bare as Phoenix’s chest. Struggling not to babble, Phoenix continued, “I mean... I can’t promise you I won’t just fall asleep after. That tends to... haaappen...” Phoenix groaned as Miles squeezed again, the inside of his thigh this time, “t-to me....”

Miles didn’t reply, but dragged his other hand purposefully down Phoenix’s frame, until both came to rest at the waistband of his pants. Once there, he looked up at Phoenix again, then leaned down and pulled them down quickly, more like a schoolboy prank than undressing his lover.

“I want to give this to you,” Miles said, deep in his chest. His eyes, focused blazingly upon Phoenix’s face before, seemed now to be glued to the bulge in his boxers. “I do.”

And then their lips were pressed together again and a hand was slipping into Phoenix’s underwear, and he only had half a second to consider just how ridiculous the scene must have looked—he, mostly-naked, writhing on the edge of the bed; his boyfriend hovering over him in a bespoke jacket and tie like he had a fancy wedding to get to—before Miles wrapped mysteriously slick fingers around him, and he was gone.

He could never have anticipated just how much that firmness, that persistence, that confidence in each of Miles’ movements would affect him. Whenever he’d imagined himself and Miles, it had been him in a dominant role, him pressing kisses to breathless lips and wrapping a hand around a hot, hard cock. It just followed from the way things were in their private life. But this... he’d never imagined it, never thought Miles was capable of this kind of glorious control. It brought Phoenix closer to completion faster than... ever. Within minutes, he was gasping against Miles’ lips; he grasped at the shoulders of his tailored jacket and his back and hips made hard, shallow thrusts into Miles’ perfect hand, and—

“Oh, Miles... yes...!”
