Obstruction: An "Ace Attorney" Fanfiction

Author: HoneyBeam521

*007*2020-06-29 01:08

A/N: Just a short phone call to set things up.

Chapter V: The Phone Call

“Edgeworth speaking.”

Phoenix stopped, struck hard by the wall of formality.

“Edgeworth speaking,” the voice repeated, now with a distinct edge.

“Hey,” Phoenix greeted airily. Perhaps a bit too airily, as he was interrupted almost immediately.

“What do you want, Wright?”

There wasn’t as much outright anger as he’d anticipated. There was something else: weariness.

“Um... what’s with all the ‘Wright’s and ‘Edgeworth’s?” Phoenix asked tentatively.

A second of silence, then: “I think that we rather left first names behind, wouldn’t you say? At the cinema?”

Phoenix had holed himself in his bedroom for this call, thrown on some sweatpants and crawled under his covers, and yet he still felt a nauseating chill pass through him.

“I... uh....”

“Yes?” So pointed and smooth. Phoenix swallowed.

“It’s just... uh....”

“Wright, if you have nothing of any pertinence to say to me, I’m hanging up.”

“It’s just... I... uh... wanted to talk to you about your... problem....”

“....”

“...Hello? Are you—?”

“I’m hanging up.”

“No—wait, wait, wait—just—” Phoenix scrambled for the right words, “just—listen for a second, would you?!”

There was a silence. Not just a pause, but several long, empty moments. Miles couldn’t have hung up, though. Phoenix checked his phone; they were still connected. After a little while, he could hear Miles breathing quietly on the other end.

“Wright,” he sighed eventually. Or perhaps it was “Right.” It was impossible to be entirely sure. Just as it was impossible for Phoenix to actually see the scowl adorning Miles’ face, though he was sure it was there. He thought he heard the whisper of a hand passing across a forehead, too. “All right. For a second. I’ll give you a minute, even, if you want it.”

“Uh... right.” Phoenix cleared his throat and went on, “So, you see, I know I went about things all wrong the other day, for starters. I messed up. I’m really sorry about that.” There was a small, derisive sniff on the other end of the call. “But I’ve been looking into all this stuff of yours—paruresis, the sites call it? Is that how you pronounce it?—and I really think that I could actually help. You know... you. With it.”

It was so much harder than he’d pictured it. Phoenix had had it all laid out in his head: He called, and confidently informed his estranged lover that he would do everything he could to lead him out of his bizarre form of despair. Miles naturally, gratefully, accepted. Together, they followed all the guides Phoenix had discovered with ease, and, within a month, all of their problems were resolved and they were happily living in some fashionable spot together.

In reality, there was a lot more silence than he would’ve liked. Every time he finished another one of his disjointed sentences, Miles took that time plus a half to even begin to reply. And every quiet moment made Phoenix begin sweating anew.

“That was hardly a minute,” Miles mumbled, low enough to have been to himself. Phoenix forged ahead.

“Well?”

“‘Well’ what?”

“Well... what do you think? About the help?” Phoenix sighed, “And, please, just answer me this time.”

“I....” Phoenix couldn’t help but to smile a little at Miles’ obvious discomfort. “I... well... I— why does it matter to you?”

“What?”

“Why does it matter?” Miles hissed lowly into his phone, as if he feared being overheard. Phoenix could suddenly hear every one of his breaths blowing into the microphone, and every hard syllable as it left Miles’ lips. “It didn’t matter until you... made it matter. I don’t see that it requires resolution. If we both simply continue on as we have been—”

“That’s just it Miles! Don’t you get it?!” Phoenix burst in. “I don’t want to ‘continue on as we have been’! I’m tired of you refusing to talk to me. I’m tired of this—this—lukewarm romance! I love you, Miles, and I want us to be together—together, you know? I want to see you all the time, every day... and... I don’t really see it happening if we just ignore something that’s going to keep us apart.”

Phoenix would have given anything to see Miles’ face just then. To know if he met with the idea with any hint of pleasure or shock. Revulsion, even. But he was given nothing, nothing at all but harsh, uneven breathing.

“Miles?” Phoenix asked quietly, before being shushed.

“I—I—”

“It’s okay. Take your time,” Phoenix replied in what he hoped was a soothing voice. Miles made a few more abortive attempts at replying before managing to speak coherently:

“I... I love you, too, Phoenix.” It came out in a whisper, so soft that Phoenix might have missed it altogether if he hadn’t been pressing the phone so tight to his ear. “And I would like us to be... together... as you say... but....”

“It is possible,” Phoenix supplied, sensing the probable end to his boyfriend’s sentence. “I’ve read that it’s possible. Other people have done it, especially when they’ve got someone there to help. I’ve learned a lot these past few days.”

“Where from?” Miles asked, clearly skeptical.

“The internet, of course.” Miles gave another haughty sniff in reply. “Hey, how did you expect me to find out about it? You didn’t even tell me what it was called.”

“No. No, you’re right,” Miles conceded. “Your research seems to have led you down the right path... for once. A shame you don’t put the same effort into your cases.”

“What? I—I put so much time into my last trial case! I had about twelve billable hours in research alone!” Phoenix cried. But he’d heard the smile in Miles’ voice; the grain of defensiveness in him was quick to crumble. “It doesn’t really matter, though. He’s looking like another candidate for pro bono anyway. And I didn’t call you to talk about work.”

“Well... what more do you want to talk about, then?” Miles’ voice came over, soft again; gentler.

Phoenix stopped, thinking. There was a lot he could’ve talked about. Sitting up in bed with the bedside lamp casting warm lights and shadows across him... he could’ve said anything. He’d imagined a lot, after all, while sitting in this exact spot in the middle of his over-large bed, illuminated by this light, wearing—or discarding—these same sweatpants... and Miles’ voice was there now, hanging just at the other end of the line, waiting for him—

“Phoenix?” It asked, suddenly, breaking and bolstering Phoenix’s reverie in the same word.

“Ah! Uh... what?” Phoenix gasped. Miles almost laughed, a little pleased hum of misplaced understanding into his phone. Phoenix shook his head sharply. “Right, I... really just wanted to schedule another time for us to meet up, to discuss this more. Whenever you can find it.” After a beat, Phoenix continued, “Soon. That can’t be too difficult, can it? I mean, you must be really good at finding time—”

“Yes, yes, alright,” Miles interrupted tersely. Maybe he wasn’t ready for jabs about this subject just yet. “Perhaps... Tuesday evening. I shall be off on Wednesday. We might have... sufficient time, then.”

“Sounds good to me. I’ll bring my notes. Your place?”

“Yes. I’ll order something in for us.”

“Great.” Phoenix absently thumbed the waistband of his sweatpants. “So—uh—did you want to talk about... anything else?”

“No.” The reply was broad and firm; it left no room for argument. “I really must be going. I have another early morning tomorrow.”

“Ah.” Phoenix thought he masked the disappointment in his voice quite well. “Guess I’ll let you go then.”

“Thank you. Good night, Phoenix.”

“Good night, Miles.”

*008*2020-06-29 04:34

A/N: Posting this here (only slightly, but still) prior to its AO3 release, as I've been neglecting this thread sorely. Hope you like it! I actually kind of do, as I feel like I'll be able to pivot pretty well from this into actual omo content....

Chapter VI: Parallax

The following Tuesday saw Phoenix back at Miles’ swanky apartment for the first time in weeks. The handsome brown leather and gunmetal corners of a briefcase didn’t exactly match with his short-sleeved button-up and jeans, but Phoenix hadn’t felt comfortable carrying his mountain of notes around in anything he couldn’t keep locked. So: the briefcase it was, unless he wanted to borrow one of Trucy’s trick chests.

He was let inside with a near-smile and greeted by a kitchen table filled with all the trappings of a cozy Italian dinner. The rich scent wafted warmly to him the moment he stepped in, and the dining room was wonderfully arranged, from the tall white candles to the fresh bread and pasta to the fragrant red wine. It could have been any other night from before That Night, and Phoenix was grateful for it.

He couldn’t quite tell if Miles was. Though he’d set up the dinner to perfection, and he sort-of smiled and he called Phoenix by his first name, little things seemed to oppose the idyllic setting: Miles fiddled with his wine glass periodically, only sipped at it once that Phoenix noticed, and he barely met Phoenix’s eyes. He did manage to laugh when Phoenix dropped a joke, but the sound fell out of him dry and unsteady.

When they were just about done with dinner, Phoenix reached across the table and grasped Miles’ chilly hand.

“You don’t have to worry so much,” he said, smiling and seeking his boyfriend’s leaden eyes. “We’re just going to talk tonight. And you can tell me as much or as little as you want. No pressure.” Miles smirked into his half-empty plate. “Come on, let’s get everything cleaned up. Then we can just relax and talk.”

“Yes... all right,” Miles said, and they adjourned to the sink. In about fifteen minutes they had all the food packed away and the dishes put into the dish washer; once their hands were dry, Phoenix took Miles’ once more and led him into the living room, a sleek, almost Spartan space decorated sparsely in black and white and glass. There, he let go of him again to flop down in an armchair situated at the end of the low glass-topped coffee table.

“Why don’t you take a seat on the couch? You can even lie down, if you want,” Phoenix offered. Miles narrowed his eyes.

“What are you, my therapist?” He asked, and gingerly set his wine down on the table.

“Your sexy therapist,” Phoenix replied with a tilt to an eyebrow and a corner of his mouth. Miles let out another dry laugh (though Phoenix liked to think that it had a little more body than the last) and sat down on the middle couch cushion. Phoenix took up his briefcase and began shuffling through the papers inside until he found his first page of notes. “Aha! Now, then... like I said... I just wanted us to talk. Maybe you could just... start... by....” He perused the pages for a few seconds, “Uh... well, start by telling me a little bit about the problem.”

As always—or, rather, as it had been since all this had begun—Miles was silent. He fell at once into a state of contemplation, leaning forward with his elbow on his knee and a hand over his mouth. It was maybe thirty seconds before he replied, sighing,

“Well... I suppose that I didn’t think it a ‘problem’ until recently.” His gaze was fixed, focused just as it had been on That Night and during the intermission of the Cinema Disaster. “I... I had learned to live with it. Quite well, if I do say so myself. I—” He paused, and swallowed. “I never had to worry about waiting until I was home alone, or in a hotel en suite. I’d learned how to do everything I needed to. I... had control over it.”

“Okay, you’re going to have to tell me something about that,” Phoenix replied. Miles turned a rather wide gaze on him.

“About... what, precisely?” His voice wasn’t exactly tremulous, but it hardly sounded enthusiastic about leaving Miles’ mouth. Phoenix shrugged.

“I don’t know, just... how you ‘learned to live with it.’” Phoenix leaned back in his seat with his lapful of papers. Maybe, just maybe, if he managed a completely casual attitude, a little of his own tranquility might osmose into Miles. “I mean, I can’t say I have the biggest bladder around—” Miles seemed to choke a little, despite having not touched his wine— “but I also can’t imagine an entire work day without going to the bathroom. And what about when you travel? How do you do it?”

Red began filtering into Miles’ face at the question, starting with the very points of his cheeks and nose, and his gaze settled resolutely forward.

“I’ve... learned, very well, how much I can safely drink,” he murmured, nearly into his hand. “It took some time... but it was fairly simple to determine. Simple cause-and-effect. I’ve learned how to limit myself. At this point, I daresay that people don’t even notice.”

“I mean, you’re right. You’re definitely right. I never noticed,” Phoenix said. “But... doesn’t that hurt you?”

“I don’t think so,” he replied firmly. Phoenix frowned.

“Hmm... well, what about That Night?”

“Excuse me?”

“I mean the night when you told me. About this.” Miles’ fingers drifted to rest wholly over his lips. “What went wrong?”

“I’d had two glasses of Lambrusco with dinner, and no water,” Miles replied after several moments, with his hand barely out of the way. “You were to stay until the end of the film, which would have put your departure at around 10 o’clock PM. At most I would expect some discomfort at that hour, nothing... damning.”

Phoenix raised a skeptical eyebrow. “And? What happened?”

“You fell asleep about halfway into the movie. With your head on my leg.” Miles paused, and the bit of his mouth that was visible crept into a smile. “You were so... adorable. I just couldn’t bring myself to wake you.”

“‘Adorable,’ eh?” Phoenix smiled too, and the once-skeptical eyebrow took on a distinct waggle. “Good to know. I’ll have to remember that. Make sure to fall asleep on you more often. But it would’ve been a lot better to know how adorable you find me before all of this went down.”

“I thought you were going for ‘sexy’ tonight,” Miles remarked, reaching for his glass of wine and taking a small sip.

“I was going for ‘Sexy Therapist,’ actually, and now that we’re back on the subject....” Phoenix took up his notes again. “You never actually answered my first question. So I’ll ask you again: Can you tell me a little about your problem? Tell me what it is for you, at least.”

Miles, glass still in hand, stared into the reddish depths as his face struggled to match them in color and vibrancy. The fingers of his other hand took to drumming his bottom lip.

“It’s okay,” Phoenix broke in, after nearly a minute of quiet. “If you don’t feel like it, you don’t have—”

“I can’t void in the presence of others. It’s impossible for me,” Miles said slowly. He stopped for several moments, apparently intent on glowering at his drink. “It started at school, I think. Nothing was ever clean at school, not like at home. There was no privacy, and people could hear me, and then... it became difficult. It became so much easier, better to just wait until I got home... I never had to humiliate myself by asking permission; I never had to worry about being noticed or heard... and then there was von Karma.”

“I wondered when that name was going to show up,” Phoenix sighed. “What happened with him?”

Miles began to swirl the nearly-full glass of wine in his hand. “We were leaving the courthouse,” he said, a little faraway now. “I was... perhaps eleven, or twelve... I’d made a mistake. I had to use the facilities before we left. I was dismissed, but I persisted... then I was told to ‘be quick about it.’ So I tried.” Miles put the wine glass down and folded his hands convulsively. “I tried, and... it didn’t work. Every second in which I failed seemed to last... forever, and then—and then there was yelling, and—I couldn’t. Still. When he’d had enough, he took me away and put me in his car and made me suffer the ride back to von Karma Manor, humiliated, and—!”

Miles breathed at last, but it was a shaking, faintly wheezing sound, and he’d pressed his face into his hand. Phoenix was quiet then—he hadn’t prepared for a deluge.

“I’m sorry,” he said eventually, though the words sounded lame and ineffective in his head. “I’m... really sorry, Miles.” He thought for a few moments more, scooted up to the edge of his chair, and continued energetically. “But—but you’re not a kid anymore! No one’s pushing you around like that! You don’t have to keep on holding it all the time. You shouldn’t! It can’t be good for you.”

“Like I said before,” Miles said grimly, “I have to. I can’t do otherwise. I have had occasion to make attempts at... correction... but nothing has ever worked.”

“What have you done? In support of ‘correction,’ I mean,” Phoenix asked. Miles shifted in his seat.

“W-well... just... attempting... public places... the restroom at my office, restaurants....” He muttered, as though he could avoid the embarrassment the words clearly caused him if they tripped off his tongue quickly enough. “But nothing has ever come of it, no matter how... extreme my condition.”

“Just a minute—let me see—” Phoenix began shuffling through his papers again. “Let me—ah, yes, here we go! Have you ever tried having a Pee Partner?”

“I—I beg your pardon?!” Miles could hardly have looked more aghast if he’d tried: Eyes wide, face flushed and hands grasping his elbows, he looked rather like Phoenix had just begun speaking to him in tongues—and said something particularly outrageous, besides.

“The materials talk about it a lot. Having someone there to help you, especially with the first few steps,” Phoenix said, lightly tapping one such material with the tips of his fingers. “You’re supposed to make a list, you see, of the places and situations that are the most distressing for you to pee in. Then you go through them with your partner. They’ll start far away, but get closer as you begin to get more comfortable with going in front of them. The theory is—”

“Yes, yes, I think I understand,” Miles said, and dropped his eyes to the floor. “Who is this partner supposed to be?”

“Well, they say that you’re supposed to find someone else who’s had these issues. Someone who understands what it’s like and has already overcome it, at least to a degree. I’ve got a list of contacts right here if you want to look at it—there’s even a couple of them here in L.A.”

Miles took the page and scanned it unblinkingly before he spoke.

“Do you think... er...” Miles wavered on the words, but ultimately forged on after a swallow, “do you think that... you could do it?”

“M-me?” Phoenix stuttered. “I mean... well, you know I haven’t had any experience. You’re supposed to find someone else who’s lived it, I think. They’d know how to advise you and all.”

“Yes, I know... but....” Miles leaned over and looked directly at Phoenix again. After a second of apparent debate, he reached out and prized Phoenix’s hand away from the pile of papers to take it in his own. “Phoenix, I really can’t imagine trusting anyone else with this.”

Despite all his notes said, despite all the talk of professionalism and keeping personal relationships out of treatment, Phoenix grinned; despite the fact that he had no real knowledge apart from his research and no idea what he was doing, he put the papers aside, leaned forward and kissed Miles soundly on the lips, framing his face in his hands. When they broke apart, he leaned their foreheads together.

“Of course I’ll help you,” he said quietly into the small, warm space between them. “I’d be glad to. And besides... I’ll have to do something once my Sexy Therapy License is revoked.”

“...What?” Miles asked, breathlessly bewildered. Phoenix motioned between them.

“Fraternizing with a patient. The Sexy Board won’t look too kindly on it.” Miles moved away, smiling, and shook his head.

“You’re an idiot,” he laughed, and took up his glass once more for a few swallows of his wine. Phoenix laughed along with him, then smirked.

“Wait, does this mean you’re ready to start now?” Phoenix asked, nodding towards the glass of wine. Miles put it down again with a loud click of glass against glass.

“No,” he said definitely, and stood, offering a hand for Phoenix to do the same. “It means that, while I do appreciate your efforts, I think it’s about time that we parted for the evening.”

“Well, then... when will we start?” Phoenix asked as he shoved his notes into his briefcase. “You said you have the day off tomorrow, right? What about then? There’s not much going on at the office right now. I could come down here in the afternoon.”

“...Yes. All right.” Miles said shortly. He hardly seemed convinced by his own assent.

“I want you to make that list, if you can,” Phoenix said. “Ten places or scenarios, from the least- to the most-... frightening? Concerning? However you think of it. Oh, and have a lot of water handy.” The color that had just about emptied from Miles’ face returned with sudden intensity.

“We live in the city, Wright; I don’t anticipate any shortage of—” Phoenix crept up on him with another light kiss before heading for the doorway.

“Until tomorrow, then,” he said, winked, and passed out into the hallway with a grin on his face

*009*2020-08-12 13:59

A/N: Guess what? I still haven't manged to do some real omo content. I'm thinking it'll come in a chapter or two, when Edgey-boy gets beyond the initial anxiety; I just can't abide feeling like he's being pushed (figuratively-speaking, anyhow.) I want this to be nice and fluffy and stuff despite it all!

Hope that you enjoy, as per usual; comments are cherished and loved!

Chapter VII: Poker

“Phoenix... we have to stop.”

“Now? Really?”

“Yes—now—really.”

“Okay... fine.”

Phoenix opened the apartment door and took a step inside; Miles stepped out of his washroom door in the same moment, absolutely red-faced, with one hand clenched at his side and the other splayed over his mouth. Phoenix sighed and flopped down on the sofa.

“So....” He trailed off, and waved his hand vaguely. “What do you want to do now?”

Miles shook his head and didn’t respond at once. He walked—with small, uneven steps—over to the end of the sofa. He looked as though he were about to sit for a moment, but stopped himself, and ended up standing there with his body held perfectly perpendicular to the floor.

“I don’t know,” he mumbled into his palm. Phoenix sighed again, louder this time. They were both quiet for several moments, but the quiet wasn’t silent; Miles’ breaths were loud and uneven through his fingers.

“Are you—?”

“I just—”

They both cut themselves off as their voices crossed over one another.

“Go on,” Phoenix said, and leaned back in his seat, watching Miles’ face. It seemed that it really had hit a point of saturation; otherwise more color definitely would have been flooding into his cheeks, if the timbre of his voice was any indication.

“I—just—I—” He stuttered, and stopped himself. Phoenix’s gaze shifted, taking in the entire image his boyfriend presented to him: Dressed in his most casual attire—a burgundy button-down tucked tightly into black slacks finer than anything Phoenix owned—Miles would’ve appeared normal to anyone else, if a little overdressed. But from where he was sitting, Phoenix could easily make out the slight convex bulge peeking out just below Miles’ stomach; he could see the fine drops of sweat glistening at his temples and heard the strange, barely-audible noise that caught in his throat just before he spoke. “It’s just... it isn’t working. I can’t.”

Phoenix dragged his gaze back up to Miles’ face. “You can! Look, I know this is stressful for you and all but... we haven’t even been at it for that long,” he sighed, and glanced at his watch. “You’ve only been trying to go for, what... twenty minutes? Don’t you think we could try a bit longer?” Miles shook his head minutely.

“No... not right now... I feel....” He swallowed. “I feel... like my heart shall burst out of my chest.”

Phoenix raised a distinctly doubtful eyebrow. “And how else do you feel?”

“F-fine!” Miles countered at once. “Perfectly fine....”

“Hmm.” Phoenix thought for a moment or two. “Do you want to know what I think?” He looked back over at Miles, whose eyes were focused very attentively on the crook of his own left arm.

“...I don’t know,” Miles muttered.

“Well, I’m going to tell you anyway: I think we might have to go back a step in your list.” Miles furrowed his already-furrowed browed gaze.

“We’re on the first step, Phoenix,” he said flatly.

“Yeah, I know,” Phoenix said with a shrug. “But I think we might’ve skipped something.”

“And what, pray tell, is that?” There was a bit of a bite to Miles’ voice. Phoenix chose to take it as a good sign.

“I think you’re still too nervous to begin with. We’re going to have to get you calmed down and...” Phoenix fished for the right word for a second or two, “used... to having to pee. To the thought and the feeling and to letting people—me, at least—know about it.”

Miles shook his head once, with sharp finality. “N-no, no... I... I don’t want to... talk about it anymore. The subject is so... it’s... I really don’t like it at all.”

“That’s exactly my point!” Phoenix reached for his pile of papers and smacked the one he was looking for with the backs of his knuckles. “Yeah, yeah... it says here that ‘for some paruretics, the anxiety associated with even the contemplation of the act of urination exacerbates symptoms.’” He looked up at Miles’ very still form next to the couch as he finished. “Well? Doesn’t that sound like you?”

“Ngh... perhaps....” Miles clutched suddenly at his elbows, and began shifting slightly from foot to foot. Phoenix offered him a smile.

“It does. And you know what? I really think we can do something about it. Get you used to thinking about it, to talking about it....” Phoenix stood, then, and turned around to put his hands on Miles’ shoulders. Miles flinched. “Starting with you admitting that you have to go.”

Miles sucked in a gasp laced with indignation. “But—I—”

“Look, I’m not upset, and I won’t be,” Phoenix said carefully. “Just tell me: Do you have to go?”

Miles shook his head silently, and took several moments to begin to form a response.

“I... I don—”

“Do you think I’m stupid?” Phoenix cut in.

“What?” Miles looked up at once, clearly derailed from some familiar mental track.

“I just asked you if you think I’m stupid,” Phoenix repeated, distinctly enunciating every syllable. “Do you?”

Miles’ eyes widened perceptibly, and he clutched his elbows all the tighter. “Certainly not! What brings—”

“Well, you must,” Phoenix continued. “If you were about to say what I think you were... then you must. Or else you’re not actually prepared to be trying this, and you should probably have another glass or two of water. One or the other.”

“Th-that’s—!” Miles looked as if he would have reeled back, were he capable of such extreme movement just then. Had he really never had anyone else turn his own ruthless logic against him this way? Did he really think he could escape Phoenix of all people with his comfortable lies?

“It’s really not that hard,” Phoenix said quietly. “Look, I’ll say it now: I have to pee. See? Not hard. And it doesn’t make you angry with me, does it?”

“N-no....” Miles was clearly struggling under the weight of Phoenix’s argument, enough that his left hand drifted up to rest a finger on his temple. But he didn’t fold immediately. “But—”

“Do you feel embarrassed for me? Upset with me?”

“No! Of course I don’t....”

“Well, then. You could try taking the same attitude towards yourself, don’t you think?” Phoenix offered brightly. Miles struggled on the edge of a word for several moments.

“B-but... but....”

“‘But’ what? Is the Great Miles Edgeworth really a god, immune to the bodily functions of us mere mortals? Is he really so much more controlled than everyone else who’s ever walked the planet—?”

“All right, all right—fine.” Miles shifted unsteadily, his eyes nailed to the floor between them. “I... er... I... have to... I... would like to...” He paused before the last word, as though uttering it would actually kill him. “...V-void.”

“Close enough!” Phoenix declared, and patted his boyfriend heartily on the shoulder. Miles let out another soft, indefinable noise. “Right. Good. Practice that. I’m going to go out for a little while, and when I come back, we’re going to work on getting you relaxed when you need to pee.”

“Er... does that mean... I mean... should I—?” Miles gestured vaguely towards the bathroom.

“Yeah, you should probably go now. And try to calm down a little while I’m gone, would you?” Phoenix paused and thought for a second. “Come to think of it, what do you usually do to relax?”

Miles thought in return. “I... don’t have any prescribed routine. Tea, perhaps?”

“Hmm. Well, we don’t want to get any diuretics in you right now.” Miles fingers twitched against his arm. “I’ll try to find something to help while I’m out. I’ll be back in half an hour, okay?”

“Okay.”

They exchanged light kisses on the cheek before Phoenix headed out into the world. He wasn’t sure where he was going, at first—he’d really just needed an excuse to leave before Miles burst—and eventually decided to make a trip back to his own place for a diversion. Miles owned enough Steel Samurai seasons to last them multiple lifetimes, but Phoenix was looking for something for them to do together that involved a little more communication, and a little more concentration. Maybe, then, they’d manage to get to the bottom of this. The beginning of the bottom of this, anyway.

After waffling between a video game and an ill-used portable chess set for a while, Phoenix gave both options up in favor of a pack of playing cards and a handful of poker chips. It was almost forty-five minutes later when he returned to Miles’ place; he found Miles there sitting on the sofa with his glass of water, hand over his mouth and paleness back in his face, glaring into the spotless glass surface of his coffee table. So much for “relaxation.” Phoenix took a few steps in and slammed the front door shut behind him, waking his partner out of whatever reverie he’d caught himself in.

“Sorry for taking so long,” Phoenix greeted cheerily. “You feeling better?”

The color returned immediately—a dusting, at least—across Miles’ cheeks and nose. “Yes. Thank you.”

Phoenix smiled. “Well, that’s good, isn’t it? Congratulations, babe.”

“I don’t... what?” Miles deigned to meet Phoenix’s eyes, if only to fix him with a gaze narrowed in bemusement.

“You’ve completed the first step! Well, step zero, I suppose,” Phoenix mused. “You managed to go to the bathroom with me existing anywhere on the planet. Heck, with a lot of people existing in places on this planet!” Miles groaned and turned away again. “Hey, that’s good, isn’t it? Progress.”

“You’re not funny, Phoenix,” Miles said into his hand. “I really wish that you’d stop... making light of all of this.”

“You see, my dear,” Phoenix began, flopped down on the sofa, and allowed an arm to rest easily over his boyfriend’s bow-taut shoulders, “you’re taking ‘all of this’ way too seriously. It’s a problem. And it’s exactly what I want to help you with today.” He pulled the pack of cards out of his sweatshirt pocket and shook them slightly.

Miles looked over and observed the cards impassively. “By returning to your gambling addiction?”

“No!” Phoenix cried in defense. He opened the deck and dumped it into his hands; as soon as the cards hit his palms, they took to eager, subconscious shuffling. “I just think this’ll be something good to do while we wait for you to try again. I think you’ll find it relaxing after a while. And we can talk during the games, and it’ll keep your mind occupied, and—”

“With poker, you mean?” Miles interrupted.

“Naturally.” Phoenix stood again, walking the waterfalling cards across the room and over to the kitchen door. “Come on. We’ll play at the kitchen table.”

“And what if I told you that I don’t know how to play?” A loud, staccato laugh burst from Phoenix. He pushed the rest back inside his throat before replying,

“Even better! I’ll teach you. Then you’ll really have to bend your mind around it! Less room for distraction.” Phoenix made another encouraging motion towards the kitchen; Miles began to follow slowly. “Bring your water, though! We’re not done just yet.”

Miles grimaced, and blushed, and snatched his nearly-full glass of water from the coffee table. Phoenix got one for himself—a bit of solidarity never hurt anybody—and began to explain the rules of a five-card draw game at Miles’ pristine black granite table.

It didn’t take long for Phoenix to lay out everything and for them to begin playing without much pause. Miles, for all his recent displays of discomfiture, turned out to be quite good at maintaining stoicism during his hands. Not good enough that Phoenix couldn’t read him, of course—Phoenix had just about memorized the hundred or so varieties of glare Miles had in his repertoire—but better than most newcomers. They sipped at their drinks (at Phoenix’s encouragement) and chatted about this and that as they played, and it seemed to Phoenix that they were finally heading towards something like “relaxation.”

After about an hour of winning hands, though—

“Wait,” Phoenix sat, stunned, staring down at the hands laid out on the table: His own, a pair of kings, and Miles’, three sevens. “I lost?! How did I—?”

Phoenix ran down the facts in his head: He’d dealt the cards. They’d looked at their hands. Miles had grimaced just a little as he looked at his, and sighed as he’d rearranged the cards. He’d crossed his legs and begun drumming his fingers on the table after changing two of them, and sighed a second time when he looked at his new hand. He’d shifted in his seat, and had glanced repeatedly at Phoenix as he changed his own....

“Oh.” The realization hit Phoenix like a stiff slap to the face. Too bad he’d already sacrificed his winning streak. “How... uh... how are you feeling, Miles? Okay?”

“Yes, of course,” Miles replied tersely, concentrating very hard on clearing up the old cards and shuffling them inexpertly together. Phoenix levelled a hard gaze at him.

“Oh, yeah?” Phoenix asked, making absolutely no effort to keep the skepticism out of his tone. If anything, he leaned into it. “You always shift around like that, then? You always cross your legs? I’d never noticed before. I could swear I’ve never seen you do that in court....” Miles slammed his hand down on the table, sending a few of the cards fluttering off the top of the deck and onto the floor.

“What do you want me to say, Phoenix?” He demanded abruptly. “Do you want me to just... describe every one of my physical feelings to you? You want me to tell you every time I have to—to—”

“Yeah, I think I do, actually,” Phoenix replied. He sat back, folded his arms, crossed one leg coolly over the other, and maintained a firm gaze even as Miles’ began to falter. “Tell me. Tell me what you’re feeling right now.”

Miles looked at Phoenix, astounded, for a second, before dropping his eyes again. Phoenix groaned out loud; Miles curled his hand into a fist and remained mute.

“How about I tell you what I’m feeling, then?” Phoenix asked the unbearably sharp silence. “I’m pretty frustrated, actually. And a bit uncomfortable. I have to go to the bathroom. All that water, you know. Hold on a minute—I’ll be back.”

Phoenix broke off his gaze and walked resolutely out the door, through the living room and into Miles’ washroom. It, like everything in Miles’ apartment, was really quite nice, if a little too clean for Phoenix’s tastes. Not to say that he liked his bathrooms dirty, of course, but the shocking air of cleanliness in this one made actually using the facilities a little unsettling.

After a quick use of the toilet and wash of the hands, Phoenix returned to his partner at his place at the kitchen table. Miles was still sitting there, legs crossed tight, but had since put his arms up on the table and buried his face in his hands. His glasses had managed to end up on the floor, along with a few more cards and some of the chips. Phoenix approached quietly, picked up the discarded frames, and rested a hand on Miles’ shoulder.

“Hey,” he said gently, “I thought you said ‘no elbows on the table.’”

Miles breathed audibly through his nose, pulled his arms in to his chest, and looked back at Phoenix, as red-faced as he’d been at the start of the day.

“I’m not fit for this, Phoenix,” he said, in a low, small voice. “I’m not like you; I’m not....”

“A loud-mouthed cretin who’s always blabbing about how he feels?” Phoenix offered. Miles nearly smiled.

“No, no.... It’s just that... I’m not candid. Not enough. Not even for you, when you ask,” he sighed, and accepted his glasses back wearily. “But the words pain me... so much.”

“I know,” Phoenix responded softly, and reached out to smooth one of Miles’ bangs behind his ear. “I think we can get there.” Miles let out a sardonic half-laugh. “No, really, I do. I think we just have to get used to talking about it. And doing it. We’ve both got to try a little harder.”

They remained there for several moments, Phoenix absently toying with Miles’ soft silvery hair and Miles staring off towards the ceiling, lacing his long fingers convulsively around one another. He spoke eventually, but so quietly that Phoenix couldn’t make it out.

“What was that?” Phoenix whispered along with him.

“I hate this feeling. Having to... urinate,” he said, very softly, but, Phoenix thought, without quite so much mortification. “Whenever it happens, whenever anyone else is about... anxiety takes hold. Then... the need becomes stronger, and... the feelings... they feed into and upon one another. It’s really just horrible.”

“Do you feel that way now?” Phoenix asked.

“A little, yes,” Miles admitted. Phoenix took a moment for thought, removed his hands from his boyfriend’s hair, and made his way back around to the other side of the table after picking up the scattered chips and cards from the floor.

“Let’s play a little more, then, shall we?” Phoenix asked. The cards in his hands began flying almost as soon as they reached his fingers. Miles’ eyes widened. “You can make it for a little while longer, can’t you?”

“I suppose,” Miles murmured, almost meekly. Phoenix dealt out ten cards and placed the deck between them.

“Don’t worry. You can just tell me when it gets to be too much,” he assured him, and picked up his hand. “Looking good over there?”

Miles picked up his cards, glanced across the table, and slapped his mask of stoicism back on. “I couldn’t say. Three cards, please.”

They continued on in this fashion—playing, Phoenix making attempts at friendly chatter, Miles responding as well he could—for some time. Longer than Phoenix expected. Long enough that Phoenix began to be able to read Miles even through the urgency that twisted his body and expressions. It was more than an hour later when Miles at last put his cards down, shivered, and folded his hands together before him.

“I think that’s about enough for this afternoon,” he proclaimed tightly, but managed a ghost of a smile. Phoenix smiled back.

“That bad a hand, huh?” He asked, drawing all the cards on the table back into his hands and into their box. Miles glowered. “Kidding, kidding. But, uh... why do you want to stop now?”

Miles stared. “Th-that’s... it’s obvious, isn’t it?” He asked in a rush, caught, it seemed, between the embarrassment of speaking and the embarrassment his body was causing him.

“Yes,” Phoenix said. Miles was right. It was obvious. Miles had spent the last half hour in quite a state: crossing and uncrossing his legs and contorting his spine and clenching and stretching and tapping his fingers. His voice had been, rather than the baritone work of art that Phoenix was used to, a strained, anguished thing. There’d been a time—an unexpected twinge, maybe?—that had had him gasping and groaning; the hand with his cards had trembled and the other pressed suddenly into his upper thigh. Yes, it was obvious. “I still want you to tell me, though. ‘Progress’ and all.”

“‘Progress’... yes....” Miles took several seconds and several heavy breaths before he could continue, but he did: “I... have to use the restroom... and I’d prefer if you left. For now.”

“Great. That’s really good, you know, Miles,” he replied cheerfully. Miles’ flush deepened and his eyes dropped, but this time they were accompanied by a small smile. “Keep on doing that. I’ll get out of your hair. But we’ll have to do this again soon; the guides recommend doing this a few times a week. I guess with work it’ll have to be only a couple, but maybe on Saturday we can... hey, are you coming with me?”

Phoenix had been walking out of the room as he spoke. Miles remained resolutely contorted in his chair.

“No, I... feel free to show yourself out,” he returned, again in that strange, small voice. Phoenix sighed, crossed the step over to the table, and kissed him quickly on the lips.

“Okay. Saturday, then,” Phoenix declared.

“Saturday,” Miles replied, focusing quite hard on the subtle stripe in the granite of his table.

“I’ll bring the cards again.”

“Yes.”

“Text if you want to talk or anything.”

“Yes, yes.”

“Okay, well... enjoy your kitchen.” Phoenix waved, and made his way out.

###

He shouldn’t have hung around Miles’ apartment door after he’d said he’d go. He definitely shouldn’t have. But, he thought, listening to the quick, light steps, and the clicks of two locks, and the slam of a door inside Miles’ apartment, it might be good to let him know that he’d managed to complete his first step without even trying.
