Mia and Mika

Author: Holdit4me

*000*2024-08-04 23:26

Mia entered her driveway - moving much too fast, as usual - and breathed a sigh of relief. There were no other cars parked in front of the house, which meant that not only were her parents not home, her twin sister Mika was out somewhere as well.

This was a welcome development for Mia because, not to put too fine a point on it, she NEEDED TO PEE. She had needed to pee since before the beginning of U. B. Holden College’s soccer match nearly two-and-a-half hours ago, and had NEEDED TO PEE since just after halftime.

As the star striker, and by far her team’s best player, Mia spent virtually the entire match on the field, leaving no time for a bathroom break, and even if she’d been the lowliest scrub on the roster who never saw playing time, it wouldn’t have mattered because there were no bathrooms at Holden College’s tiny soccer field.

After the match ended, a 2-1 victory for Holden which saw Mia score both goals for the victors, she had lined up to shake hands with today’s opponents, thinking of nothing but holding back the flood threatening to gush out of her, while not making her intense need obvious to the players, coaches, officials and fans who’d attended the game.

It wasn’t easy, but Mia was used to dealing with the steadily increasing desperation, as was every Holden College player. She could always identify the visiting colleges’ rookies by the end of the game, as they had invariably not been warned of the bathroom situation and ended up running in place, jiggling their legs and in general making their desperation obvious to anyone paying attention.

Mia always paid attention.

The Holden College players had requested port-a-potties dozens of times since Mia’s freshman year at Holden and for whatever reason the school’s administrators had never granted the request. By now, twenty-two year old Mia’s senior year, she and all the other veteran players had long-since stopped worrying about the situation, having learned to monitor their fluid intake even on the hottest of game days, enough to hold it throughout the ninety minutes of playing time.

With the post-game sportsmanship ritual complete - Mia pretty sure she’d been able to disguise her need adequately, some of the opposing players not so much - she briefly considered driving back to the Holden campus. She needed to shower, but mostly she really NEEDED TO PEE, today more than usual after a game.

Ultimately, though, she decided to hold it until arriving home. The Holden campus was in the opposite direction from her house. Plus, and Mia would never have admitted this to anyone, but she kind of enjoyed having to wait. The steadily increasing pressure, the little waves of desperation as her need increased, the goosebumps that would appear on her arm as she squeezed hard to avoid any leaks.

It was exciting and fun, and a little secret she could keep from the world.

And it was kind of a turn-on, something else she would have died before ever admitting to anyone.

Now, as she sat in the car gathering herself for the walk inside, Mia felt herself breathing in little half-gasps, not wanting to put the pressure on her bladder that would result from taking deep breaths.

“Wow,” she whispered to no one, alone in her car, “you really did misjudge how much to drink during today’s game.” Her bladder throbbed as she unconsciously slid her butt back and forth on her car’s seat, eventually turning half-sideways on the seat’s front edge, just enough to get a LITTLE pressure where she needed it, helping hold back the impending flood.

She knew every minute she waited to cross the front yard and enter the house was one minute more time the water she’d drunk could gather in her bladder, so finally she looked around - no neighbors outside the she could see - blew a breath out forcefully, grabbed her equipment bag, and opened her car door.

***

Mika peered out her bedroom window at her twin. Mia was still dressed in her soccer uniform, sitting in her parked car squirming like a little girl. She clearly needed to pee very badly and was just as clearly working up the courage to step out of her car and run into the house.

And straight to the bathroom.

Mika had seen this particular performance - or something similar - many times after Holden’s home soccer games and quite often after practices as well. Her twin clearly loved being desperate, Mika knew that had to be the case, because anyone who didn’t want to come home squirming and shaking would by now have figured out some way to avoid it.

Mika doubted anyone else knew about Mia’s…odd little fetish…but she sure as hell did. It couldn’t have been more obvious.

She watched with a little grin as the car door finally sprang open and out stepped the blonde, 5’4” soccer star. She had no sooner climbed out of the car than she pretzeled her legs together and bent at the waist, holding onto the door for support. She looked like a ballerina performing some bizarre little dance.

It was obvious to Mika that her sister’s situation was even worse today than usual.

Mia dropped her equipment bag onto the driveway and grabbed at her crotch with both hands. Even from Mika’s upstairs bedroom she could plainly see her sister’s hands kneading at herself, trying to push back the pee that was demanding to come out.

MIka watched her sister blow three breaths out, one after the other, obviously steeling herself for what was to come. Then she picked up her equipment bag and set off for the front door, walking in tight little mincing steps, stopping every few seconds to do what amounted almost to a deep knee bend, and then continue her halting march toward the house.

Finally Mia disappeared from sight as Mika heard the front door crash open. Mika expected to hear the heavy footfalls of her sister in an all-out sprint for the bathroom and the relief she so obviously needed.

Again, Mika had seen and/or heard this scenario play out many times.

She listened for the pounding, running steps, for the slamming of the bathroom door, and when neither sound was forthcoming, Mika felt her eyebrows knit together in confusion.

This was an unexpected development.

Mika moved to her bedroom door, silently opened it, and then crept down the stairs, determined to stay out of Mia’s sight but also determined to find out just what the hell was going on.

***

Mia had intended to charge to the bathroom like she was charging toward an opponent’s goal the very moment she’d gotten inside the house, but after closing the front door she’d reconsidered.

Did she need to pee desperately? Yes.

Was the ocean of water hammering at her sphincter, demanding to be released after many hours trapped inside her admittedly small bladder? Also yes.

But the feeling of desperation was so…delicious, almost sexual in the effect it had on her, her breath coming in ragged hitches, her blood pounding in her veins, her entire body shaking with desire. And, yes, her clit pounding in unison with her elevated heartbeat.

And there was almost always someone home when she arrived needing to pee. Mika may have been her twin, but she’d never been drawn to sports the way Mia was, and so despite the fact she was a student at Holden as well, Mika usually came straight home after classes and thus almost always beat Mia home by several hours.

But Mika’s car was gone, which meant Mika was gone, which meant…”I can wait just a little bit longer if I want to,” Mia mumbled to herself, her voice breathy and shaky, sounding like someone else, someone Mia didn’t know, someone who REALLY needed to pee. “And I want to.”

She knew waiting too much longer was out of the question. When she’d stepped out of her car she’d leaked into her panties, a brief but firehose-strong spurt she’d almost been unable to stop. But she had stopped it, through a force of will and clenching down harder than she thought she’d ever done.

And she’d almost had an orgasm right then and there. Standing in the driveway, touching herself only through her uniform shorts and her now-wet panties.

Mia high-stepped in place, one hand on her crotch, her middle finger pressed as hard as she could manage into her peehole. Her throbbing clit she rubbed for just a second, drawing in a gasp that was equal parts pleasure and desperation.

The feeling was indescribable, and as she softly chanted “Hold it in, hold it in, hold it in,” she was unable to stifle a slightly less-soft moan.

She was panting now, partly from the strain of holding in all that pee, partly from steadily building sexual arousal. Mia was lost in a world of desperation, her entire body pounding with need, as she wriggled and squirmed and bounced in place, just outside the bathroom door.

She moaned again, wanting to continue holding it, but knowing that if she didn’t sit her ass on the toilet in the next few seconds and let it all out, it would burst out of her anyway, flooding her panties and shorts, and the hallway floor.

And that sounded just fine to Mia, but somewhere in the far reaches of her fevered mind she knew Mika could walk in the front door at any minute, and she also knew she would never be able to outlive the mortification she would feel if her twin were to see her like this.

So she reluctantly - VERY reluctantly - stepped into the bathroom and hooked her fingers into the waistband of her uniform shorts and panties, ready to rip them down and finally let it all out.

And also rub herself to orgasm sitting on the toilet, an act that she knew would take maybe twenty seconds at most.

That was when she heard a voice she’d known her entire life say, “Well, well, well, what do we have here?”

Mia froze, dimly aware of the flood of pee beginning to push its past her tiring fingers.

***

MIka stepped into the hallway, a dazzling smile on her pretty face. She’d watched her twin sister’s frenzied performance of barely-controlled desperation from the third hallway step and around a ninety degree corner, virtually invisible to Mia, who was - let’s face it - otherwise occupied.

Mia’s face was bright crimson, whether from embarrassment, or the strain of holding in her pee - or maybe something else? - Mika did not know. Her hand was jammed into the crotch of her shorts, pressed tightly where it needed to be, but Mika thought she’d detected a little rubbing motion too, a motion that came to an immediate halt when Mika had spoken.

“Wh-where did you come from?” Mia stammered, once again marching violently in place. Despite her obvious embarrassment at being discovered by her twin, Mika noticed she hadn’t removed her hand from her crotch.

“I’ve been here the whole time,” Mika said brightly.

“Oh,” Mia answered. “I didn’t see your car when I got home. Anyway, as I’m sure you can see, I really need to go to the bathroom, so we can talk in a second after I’ve gone.”

“My car has an engine problem, so Dad had it towed,” Mika said. “And no, you going to the bathroom doesn’t work for me.”

Mia bobbed at the knees, a look of intense concentration passing over her face as she quite obviously worked at holding back an especially intense wave of need. “What do you mean, no? I have to go really badly.” She bobbed again.

“Oh I know you do,” Mika said, the grin still plastered on her face. “What I’m wondering is why you didn’t go as soon as you got home.”

“I-I did j-just get home.” Another bob, followed by double-crossed legs. Mika thought she could see the hint of a wet spot spreading slowly around the hand Mia had jammed into her crotch.

“Now Mia, that’s not true. I’ve been here the whole time, watching your contortions, watching how much you were obviously enjoying needing to pee but not going.”

Mia flushed even more deeply, this time definitely from embarrassment, Mika decided. Her eyes flashed in anger and she said, “You’re full of shit. I need to pee and I’m going right now.” She reached up to slam the door in Mika’s face.

Mika said, “I don’t think so, not unless you want everyone at Holden - including all your teammates - to know about your naughty little fetish for holding your pee like some desperate little girl.”

“What?” For the briefest of moments, MIa’s frenzied squirming came to a dead stop as she tried to digest her sister’s words. But only for the briefest of moments.

“You heard me.”

“You wouldn’t dare.”

“Wouldn’t I? We’re twins, but you’ve been the golden child ever since I can remember. Athletic little Mia, straight-A student Mia, everyone’s favorite Mia. I think I like finally having a little leverage over the golden child.”

As she spoke, Mika could see the wetness spreading. The satiny finish of Mia’s soccer shorts was definitely darkening around her crotch, and she could see a few streaks of yellow begin to wind their way down her sister’s bare, shaking, squirming legs.

“Please,” Mia said weakly, her voice quivering. “I’m about to piss myself. What do you want from me?”

“From now on,” Mika said slowly, “if you need to pee you will ask my permission. No exceptions. If I’m feeling generous you’ll be allowed to go right away. If I’m not, well, you’ll have to hold it until I say you can go.”

Mia began stepping quickly from foot to foot. “You’re out of your mind, I’m not asking you for permission whenever I need to peeee…” The last word dragged out as another wave of urgency struck.

“Okay,” Mika said immediately. “No problem. I’ll get right to work messaging all your teammates and friends. Oh, and your professors, they should definitely know about your little…hobby.”

“NO!” Mia was gasping and shaking, clearly about to lose what little control she had left. “F-fine,” she whispered. “You win. I’ll ask permission when I need to go.”

“Good girl,” Mika said with a smile.

Mia turned toward the toilet and as she did, Mika could see more rivers of pee running down her sister’s legs.

“Excuse me,” Mika said sharply.

“What?” The word came out breathy, barely more than a desperate exhalation.

“Don’t you have something to ask me?”

“Ugh,” Mia spat. she rocked back and forth, directly in front of the toilet and the relief she so badly needed. “Please.”

“Please what?”

“Please, may I go pee now?”

“Hmmmm.”

“Mika, I’m begging you. Please let me pee, please.”

“That’s better. Yes, you may pee.”

“Oh, thank god.” Mia reached out once again to close the bathroom door.

“I don’t think closing the door would be appropriate,” Mika said. “I've watched your entire performance since you got home. I want to see if the amount you were holding justified all the theatrics.”

Mia closed her eyes, by now thoroughly defeated. She removed her hand from the bathroom door and in one motion, yanked her now-soaked shorts and panties to her knees while spinning and slamming her ass down on the toilet seat.

She kept her eyes screwed shut in humiliation as the roaring sound of her stream hitting the water and splashing in the porcelain bowl filled the bathroom.

Mika smiled. “I think I’m going to enjoy our new reality.”

