The Morning After The First Night

Author: Hailey_Eros

*000*2022-01-30 22:35

This scene is from a book that I was writing but decided to axe because as I accepted my sexual orientation, and realized that I didn't want to write about male/female relationships. The book had a variety of different kinks and relationships, and I wrote a few omo scenes before I decided to axe the project. I think these scenes are still pretty good though, and deserve to see the light of day. This is the first omo scene I wrote for the book, but not the first chronologically.

The scene is quite long and includes male desperation and wetting, watersports, orgasm control, and references to BDSM, and it is very sexually graphic. It takes place the morning after the first night the couple spends together. Also, one of the main character's names is Brandon. I wrote this before the name became politicized. I hope you enjoy!

The morning after the first night

When Brandon woke up, he was both surprised and extremely happy to realize that last night hadn’t been a dream. His arms were still around Kaia. She was still asleep, her back to him, and her breathing deep and peaceful. Even though his right arm seemed to have been under Kaia all night, it wasn’t asleep, nor did it feel tired or even uncomfortable. Brandon sighed deeply, breathing in Kaia’s scent. Her soft, dark hair was only a couple of inches away from his face, and smelled like oranges.

It wasn’t until Brandon realized the wonder of his current circumstances that he then realized he had a very large and painful erection that pressed up against Kaia’s lower back. He also needed to pee pretty badly. But he didn’t want to wake Kaia up. He could feel the soft skin of her stomach against his hand from where her pajama top rode up slightly. She was so peaceful and beautiful. He found her deep, even breathing relaxing. He slowly moved slightly closer to her, careful not to wake her up, and buried his face in her soft, sweet smelling hair. He felt his erect penis become even more engorged as it pressed harder against her lower back. He felt himself blush, feeling glad that Kaia couldn’t see him. He felt the heat of her skin through her thick hair. He slowly and carefully raised his left hand away from Kaia’s middle, and gently brushed Kaia’s hair away from her neck.

@@When he saw the back of her neck, he was very surprised, because on the upper part of the back of her neck was a very small, detailed tattoo. He’d never seen it before, even with her hair in ponytail. He couldn’t tell what the tattoo was, especially with his face right next to it. He moved his head back ever so slightly so that he could see it better. It had black detailing and was colored in dark green. It was made up of a rounded tree design in the middle with two rings surrounding it. Inside the outer rings were strange symbols. They seemed to be made of points connected together by straight lines, but the lines that connected the points seemed to be in very strange patterns. He had no idea Kaia had any tattoos besides the mermaid tattoo on her left calf. He stared at the tattoo for a long time, trying to make out what it was. He raised his thumb and very gently moved it over the tattoo, trying to trace it over the strange symbols, but they were so small he quickly realized that it was impossible. Kaia’s skin was so soft and smooth, and he continued moving his thumb over the back of her neck, feeling just how unbelievably soft and silky her skin felt. He let out another sigh. He had to pee quite badly now, but he found himself focused more on Kaia than his growing need. Her skin was so soft, so wonderful. He wanted to, needed to, feel it even more. He slowly brought his arm down over Kaia again, feeling her body against his. He pressed his lips against her soft neck, below the tattoo. With his lips, he could feel the warmth and softness of her skin even more. Kaia stirred a bit, making a soft noise. “Oh no, I woke her up.” Brandon thought. Kaia slowly began to move, stretching her arms above her head. Then she turned around to face him, freeing his arm from underneath her.

“Good morning.” She said, continuing to stretch her arms overhead.

Even now, as she turned and he saw her beautiful face, he felt his muscles go weak. She smiled at him.

“I-I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to wake you.”

“It’s OK. It’s probably time to get up by now anyway.” But instead, Kaia placed her hands under her head, looking at Brandon. He stared into her eyes. He was only halfway aware that he was grinning at her stupidly.

“Have any dreams last night?” She inquired.

“This feels like a dream.” He said, still somewhat unaware of what he was saying, still staring into her eyes.

“Want me to pinch you?” Kaia said, giggling. “Don’t worry, I won’t do that. I hate being pinched. How about this instead?”

Kaia inched her way towards Brandon a bit, and gently grazed her lips against his. She started to pull away, but Brandon kissed her back hard. He kissed her frantically, wanting to feel every bit of her against him. Kaia allowed this for a few seconds, but then pulled back with finality. Brandon let out a groan.

Kaia had a bit of a mischievous smile on her face as she gazed back at Brandon.

“I had a really interesting dream last night.” She said. “I was by this river with a really strong current, and I could see it rushing by.”

At the mention of rushing water, Brandon began to squirm a bit, clenching his blood filled extremity in his hand, even though he was so hard that not even a drop could have escaped him.

Kaia giggled. Brandon wasn’t sure if Kaia had noticed his situation or not. Was she teasing him on purpose? He couldn’t tell.

“And there were all these beavers building dams in the river.” Kaia continued, “They would leave and disappear into the forest for a bit, and then come back with twigs and branches that they used to make the dam to stop the current. But the current was so strong that they had to work really fast so they wouldn’t get swept away.”

Brandon continued to squirm harder as Kaia told him about her dream.

“But they used their tails so well to block the river current as they worked. They were so cute. Hmm... I wonder what that dream meant. It’s always so interesting how nature plays out in dreams, isn’t it?”

“What are the symbols on your tattoo?” Brandon asked, even though both his balls and bladder were desperate for relief, this seemed more important somehow.

“The tattoo on the back of my neck?”

“Yeah, I didn’t know you had any other ones besides the mermaid tail.”

“They’re not symbols, they’re constellations.”

Brandon was taken a little aback, and felt confused and a bit stupid.

“Oh. I should have realized that. But... why are they so small?”

“I wanted a tattoo that was small and easy to hide. So the constellations ended up turning out really small. It was my first tattoo. It’s not a great tattoo exactly, but it has an important meaning.”

“What does it mean?” He asked.

Kaia flipped over, and held her hair up so that Brandon could see it better.

“The tree is the tree of life. It’s been used by all different religions for thousands of years, it represents the connection of all of life. It links heaven to the underworld. The rings of constellations around the outside represent the unearthly parts of the world, that world isn’t just Earth, it encompasses everything- including other galaxies and space itself. It shows what we can see - or what we think we can see that is, and know, and things that we can only see and understand across a great distance, and our own limited understanding of it all.”

“Whoa.” Brandon said, with a sharp intake of breath. He felt like he never knew quite what to expect from Kaia, she was always revealing new things about herself and the deep, almost secretive knowledge of everything that she seemed to have. This was exactly the kind of thing that always made Brandon fall even harder for Kaia. She thought about such a big, vast picture of everything. He’d never met anyone before who could describe things like this - especially this early in the morning.

“I can’t believe I didn’t know that those were constellations.” Brandon said, shaking his head.

“It’s supposed to look a little mysterious.” Kaia said, “that’s part of the point. We don’t fully understand what heaven is, or the underworld, or especially other galaxies. Science, at least through what we know of science right now, can’t fully explain these things. Even religion can’t completely explain it either. So the tattoo not being super legible makes it even better.”

Brandon was squirming around a lot by now. But he couldn’t have peed even if he had wanted to because of the massive erection he had, which created a tent in his pajama pants. He partly hoped Kaia would help him out, that would have felt wonderful. But he also knew how much Kaia enjoyed teasing and torturing him, and despite how much he wanted to deny it, he loved that too.

It was clear that Kaia was noticing his predicament. She gave him a sly smile.

“Got something on your mind, Brandon?” She asked him.

“Yes.” He answered, somewhat sheepishly.

A thoughtful look crossed Kaia’s face.

“And what would be on your mind so early in the morning?” Kaia asked, continuing to look thoughtful as she leaned on her hand.

“I uh - I’m bursting to pee.” Brandon admitted, blushing a bit.

Kaia smiled. “I can tell. And I would also guess that you can’t pee right now.”

Brandon smiled “You know me so well, Kaia. I should have realized you were teasing me.”

“I did really have that dream, but I thought I’d use it to tease you just a little bit.” Kaia held up her thumb and pointer finger with a small distance between them. “But I also know that you love it.”

Kaia scooted herself over, closer to Brandon. She ran her hands over his chest, down his legs, and then up to his legs to his thighs where her hands stopped. Brandon felt his skin tingle through his clothes and wished that there weren’t so many layers of fabric between them. Kaia began to stroke his inner thigh. Brandon felt his cock pulsating with arousal. Her hand was close.

“Oh please, Kaia. Please.” He begged.

Kaia raised her eyebrows.

“Please what?” She said, feigning innocence as she continued to run her hands over his thighs and then up over his chest. “What do you want me to do, Brandon?”

“I’m so horny.” He gasped out.

Kaia pouted her lips. “And what do you want me to do about that exactly?”

“I... I want you touch me.”

“OK” Kaia said with a mischievous glint in her eyes “Where?” She moved her hands down and stroked his inner thighs again. “Like this?” She stretched her arms up again, rubbing her hands gently over his chest “Like this?”

“That feels good, but I want...”

Kaia looked into his eyes “Tell me what you want, Brandon. Where do you want me to touch you?”

“I want... I want... I want you to touch....to touch my cock. And I want you... kiss me.” He felt himself blush deeply.

Kaia smiled and didn’t say anything or move for a second. Then she kissed Brandon hard, and rolled over on top of him, straddling him. She ran her hands through his hair while she kissed him, then moved her hands lower, pressing them against his chest.

Brandon found himself in a state of pure ecstasy. He kissed her back hard. This time, he kissed Kaia so deeply he could really taste her. Kaia’s lips tasted of vanilla, orange, and slightly of mint. He opened his mouth, and their tongues touched gently. Kaia began to slow the kiss down, before speeding it up and kissing him hard again, then she suddenly pulled away. Brandon panted for air.

“When you said you wanted me to kiss you, did you mean like that?”

Brandon felt almost a bit winded, he could barely talk.

“Yes. Just like that. That’s...”

Kaia pulled him against her, kissing him again as she moved her hands down slowly. She gently brushed her hands against his engorged bulge, then began to run her hands up and down quickly over the front of his pajama pants. She pulled her lips away from his briefly.

“Ooohhh” Brandon let out a long, low, loud moan. Then Kaia reached her hand inside his pants over his underwear and began to move her hands quickly and expertly over his penis. She continued to kiss him, alternating between kissing him hard and gently, but always keeping him guessing.

Brandon raised his hips, grinding his dick against Kaia’s hand as she touch, gripped, and squeezed his cock and balls with her hands. She moved her hands up and down his length, fast and slow, squeezing and cupping his balls with her other hand.

Brandon squirmed under her, both from his very full bladder and his tight balls and hugely engorged cock. He needed release in so many ways.

Kaia moved her lips away from his, and onto his ear and along his neck. Then she reached into his underwear, her hands circling around his penis and squeezing while cupping his balls. He was going to bust, he was going to cum. Kaia must have felt it too because she moved her hands out of his boxers and began moving her hands around on top of them again, stroking him through his underwear. At the same time, she continued to kiss his neck.

She put her knees on either side of him, pinning him in place while she kissed him hard and rubbed him through his underwear.

Having another layer of fabric between them didn’t make Brandon feel like he was going to cum any less. He realized that she was actually going to let him cum this time. The pressure of her soft, warm hands rubbing hard on him and her lips on him was just too much, or exactly what he needed, depending on how you looked at it, he supposed.

“FUCK!” He screamed loudly as he came, Kaia’s mouth was still moving over on his lips, his neck, and his ear, which only heightened his orgasm. He screamed again and again and grunted loudly as he ejaculated, his cum spurting into his underwear.

Kaia removed her lips from him, and slowly backed up until she was straddling his stomach. He stared up at her beautiful, glowing face and into her eyes.

“Oh. My. God.” He panted, “Wow.” Then he realized how much he had to pee, and how much harder it was going to be now to hold it in. He squeezed himself. Then an idea came to him. Perhaps it was his post-orgasm haze, or perhaps he really was feeling more comfortable with himself.

“Kaia, I’m so desperate, I’m absolutely bursting. Do you mind if I.... I want to piss in bed. Is that OK?”

Kaia fixed him with a lovely, genuine smile.

“You have waterproof sheets for a reason right?”

“Yeah. But you won’t mind getting wet?”

“Not at all.” She said, grinning at him. “That sounds” she signed and inhaled sharply, “really hot.”

“What about your pajamas? I don’t want to ruin them. You look... so good in them. I mean...” Kaia giggled, leaned over him again and kissed him lightly.

“Well, you have a washer right here, we can always wash them. Hold on, I have an idea.”

“I’m trying to hold on.” Brandon mumbled to himself.

Kaia moved to the side, and pulled Brandon’s pants off of him. He was now only in a white T-shirt and dark blue cum-stained boxers.

“We can keep these dry, especially because I want to see your cock when you piss.” She quickly got back into bed beside him. “OK,” she said, “now get yourself even wetter.”

Brandon grinned to himself. She really accepted him for everything he was, and what he wanted. He decided to play his desperation up for just a bit longer, for both of their sakes. He squirmed and moaned, holding his crotch and squeezing his cock. Kaia smiled hugely at him. She seemed to be enjoying this just about as much as he was. He wasn’t even really playing up his desperation up anymore. He could barely hold it in anymore. He flipped on his side away from Kaia, and let out a small leak.

@@“Oh yes. Oh yeah.” Kaia whispered, looking over at him as his boxers dampened with piss. She reached her hand over onto his cock, touching him through his cum-stained underwear that was now damp with his pee. He let out another small leak while she touched him, before changing position, lying on his back as he let a few more spurts out. Kaia continued to rub his cock through his underwear as his piss spurted out. It felt amazing to slowly let his warm wetness escape, to feel it on his cock and thighs while the most beautiful, perfect girl he had ever met rubbed his cock while he pissed. Not only that, but she was loving it too. He rolled over onto his side, then part way on his back as he let several more leaks out, trying to get himself and the bed was wet as possible. It was getting hard to stop. He wanted to just wet himself completely, but he had to prolong this feeling as long as he could. He rolled over onto his side again, this time facing Kaia. His shirt was wet now and it had become partly see through. Kaia ran her hands over his wet stomach.

“Your abs look so good like that.” She whispered.

He grinned up at her, feeling unbelievably happy. There was a small wet spot on the bed now. He rolled over onto his stomach, and let more out, gasping. There was now a good sized wet patch on the bed he was happy to see, and his boxers and t-shirt were soaked. He leaned to his left side again, away from Kaia, letting a spurt out as he did. Kaia look over at him.

“Oh, your bulge looks stunning that she said quietly. And your abs and your chest...” he couldn’t stop grinning stupidly with euphoric happiness, both with how wonderful he felt and how much it seemed to turn Kaia on. He was beyond happy that he could arouse her so much just by doing this. She cuddled up against him, her front towards his back. He sighed deeply. She ran her fingers across his side, over his chest, and down his length. He let a couple of spurts out into her hand as she rubbed him, feeling and cupping his cock in her hand.“Oh, that’s so hot. Do that again Brandon. Piss into my hand.” He did. It was heavenly to piss into her hand while she cupped and rubbed his dick. He found himself getting more and more aroused by the situation as well. He continued to let out several long squirts of piss into her hand, then rolled over to face her again.

“You’re really soaking wet now.” She said with a giggle. She adjusted herself and continued to touch his cock as he let more out while facing her. He had made quite a puddle in bed now, and Kaia was wet too. He had let quite a bit out, but he still had to go really badly. “Wait, before you let it all out, I want to sit on your lap.”

“Yes.” He said, still grinning at her stupidly. He loved how into this she was. He sat up and she knelt over him, facing him. He let more out. The bed was soaking, and Kaia was almost as wet with his piss as he was. She lowered herself down onto him, into his lap over his soaked boxers. He kept pissing like that for a while, staring into Kaia’s beautiful eyes. Kaia stared at him lustfully.

“Wait, before you finish, lie back down again facing me.” He did, while grabbing hold of and pinching of his dick to try to stop the flow. Once he was lying down again, she put her arms over his shoulders, he stared into her face, at her beautiful forest green eyes and soft, plump lips as he let out a steady stream. This time, especially with her face in front of him, he realized that couldn’t stop.

“I can’t stop, I’m going to have to finish like this.” He said to her quietly.

Kaia smiled at him. “Oh yes, keep pissing for me just like that.” He kept pissing for a while, unable to stop and fully relieved himself while staring into her face, soaking the front of Kaia’s pajamas. He let out several long dribbles even after he thought that he had finished. Kaia was smiling widely at him, her arms still around his shoulders. She sighed, staring deeply into his eyes as he finished.

“That was...wow.” Kaia looked down at his soaked body, moving her hands over his chest and abs, and down to his cock. “You look so hot all soaked with your piss Brandon. Oh, I loved how you only tried to let a little bit out to start with.” She pulled herself closer to him, kissing him hard, her hands ruffling through his hair. He felt his lips start to tingle, and the feeling spread downwards through his stomach and chest and then even farther down. He felt himself start to get hard again already. Kaia backed off a bit, then kissed him hard again, teasing him. After a few minutes, Kaia pulled her lips away from his.

“ I love being covered in your piss, but we should probably get up and shower off now.” She said. Brandon felt his face flush with a mixture of happiness and arousal. She got up from his bed, and opened his bedroom door, and stood in front of the washer in the small windowless hallway next to his bedroom. She slowly and sexily lifted her pajama top up over her head, and then rung it out on the hard floor, giving him the best strip tease he had ever gotten. “Look at how much you pissed. You got me all soaked.” He was pleased to see how much piss he had gotten all over her, and how much she seemed to enjoy it. “Do you think anybody could see me out in the window if I went to get some paper towels to clean up all of your naughty, dirty piss off the floor?” She asked him.

“I left the curtains closed in there earlier, but even if they could see you, I don’t think they’d mind at all.” He said. Kaia smirked, and disappeared from his field of vision momentarily. When she came back, she was holding a roll of paper towels. She bent down slowly and sexily and wiped up the floor. Then she repeated the same thing with her pajama shorts, and he was pleased to see that she wasn’t wearing anything under them. Once she was standing there naked, she slid a finger into her vagina, and pulled it out, revealing an entirely different kind of wetness, before putting it in her mouth and sucking on it. Brandon felt himself hardening even more at the wonderful show Kaia was putting on, as well as the glorious sight of Kaia’s tall, slender, slightly muscular body.

She made a come hither motion with her hand, and Brandon got up and followed her over to the washing machine.

@@When he came up to Kaia, she sank to her knees in front of him, and kissed his cock, which was swiftly growing more and more through his boxers, which were a mess from his cum and pee. She began suck at him through his piss soaked and cum stained boxers, tasting his pee and semen. Just as Brandon began to feel weak at his knees, she stood up abruptly, pulled his shirt off over his head, then pulled down his boxers with ease, and threw both of them into the wash. She walked over, with Brandon following behind her, to his bed. She quickly removed the sheets with his help, threw them in the washing machine as well, put the detergent in, and started the machine. This whole time, Brandon hadn’t stopped staring at Kaia’s gorgeous naked body with her long, slender, slightly muscular limbs, and toned stomach and flat chest, and of course her pretty bare feet as she walked across his room towards the bathroom. On the way, she stopped by her bag in the corner of the room, taking out a bar of soap, and then a condom. She gave him a small smirk as she did so.

As Brandon followed Kaia into the shower, he was still in his post-orgasmic state of happiness. He couldn’t believe what had just happened, not the part where Kaia had let him cum (albeit in his pants), and especially not what had happened afterwards, where she cuddled up to him and sat on his lap while he pissed all over himself, his bed, and her. And how she seemed quite aroused by it herself, just about as much as him. He’d never had a girl be even remotely OK with doing anything close to that, but this was Kaia. And Kaia wasn’t just another pretty girl, attracted to him because of his fairly good looks and ability to fix her computer if she needed it. No, Kaia was completely different. She was extremely smart, perhaps the smartest person he had ever met. She was so kind and understanding of everything. Of him. And she was beautiful in the most unusual way.

@@What with Kaia getting the condom out of her bag, how aroused she knew he was by now, and how aroused she must have been, given how wet her finger had been when she’d pulled it out of her, which was an image Brandon was going to keep burned into his memory, he was sure she’d want to have sex again as soon as they got into the shower. Instead she set the condom down on a shelf in the shower, turned on the water and began to wash herself off. Brandon just stared at her. He stared at her beautiful, slender, athletic body was she lathered herself up with soap. Then, she handed him the bar of soap. He sniffed it, wondering if it smelled the wonderful way Kaia always smelled. But it didn’t. It didn’t smell like anything really, just soap. He felt a bit disappointed. He began to wash himself off too, still staring at Kaia as he did. He was very hard by this point, and he wanted her so much. He wasn’t sure if he would be able to convince her, and staring at her naked and wet was wonderful enough, but he decided to try his luck and make it obvious what he wanted. He managed to look away from her, and slow down as he washed his inner thighs and genitals, looking up at her again with a the best questioning, curious face that he could. After he lathered himself up, he moved over under the shower head to wash himself off, making sure she got a good look at his once again erect penis. He felt almost shameless after what had just happened, so he very slowly started running his hands up and down his length. While he did this he glanced over at Kaia, giving her a mischievous look. She was looking at him, but with the most innocent expression he could imagine for someone seeing him jerk off. He turned around, and ran his other hand along her arm. Then he moved his hand through her wet hair, and placed his hand on her side. He leaned in towards her, kissing her hard on the lips. He dropped his other hand from his penis, running his hand through her wet hair. It stuck to his hands, clinging to him. After about five seconds, Kaia backed out of the kiss, her expression far less innocent.

“You sure think a lot of yourself right now, don’t you?” She asked. He gently cupped her left cheek in his hand.

“Yes”, he said the word punctuated by an audible smirk.

“Oh you.” Kaia playfully slapped at his hand, not enough to hurt. He didn’t move it away from her, feeling the soft skin of her face in his hand, and staring into her eyes.

“Well, forgive me for doing so when you are in my bed.”

Kaia smiled a bit at this. “You mean your bed that you pissed all over with me in it.”

Brandon smiled to himself, still gently cupping her cheek up towards him, so she had to look towards him. She didn’t back away. But then she said something that made Brandon drop his hand away, and made his heart jump right into his throat.

@@“You know...” She said slowly, “I haven’t peed yet this morning.” With that, she picked up the condom from the shelf and opened the wrapper, which she dropped on the floor of the shower. Then she put the condom on the head of his penis, and slowly and carefully unrolled it. With that Brandon inhaled sharply, forgetting about how he had just felt about himself a moment ago. He was so turned on and she was so perfect that he felt himself practically melting over her, craving her lips around him, and to enter into the warm wetness of her vagina. He wanted those things more than anything else in the world. He felt dizzy with nervousness with arousal. After the condom was in place, she ran her hand up and down his length a few times. He let out a soft moan as he felt warmth of her hand through the thin latex. Then, so slowly that it felt like an agonizing eternity to Brandon, she positioned herself with her back to him, reached back around and took his cock in her hand, guiding it into place inside her vagina.

It was absolute heaven. The warm, tight walls of her vagina hugged him in. He could feel how wet she was inside. He was let out several loud moans. He braced his arms against the opposite wall of the shower, but before he could do anything else, Kaia began to move slowly against him. He lost his grip on the side of the shower that his hands were backed against, falling gently against the wall to his back as Kaia continued to fuck herself on his cock. He gasped and moaned as she kept moving against him, and he managed to slowly thrust himself inside of her as well. They moved against each other together, Kaia seeming to know exactly where Brandon was behind her. Within 30 seconds he felt like he was about to cum. Kaia seemed to know that too, and she moved away from him, slipping him out of her easily.

“What? I- please - I.”

Kaia positioned herself against the opposite wall from him, leaning against it with one leg raised. It took him a few seconds to realize what she was doing, and when he did, he gasped.

“Are you...?” She was about to fulfill the fantasy he had told her about months ago, then one she said she wasn’t sure if she could do. He had wanted this for years, more than almost anything else. Kaia caught his gaze.

“Yes.” She said, “Stay where you are. I need to make sure I’m aiming right.” She made several small movements, adjusting herself.

Brandon felt his muscles go weak again. He had couldn’t believe how long he had wanted his. And it was with Kaia. She was going to do this.

Once Kaia seemed to be in the right position, she used her left hand to spread open her labia. She was making it so he could see everything too! But she had an anxious expression on her face.

“You want...?” She asked him.

“Oh... Oh yes. Please. I’ve wanted this for so long.”

@@Kaia still seemed nervous. She was balanced easily, but couldn’t seem to get started. He was worrying that maybe she wouldn’t be able to do it. After over two minutes he was about to say something, when her stream finally came shooting out of her urethra. Just as she had planned so carefully, it hit right on Brandon’s dick. It was warm, and it felt wonderful. It was everything he wanted and more. It was even better than he imagined it would be. Brandon moaned loudly and screamed with immense pleasure as her stream hit him. His vision went fuzzy. He felt like he was going to cum.... he was going to cum... he was cumming. He was cumming and he couldn’t stop as Kaia’s pee stream continued to hit him. After a little less than a minute, she stopped but he was still cumming. He saw stars and each one of them had what he could still see of her inside it. He fell down on the floor of the shower, still cumming. This was the best orgasm he’d ever had. It was truly the hardest he’d ever cum in his life. He could hardly move, and couldn’t speak, his screams and moans dying off into silent ecstasy as he sat of the floor of the shower, still cumming. He could only stare up at her wide-eyed. Kaia knelt down on shower floor in front of him looking scared.

“Brandon?” “Brandon, can you hear me?” Are you alright?”

He was only able to nod very slightly.

“What’s happening? Say something to me please.” Kaia was panicking. She put her hands on his shoulders, shaking him.

“Brandon, please say something. Please. Talk to me.” Tears began to fall down her face. “I just wanted to- to - oh my god.” She began sobbing. “Please, Brandon, talk to me? Talk to me, if you can hear me. Do I need to call 911?” She turned the shower on cold, letting the cold water splash down across his face.

Brandon inhaled deeply, then exhaled. His vision became clearer. He looked up at Kaia, looking right in her eyes, deeply staring into them, he tried to see more deeply into her than he ever had before.

“I love you.”

“W-what?” Kaia said, looking confused and scared.

The feeling slowly began to come back into Brandon’s muscles. He reached his arms around Kaia, drawing her as close to him as he could on the wet shower floor, almost pulling her on top of himself.

“I love you.” He said, louder and more clearly this time. “Oh, don’t worry, I’m OK - more than OK really.” He laughed, he brought his fingers to Kaia’s cheeks, gently wiping away her tears. She had stopped crying as quickly as she had began, but she looked dumbfounded.

“I can tell that you completely accept me.” He said. “And wow. That’s the hardest I’ve ever cum from anything, so much so that I scared you didn’t I?”

Kaia nodded.

“You just blew my freaking mind, more than you even do the rest of the time, which is really saying something.” He chuckled. Something close to a smile crossed Kaia’s face. “It’s just - I can tell how much you want to please me, and you never judge me or seem to think I’m weird.” He realized he wasn’t sure why or how he was saying what he was saying, but the words just came tumbling out if his mouth. “I love you as a dominatrix, when you control me and are a tiny bit mean, but even then I can tell how much you care about me, and making me feel good is what really gets you off, isn’t it?”

Kaia almost imperceptibly nodded.

@@“And that’s why I love you. You care so much even though you pretend that you don’t. And when I’m with you - when I just see you even - you make my muscles and insides turn to jelly in the best way. I feel dizzy and nervous. I want you to be impressed by me. Back when I saw you the very first time I knew that you were different from any person I had even met before. And I knew right then that I loved you, that’s probably why I dropped all of those jam jars, and then I didn’t even care when Toby yelled at me. And even though I was so nervous I still wanted to get to know you. I want to know everything there is to know about you, and even when I feel like I know so much you always still surprise me. I love that. You are such a genius, I swear you are even though I know you don’t think you are. You are beyond beautiful, it’s like something within you shines so brightly that I can’t even look directly at you, but I also can’t tear my eyes away at the same time. I can’t ever fully stop thinking about you. You always make me feel amazing, and it’s probably good you like to edge me, control when I cum, because when you do make me cum, it’s the most wonderful feeling in the world. And you see things in me that nobody else can, and you bring them out of me and I’m surprised at how well you can just understand everything. My heart and every other part of me really does belong to you. I’m yours. The more I learn about you, the more you say, the harder I fall - sometimes literally for you. I want to be with you, inside you. After we first met so often I would have dreams where your lips were all over me, I couldn’t even tell where exactly sometimes, and I’d wake up cumming so hard, but not nearly the way I just did - and in the way I do when I’m actually with you. You seem like out of a dream but you’re real. Maybe you really should pinch me. You can do whatever you want with me. You are beyond beautiful, beyond perfect, I love you. I just want to make you happy.”

This time Kaia was frozen up and looked a bit shocked.

“I...I...I love you Brandon. It’s just...it’s complicated.”

“That’s OK.” Brandon picked up a small damp strand of Kaia’s hair and twirled it around his finger before tucking it behind her ear.

“Maybe we should talk about this after we get dressed.”

“Alright.” He kissed her on the lips softly, barely able to tear himself away. They got up and stepped out of the shower slowly, and Brandon removed the condom and threw it in the bathroom wastebasket.

They both dressed quickly, and headed out into the kitchen. Brandon brewed some coffee, and Kaia sat down at the table. They both sat in silence for a little while, both thinking hard. Finally Kaia spoke.

“There’s something I have to tell you.”

Brandon looked up at her “Oh?”

Kaia took a deep breath. “I’m aromantic.”

Brandon was confused. “Er...sorry. You’re what?”

“I’m aromantic. I don’t have romantic feelings for people - I don’t experience romantic attraction. I still love, but just not in that way. I obviously have sexual feelings. I experience sexual attraction. I love you as a friend and I’m sexually attracted to you, but I don’t have romantic feelings for you.” Kaia took another deep breath “I guess what I’m trying to say is - I love you, Brandon, I really do. But I’m not sure if it’s in the same way you love me. I’m sorry. I’ll er - I have to go.” She quickly darted into the bedroom, grabbed her bag, and ran out of his apartment.

