Girls gets punished for to be girls! - Page 3

Author: huberp76

*050*2023-03-23 22:36

The guy did cum just minutes before, but he was horny again from watching the girl piss.

To see how the hot urine was spurting out between her slim thighs with much pressure and a loud hissing sound, was very arousing for him.

She had her thighs wide apart and gave him a good view to her naked girl slit.

It lasted very long until her so much overfilled bladder was totally empty.

”Take off your wet pissed, smelly panties and give it to me.” ordered the man.

He took it in his hand and wiped with a dry spot of her panties her pee wet cunt dry.

He did it not very gentle, he was rubbing with the fabric hard and deep in the girls slit.

”Aaauuuuh, you hurt me, that little thing between my thighs is very sensitive and vulnerable ! “ said the girl and smiled.

At the way home she was sitting with her wet panties in her hand, but she had no panties under her gown.

He pushed her clothes fare up at her thighs and pushed one finger deep in her slit.

”Your cunt is still wet.” said the guy.

”But no more from pee, it can not get dry if you push your finger inside.” answered the girl and smiled again.

”What I am now for you?

Your toy? Your girl slut? You piss whore? You’re no piss whore? Your piss holding whore?” asked the girl.

”I don’t know it not just yet, but i will think about it. Tomorrow i am in the down for business and the day after you will come to my office after work with your bladder full from the day, then your bladder will have to pay.” answered the man.

*054*2023-03-25 22:10

Two days later came the girl to the guy’s office with her bladder full with urine from all the day and a strong urge to let the pee out.

” Have you been a good girl?” he asked her.

”Yes i have been a good girl and i am still a good girl. I did not go to the toilet after arriving, although i need to go since noon. My pee balloon in my belly is very full and should get emptied very urgently. May i go to the toilet now ?”asked the girl, lifted on of her skinny girl legs and pressed one thigh over the other.

” You may not, did you forget, today is your punishing day and punishing means for me and for you, bladder TORTURE!

I want to see how much of pee urge you can endure and how full you can make your urine reservoir i want to see your absolutely limit.” said the guy.

”Oh my god, i am already needing to piss so bad, how much more urge and how much more pain do i have to endure?” asked the girl.

” Much more!! And if your body power will be not enough to overfill your bladder to my satisfaction, then I’ll plug your piss hole for some hours longer. Your bladder must get big as a pumpkin and hard as a rock, today.” answered the man.

”I’ll try my best but, please don’t burst my poor bladder.” said the girl.

”First of all you drink 2 large glasses of water, that will be a good beginning.” he said.

”2 large glass of water will be to much for my thin stomach and it will be later much to much for me already very, very full bladder.” said the girl worried.

She was dirty and smelly from sweat from her field work and that was one the reasons why the guy did take her to his rooms, he never before took one of the girls in his private rooms.

” Strip your clothes !” ordered the bailiff.

” Totally naked?” asked the girl. “ Yes totally naked, i have to clean you up.” answered the guy.

It was such a great and absolutely erotic sight for him. Her super slim body, her thin belly with visible contours of her very full bladder, her slit between her shaped slim thighs were turning him on very much.

She pressed her hands between her thighs and crossed her legs wonderful girl legs.

”I need to pee so bad! May i go please?” asked the girl.

”Oh no, you may not, you are fare away from your limit.” answered the guy and did lead her to the shower.

Meanwhile he was naked too and went with her in the shower.

He washed every cm ( inch) of her sexy, skinny body, with his hands.

Especially her firm small breasts, her little ass, her slim thighs and her sweet slit between her thighs. He could not resist to push a finger deep in her young cunt.

Then he started to wash her belly, he did it very thoroughly. He was rubbing her lower abdomen very intensely and could not resist to press very hard and deep inside her abdomen.

The poor girl crossed her legs and was bending over. He was standing behind her and the more she was whining, the more he pressed with two hands on her bladder.

“More can i not endure!!! That is unbearable! please stop it before you burst my bladder. Why do you torture your poor little girl so much? Why don’t you have just a little bit mercy with me?“she asked.

The guy pressed one more time and then he took a towel to rub her dry.

Sure that he was rubbing her swollen belly and her girl slit between her thighs especially hard.

Then he did take her in the living room, they were sitting on a large sofa and he offered her a drink.

He could see it that her bladder was visible bulging out much more and that it became much bigger than it was one hour before.

„No please no, don’t make me drink anymore, let me piss now, i am needing it so unbelievable urgently.“ was the girl begging.

“No i don’t let you, that is not your limit, you can endure more, your bladder can get bigger.“ he answered.

The girl could not bear up any longer, she HAD to pee now, but he did not want to let her.

She had only one way, she had to make him more horny, she had to make him to fuck her and maybe then he would let her go to the toilet.

She started to kiss him and to leak with her wet tongue over his cheek, she pushed her tongue in his ear and she pressed her slim body against his body and massaged his dick with her warm, small hand.

She was needing to pee so bad, but she thought as early he fuck her, as early she could pee.

Would she be able to spread her legs without to pee?

*056*2023-03-26 09:44

{{10 hours ago, Hon3y said:

Let's make it more interesting, a compulsory fucking and then plugging up for another day, or until the time the boy fucks her again by himself, not due to her initiation as a form of manipulation!

}}

You mean that the girl should get manipulated, she should just think that she would be allowed to pee after sex, but in reality she should not be allowed, she should be made to hold it longer?

You mean that she should get plugged up for another day, what do you think how long a girl can endure that?

*059*2023-03-26 21:00

They lay on the sofa, the girl pressed her body hard against the guy’s body. The extra pressure from outside made her urge so strong that her all her body was shaking from needing to pee so bad.

The guy did love to feel that and he did love to hold her skinny body tight in his strong arms.

He wanted to fuck her but with her knotted legs was that not really possible.

He putted slowly and carefully her gorgeous, thin girl legs apart and pushed his hard dick deep in her young girl slit which was squeezed so hard and tight together from needing to pee so horrible bad.

The girl moaned and whined from lust and need, that made the guy even more horny, she should more suffer, her bladder must get more tortured , she could never need to pee strong enough for him and therefore he pressed and pushed on it to make her urge and her need stronger.

When he pressed, he could feel how she tensed all her muscles to hold her urine inside her and he could feel how she squeezed her tight slit hard around his big dick.

After a while it was getting over the limit of her endurance, she was getting fucked so hard and she was so very, very full, that it was spurting out of her with every hard push he did with his dick inside her.

She pissed touring fucking but that was no problem for both of them. They were both in absolutely ecstasy, but they did change from sofa to the floor, because the girl was already leaking heavy and was wetting the sofa with her urine.

After they were „ready „ they went again to the shower and there he let her piss.

The „skinny „ was a talent in fucking and in pee holding. She was a sex talent and she enjoyed to get her poor bladder tortured. She was a little bit pain horny and she loved the pain from needing to pee and the pain from a bursting full bladder.

The guy was sure that it was not her absolutely limit, she would have been able to endure more without she gets fucked and without he pressed and pushed her bulging bladder so much, but that combination what they did just before was absolutely great and fantastic for him. He wanted more of that and he did know that would not have been their last time.

Amanda was as well a talent, she was a natural talent in pee holding , she could bear up not to pee for 37 hours and she was able to go to sleep with her bladder full from 31 hours.

It was already late summer, autumn was coming soon and the bailiff wanted to spend again a night with Amanda in the cabin at the mountains, before it starts to snow.

He wanted to make her hold 3 hours longer than the last time, he wanted to force her to hold her urine for totally 40 hours.

Is a girl able to endure that, can Amanda endure it?

Amanda was happy and enjoyed that the bailiff wanted to go to the cabin to spend the night with her, but she was worried as he told her that she would not be allowed to pee after 12 noon at the day before they leave.

Her poor bladder would be full from 20 hours before they start.

*060*2023-03-27 12:53

{{20 hours ago, HereToRest said:

I think the besto moment to plug her up is at the end of the day, forcing her to start the next day with no possibilites to pee.

}}

You mean that the „skinny „ should get plugged up at the end of the day, after she peed and before she goes to the bed?

Then she should stay plugged so that she can’t take her morning pee, she should go to the field and should work all day with her bladder full from the night?

*062*2023-03-29 19:03

{{On 3/28/2023 at 1:40 AM, HereToRest said:

I don't really have a preference. Amanda could be plugged at the end of the day when she retains more than a day's worth of urine in her. it would be exciting but we would be moving away from reality. On the other hand, plugging up the skinny girl after she pissed at the end of the day to punish her and force her to hold it for a very long time is also a tempting situation, and more realistic.

}}

The skinny tomboy should get punished for wetting her panties and for being I’ll bred.

She should get forced to hold it for a very long time.

How would you like it ?

Should she get plugged up, or should she hold it with her own willpower and her own body power?

*064*2023-04-01 21:14

{{On 3/30/2023 at 12:09 PM, HereToRest said:

I would love it if the skinny tomboy girl is plugged after peeing herself without authorization, and forced to keep the plug for a very long time (more than 24 hours) to show her her real limits and how big her bladder can get.

}}

I think to pee without permission should get punished!

You would like to make the tomboy girls bladder very, very big and to see it bulging out from her thin abdomen?

Would you not have a little bit mercy with her, if she would need to pee so very, very urgently and painful?

*067*2023-04-07 21:46

Amanda is a very pretty girl with a wonderful young and sexy body.

She has a XL bladder in her flat belly, she has a strong good trained sphincter and she has the willingness to endure a strong “need to pee urge “ therefore she was a super talent in pee holding.

The bailiff did like that combination and he had lust to sleep with a pretty girl who hold a bursting full bladder in her abdomen.

He told her that he want take her to the cabin at the mountains and he told her that she will be not allowed to pee after 3 pm at the day before.

He wanted the girl very full when they leave in the morning. He wanted to test the endurance of her super bladder and he wanted to test the absolutely limit of her holding ability and her bladder control.

He was absolutely determined not let her go to the toilet or squat somewhere before she is holding the urine from 40 hours in her bladder.

To watch her force herself to hold it back with all her willpower and her bodily power, because she getting forced to hold it, that would be one of the greatest turn on for him.

No pee for 40 hours for Amanda was his goal, no pee for her no matter how bad she would need to do it, no matter how painful it would get for her.

She had a dress order as well, her slim legs had to stay bare.

She could wear a vest, a pullover and a jacket, but her legs had to be nude. It was an extra turn on for him when the cold air was on the naked skin of her legs and when the cool wind was blowing under her clothes to her thighs up to her little panties.

Amanda remembered at their first walk how cold it was getting up at the mountains and how much that increased her pee urge and so she begged to be allowed to wear knees socks.

”Sure you can wear knee socks, but your knees and your thighs have to be naked and your bladder have to be full!” answered the guy.

They met at 9 am in the bailiff’s office. Like ordered did Amanda wear a vest and a jacket, but her knees and her thighs were naked.

For some guy’s are girls with knee socks especially sexy, the bailiff was one of them.

Amanda had a little rucksack with something to drink and some food.

Something to drink was the last what Amanda was needing at the moment.

Like at the first time they made a stop on the way to the cabin.

Amanda was sitting on a stump with her knees pressed together and bended up to her chin. The guy could see that way her naked thighs up to her panties.

That view made him horny and he wanted to increase his horniness so he asked her “do you need to pee?”

”Oh yes, very urgently! I need to go since yesterday after dinner, but i went to bed without a pee and i did not take a much needed pee this morning.

I have been a good girl, i obeyed what you ordered and not what my body ordered to me.” answered the girl.

”You would not let me squat here just for a few seconds ?” she asked with a begging voice.

“Oh no! It would be pity for every single drop of wee what would come out of you. Squeeze your slit together and hold it like a girl always should do.

Maybe I’ll let you go tomorrow morning, but until then you have your little cunt just for to get fucked and not for to piss!” answered the man.

*068*2023-04-08 20:07

“ I did not wee since nearly 20 hours, it will be absolutely impossible for me to hold it back for 20 hours more. No girl at the whole world will be able to do that.” answered Amanda and gave him a good view on her naked thighs and her little panties between her wonderful girl thighs.

She did know where his eyes were and she did know that this would turn him on and she did like it to make him horny that way.

”This young sluts drive me crazy!” though the guy to himself.

Especially to know that the girl was holding so much wee inside her and that her wee wanted to come out so urgently from the girls slit between her thighs which was covered just with a little bit of fabric, turned him on so much.

Amanda could see that he was suffering from horniness and wanted to torture him a little more.

She caressed her swollen bladder, was standing up, pushed the fabric of her clothes between her thighs and crossed her legs.

“Sorry but i need to pee so bad and the cold air on my nude thighs makes me need to to wee stronger and worse.“ said the girl.

She was standing right in front of him, with knee socks and her sexy girl thighs naked until up to her panties.

He was forced to touch the smooth, cool skin of her thighs, he was forced from his horniness to slipped her panties to side and pushed one finger deep inside the girl.

One hour and a half hours later they were at the cabin. The same as last time they made fire in the fireplace and after a short time it was pretty warm inside.

He stripped the girl until her panties and made himself nude, then they lay on a sheepskin in front of the fireplace.

He caressed the pretty girls sexy body with both hands. He could not resist to press soft in her belly where her full bladder was already visible.

Amanda moaned and whined from needing to wee, but that was just a reason for him to press harder in her abdomen, to increase her urge.

After a evening meal, they lay again on the floor in front of the fire. Amanda was needing to pee already very bad, she has not weed since 29 hours.

Her bladder was swollen and bulging out of her belly. The guy was laying on the young girls slim body and pressed with all his weight on the poor girls overfilled bladder.

It was painful for her to get her bladder squeezed and pressed so much, but she had no other chance than to let him do it.

He licked her at all parts of her body, he kissed her and started slowly to fuck her.

It was not so easy for her to endure that without to piss. She did need all her power to hold it back.

She did love it to get fucked from that young very attractive man, although her bladder was hurting.

After they were „ready „ Amanda thought and hoped that she would be allowed to pee now , but this time he was consequent, he did not let her.

He was leading her to the sleeping chamber.

“Please let me pee before sleeping, i am needing it so bad, it hurts me so bad. I have been such a good girl, i have been holding it since yesterday afternoon .“ was Amanda begging.

“No hold it back, your bladder can stretch and expand, it can get bigger. Maybe i let you go tomorrow early morning, but sleep now, if you sleep you don’t feel that you would need to pee.“ answered the man.

“ I can’t sleep with my bladder that full, I’ll wet our bed if you don’t let me go.“ said the girl.

They were laying face to face, “I help you holding it.“ said the man and pressed one of his thighs between the thighs of the girl. He could feel the wetness from her girl slit on the skin of his thigh.

”That can not be usual, that can not be normal not to urinate 30 hours and then go to sleep without to pee, to go to bed with a bladder full to explode. That is torture, that is unbearable!!!”said Amanda.

”Maybe that it is unusual, but i love it so much and i am sure that you can stand that, you are a girl and you girls can always endure more than they think, but now we should sleep.” replied the guy and was rubbing very hard with his thigh on the girls piss needing slit.

*069*2023-04-10 21:02

Amanda did know now that he would not let her pee, she did know that she had to try to sleep with her bursting full bladder.

She turned around on her other side and pulled her knees up to her chest, to give her bladder more room and to prevent that her abdomen muscles pressed from outside on her bulging overfilled bladder.

The guy pressed his hard penis against her naked ass and had one arm around her waist and could feel with his hand the hard big pissball in her lower abdomen.

Her bladder was sticking out from her belly like a dome between her hipbones.

”How bad must she need to pee with her bladder that full, how strong must her urge to piss be? How much longer can she endure it?” he asked himself.

After sleeping for some hours, he waked up from the restless from the girl.

”Is something wrong?” asked the man.

”You don’t really ask me that? You don’t let me pee since yesterday afternoon, my bladder is about to explode in my belly and you ask me if there would be something wrong.” answered the girl.

”Is it that bad?” whispered the guy with a simulated solicitousness, but in reality the girls torment could never be bad enough for him.

“I never needed to go to the toilet so bad and so urgently than at this moment !” replied Amanda.

”But you are able to hold it back ??!!!

You are so strong and i love that so much, you sure can stand it for some hours longer!”said the guy and pressed his hard dick from behind between her firm buttocks and against the girls slit and did hold with one hand Amanda’s swollen bladder what is bulging out so much from her belly.

”I know that you love it and i will do my best to enjoy you, but it is nearly no more to bear, my bladder hurts so much and my urge is so very, very painful.”answered the girl.

Again they fell in sleep for 3 more hours, then the poor girl waked up, she was frantic to pee, she was in agony and wanted out of the bed, but the guy held her back on her arm and pulled her back in the bed.

”I have to piss now, i can’t no more!!

My bladder will tear apart if you don’t let me go.” said Amanda and knotted her sexy, young legs.

”Oh no, i don’t let you go!! You are doing it so good, you are such a great girl, you did not piss even one drop since 39 hours, just one more hour, then you hold it back your hot girl wee from 40 hours in super bladder.”answered the guy and was holding her tight in his strong arms.

*070*2023-04-11 16:58

“ My body doesn’t work like a watch. My bladder has the function to collect my wee for some hours, but not for some days.

I am violate my poor bladder for so unnatural long, it became already big as a melon, it is stretched until it’s last fiber and it hurts me so much that it is nearly not to bear.

Let me pee now, it is already coming out of me.”was Amanda begging.

“No i don’t let you, it’s not even one more hour! It can’t be possible to you can’t last one hour.Take all your power and hold it!!!” answered the guy.

He was totally obsessed from his goal “ don’t let her piss for 40 hours “.

Amanda did know it, but she did not know that he wanted to fuck her that full.

Amanda pulled her knees up to her chin and pressed one hand hard against her pussy.

She was laying rolled together like a egg and was counting the seconds.

One hour later, he finally did let her out of the bed.

The girl was bending over and walked with one hand between her thighs pressed hard against her slit, what was needing to piss do unbelievable urgently.

Like last time she wanted to squat right beside the door, but he did not let her out. He made her lie on the sheepskin.

Her belly was swollen and looked like she was pregnant, her bladder was bulging out and was hard as a rock.

It was heavy labor for him to unknot her legs. She wanted to get fucked from this guy, but not full like that. She was afraid that he could burst her bladder, but he had no mercy with her.

Girls are made to get fucked and especially then when they are full to burst, was his principle.

Sure it would have been better if she would not have pissed for 2 full days, but 40 hours were really, really good, he thought and fucked the poor girl very hard.

Amanda was leaking when he pushed his big, hard penis deep inside her, but she did not piss, not even then when he pressed softly on her rock hard pee balloon from outside.

The man was so horny that it did not last very long until he was cuming.

The girl went bending over with one finger pressed on her peehole to the door.

Before she could shut her little hole with her finger, were running some drops of wee down on her naked legs.

As soon as she was just one step outside, she started to piss.

She pissed and pissed, she breathed loud and heavy. It was unbelievable how much wee was coming out of that young cunt.

After her for so long tortured bladder was empty, he did take her again in the bed.

Her slit and her legs were still a little bit wet and smelled from her wee, but the wee from a young girl smells very good and the bailiff did like it.

They were laying in the bed again, he was holding a very pretty girl with a gorgeous body in his arms, he had one of the most arousing experiences of his life just for some minutes behind him, but at the same moment he realized that the skinny tomboy girl was the girl who could turn him on the most.

To torture that skinny body, not let him piss if he would need to, to make that body hold his urine until the bladder is bulging out between the pregnant hipbones could make him more horny than anything else.

To see the tomboy’s skinny legs knotted, to see her thin girl thighs pressed hard together, to see her rubbing her bony knees from needing to piss so very, very bad and urgently, is the most arousing that he can imagine.

He likes her dirty underbred tomboy talking and he like especially to have a good reason for to punish her for that.

To press hard and deep in her thin belly, to push hard on her very full bladder, or not allow her to use the toilet before sleeping, or not let her piss in the morning, is always a good punishment.

This skinny body is simply made to get tortured from him and on the other hand, the tomboy is a little masochist, she likes to get her body tortured from that man and she likes to suffer for him.

Need to piss, but not being allowed to go, is one of her favorite torment!

*071*2023-04-14 22:01

We know that on this large farm are working some girls at different performances.

2 of them are accustomed to work at the field with no opportunity to wee all day long. It is common for them to suppress their urge until they get back to the farm.

The chubby girl did learn as well to hold it and to work with a very full bladder for hours.

Now there is Reese, she was get trained from the bailiff to act like a young women, even when her bladder was full to burst.

She was already able to hide her urge and her need no matter how bad she was needing to go, like women and big girls had to do that, to that time.

Then there was the natural wonder Amanda.

No one of the girls or women were able not to pee for so long as she was.

To hold her urine back for such an unnatural long time and to let him fuck her with her bladder full from 40 hours was absolutely a top performance!

There was now the the skinny tomboy girl, the girl who was able to drive the bailiff nearly crazy. Just to see her mad him want to torture her and to fuck her.

It was now late summer, early autumn. The work at field was nearly done.

The girls had to do some other works at the farm and they would have been able to use the toilet touring the day, they would no more being forced to hold their full bladders for hours.

That would be circumstances what the bailiff absolutely did not like, so he made pee rules for the girls.

It should be a part educational of their development to learn to control their bodies and their bodily needs and especially it should satisfy the bailiff’s fetish and lust for desperate girls.

He made a toilet schedule for the girls, the girls should be allowed to pee only three times at the day.

Or would it be “enough” for young, healthy girls to piss just twice a day!!?

He was not sure, but he thought that he will think about it, but he was sure that to cancel the girls one piss for doing something wrong will be a good punishment, maybe to cancel them two for a bad offense. He was sure that there would always be a good reason for him, to let the girls not go to the toilet.

Don’t let a girl pee when she is needing it so very, very bad, don’t let her go when her bladder is overfilled, is the best kind of punishment for a guy who loves to see girls desperate to pee and to see them fight to keep their panties dry.

One early evening the bailiff met the “skinny” and he said “we should spend again time together.”

”For torturing me, or for to fuck me?”she asked underbred and provocative.

“I think for both, you should get punished very hard.” answered the guy.

”But why? I did not wet my panties, look my little panties are absolutely dry.” she said and lifted her clothes to show him her panties and her naked slim girl thighs.

”Your naughty, dirty, skinny, little body makes me horny and therefore should this body get punished and tortured. You should know your body has no rights, not even the right to piss!” replied the guy.

”I know that you can do what ever you want with me, but today you will have not much joy with me, i pissed just one hour ago.” the girl answered and smiled.

“That will be absolutely no problem. You come now with me, i make you drink 1.500ml water, your stomach will become very full and swollen and I’ll watch how the water moves slowly from your stomach into your bladder. What do you think how long you and your girl bladder can endure that?” said the guy and took her by her hand to lead her to his rooms.

*072*2023-04-16 13:51

As soon as they were in his rooms she had to strip her clothes except to her little panties.

To see her skinny body, to see her super flat belly and her sexy, slim legs, made him total horny.

Without any order, she laid herself on the sofa. She did know that it turns him on to see her in her panties, sometimes he did like that more than to see her totally naked.

The gal wanted to turn him on and she wanted to make him horny. She was like a little slut and she acted like a slut.She pushed the waist band of her panties down until she did show him the top of her girl slit.

Her belly curved inside between her pregnant hipbones when she was laying on her back.

He could not resist to press hard and deep in her lower abdomen.

Touring he pressed and pushed he thought at her bladder and he thought that he would overfill her that horny thing inside her until it gets big like a little pumpkin, until it does not have enough room in her skinny belly, until it gets swollen and bulging out between her hipbones up to navel.

He did know very well what she was doing to him, he did know very well that she did like to tease him with her sexy, skinny body and he did know that she should get punished for that.

He wanted to make her suffer from needing to pee like she did never before in her life, he would not let her piss not even when her bladder gets hard as a rock.

The guy brought 2 bottles of water and said “drink!”

”How much do i have to drink?” wanted the girl know.

“One and a half bottles, we will see, maybe all 2.” answered the man.

“Oh my god, i can’t do that, i can’t drink so much. Look at me, i never ever can i hold 1 1/2 liter in my thin body. You really want to make me piss my panties ?”said the girl.

” Oh no, i don’t want to make you piss your panties, i want to make you hold, you are not even allowed to piss your panties!

You dirty, little slut have to drink all that water and you HAVE to hold it until i will allow you to piss and i will not let you go until your eyes turns yellow.”answered the man.

”Oh my god, that sounds so brutal , you really want to torture a poor, helpless girl so much? What has my poor bladder done to you that it must get tortured so bad? asked the girl and smiled.

”Yes, absolutely yes, i love it to torture you, your sexy, thin body must get tortured, it is made for that and it is made for me to torture it!

Your bladder has to pay for my horniness, this thing in your belly must simply get tortured for that! But now stop to talk, drink finally!” answered the guy.

The “skinny “ was a little bit afraid, because she did not know how much pee need and how much bladder pain she would have to endure and how much she would be able to stand, but on the other hand it was turning her on to get forced to drink and to get forced to hold her wee back. She was a masochist and did like to get dominated and tortured from that man.

She started to drink, but after the third glass she had to stop, it was not so easy to drink so much in a short time.

After the first bottle she said “ that will be enough, i can’t no more.”

”I’ll tell you when it is enough. If you don’t drink the next two glasses in 10 minutes, I’ll make you drink the whole second bottle and then I’ll cork you up until tomorrow, then you will see and feel what your thin body is able to hold and to endure.” replied the man.

She had no other choice than to do drink. Swallow by swallow she emptied the glasses until she had 1 1/2 liter water in her stomach.

They lay both on the sofa, both in their undies.

The guy kneaded the girls small, firm breasts, he caressed her thighs and pushed one and sometimes two fingers deep inside the girl.

The girl was moaning from lust and horniness and moved her little ass like she was lying in an anthill. She kissed him tender and leaked with her soft, wet tongue over his cheeks, over his necke, his ears and over all his body.

That girl was born for love and for sex.

Her stomach was now swollen from all that water and looked like she was pregnant.

The guy could not wait until the swelling went down from her stomach under her navel, down to her lower abdomen. He could not wait until all the water becomes to pee.

He wanted to watch her bladder growing, he wanted so see how it will bulging out more and more and he was waiting how the girls urge will getting stronger and stronger.

How long will it last until the water gets in her bladder and how long will she be able to hold it in her bladder???

*075*2023-04-23 07:26

{{21 hours ago, HereToRest said:

What I like best about your stories is that each character is very realistic. They are not able to retain fantastic amounts of urine, but rather large, but reasonable and realistic amounts.

Despite this, you manage to describe the despair and the character of each character in writing.

Please continue like this!

}}

Thank you for your compliment, i am really glad that you like my stories and that you like the way i write it.

I like that too if the holding time and the holding amount is nearly realistic.

The girls should have a very large and a very strong bladder. They should have the body power and the willpower to overfill their bladder even it is getting painful.

They should be able to endure and to bear to get their bladder tortured, to get their bladder expand and overstretched to oversize.

Girls are made to hold their pee and that is it what they should do.

I’ll try my best to continue.

*076*2023-04-23 15:08

The skinny and the bailiff were laying on the sofa, he caressed her sexy, slim body and she licked with her soft, wet tongue over his cheeks and over his lips.

”I need to wee.” she whispered with a softly voice in his ear.

”I know it and i love it!

It is your mission, need to wee.” he answered.

He could not resist to test the intensity of her urge and therefore he pressed with one hand hard and deep in her lower abdomen, he pressed right over her pubic bone, right on her swollen bladder.

”Oh no, please don’t do that, my need to wee is anyway strong enough without pushing you on my bladder.” said the girl.

” It seams that you still don’t know that your need to pee can be NEVER strong enough for me.” he answered “ and i think that therefore you should drink the rest of the second bottle,”

”Please no more to drink, there is still so much water on the way to my bladder.

What has my poor bladder done to you that you want to torture it so hard and so bad?”asked the girl.

“Your bladder has nothing done to me, converse, i love your bladder, i love to see it, i love to feel it, i just want to make it as big as possible.

Your bladder is like a sex toy for me for to play and the bigger it gets the hotter it gets for me to play with it, but drink now.” Said the guy and pressed again deep in the girls thin belly.

”May i play with that?” asked the girl and was sliding with her hand in the guy’s undies and did take his hard penis in her hand to squeeze it and to rub it.

”Oh yes you may! Do you like that?asked the man.

”Yes i love it!! I love that very much! May i stay overnight?” asked the girl.

”Sure you may stay, but you will not be allowed to piss before sleeping, you will be not allowed to go to the toilet until tomorrow morning.”answered the man.

” I love to stay, but i am afraid that i will explode in the night if you don’t let me to the toilet all night long, but i think you will let me go before my bladder will burst?” said the girl.

”No i’ll not let you, how bad it ever will get for you, you HAVE to hold it, you bladder will have probably to get bigger than ever before in your life.” answered the man.

” You’re such a bad sadist, but I’ll stay, i let me torture from you, i let torture you my poor bladder.”said the girl, pressed her thin body against his strong body and kissed him.

*077*2023-05-06 11:46

The bailiff have seen a lot of girls needing to wee, he made a lot of girls hold a very full bladder for a very long extended period of time, but he never before had seen a girl bladder growing out of a girls belly.

The skinny tomboy girl was a masochist, she did like to get tortured, she did like it to get dominated, especially she did like it need to pee, but not being allowed to go, not get a permission to relieve one self.

She wanted to get denied as long as any possible, but on the other hand she was afraid from that, because she did not know how much her bladder can stand.

The gal was a slut too, she did know very well that she could use her young, slim body and her bladder to make the guy horny.

She did like that and she used it to tease him.

”Your little girl is needing to wee, may she go?” she asked and smiled.

”Just for asking me, you must get punished! You know very well that you are not allowed to piss until tomorrow morning.”he answered and pressed hard and deep in her lower abdomen.

She moaned and groaned and was twisting her thin body and her skinny legs from needing to wee, but did get aroused from getting tortured this way.

”You are such a bad guy.” said the tomboy “you make your girl drink so much and don’t let her wee, but you press and push on her belly to torture her poor bladder.

”Apropos drink so much, you still did not drink the rest of the second bottle. Drink it now!” he said and gave her the water glass.

”You don’t know that we girls are needing to wee so bad and so urgently if we are made to drink so much??” said the girl, smiled and did drink the rest.

He did like to torture her and she did like to tease him with her full bladder and her need to wee. The young girl did love it to make the big, mighty man horny and to turn him on with her skinny body and her ability to hold her wee.

”If you naughty gal don’t stop to talk like that, I’ll make you hold until you explode.” answered the man and started to fuck her.

The girl fucked so great, she was a super talent in fucking, she moved her little ass like she was lying in a anthill, she entwined the guy’s hips with her thin girl legs and pushed her young cunt hard against his dick so that he could get so deep as possible inside her.

”Oh my god, it is getting so bad if you push so hard with your penis from inside on my overfilled bladder. I am afraid that I’ll wet the bed.” said the skinny.

”You will not do that, I’ll punish you if you do that, I’ll plug you up until tomorrow evening, if you piss just one drop!” he said and pressed with his hand from outside on her swollen bladder.

”You are such a sadist!! Do you not have a little pity with your girls hurting bladder, do you not have a little mercy with your girl who is needing to pee so bad?” whispered the girl in his ears turning she fucked him.

” Oh no, not just a tiny bit!” he said and pushed his penis harder and deeper inside the girl and poked her bladder from outside.
