DCEU Cyborg fanfiction

Author: HaruhiSuzumiya

*000*2019-02-01 22:23

Cyborg slowly raised his eyelids and awoke to see himself laying in bed, in his room, in the apartment the newly-formed Justice League called their headquarters. Most of his surroundings seemed no different than usual; however, something wasn't quite right, and that was a wet sensation he noticed stemming from underneath his body, like he was sleeping on a puddle. Lifting the covers, Cyborg sat up and realized where this mysterious water had came from as soon as he inhaled.

"What the hell..." How could Cyborg, someone who'd never done it in his youth and was currently a college-aged young adult, suddenly wet the bed? The black teen felt his face flush. "I-I can't..." he stammered to himself. Immediately, he sprung off the bed like it was a trampoline, grabbed the damp sheets off it and stuffed them in his arms, and quickly ran as fast as he could to the laundry room, where he'd wash all evidence of his bladder failure right off. He had to make it downstairs before anyone saw him, which would probably be impossible. And indeed it was; Barry came in and saw the beet-faced Cyborg holding his bedsheets.

"What's wrong, Cyborg?" Barry asked.

"N-n-nothin'. I swear. I'm f-f-fine," nervously muttered Cyborg.

Based on his expression and the telltale red blush, Barry deduced that Cyborg had wet the bed. "Did you... go #1 in the middle of the night?"

A brief pause, then "YES! Yes I did." Cyborg's embarrassment grew stronger, and he felt like wanting to die, right there, right at that moment. "P-p-please don't tell anyone. Please."

"I promise I won't," said Barry. "Trust me."

"Okay, if ya say so..." Cyborg replied with an air of suspicion. Having the entire Justice League know of his new bedwetting problem would be the end of the world for him; he'd no longer be able to take seriously. Combined with the robotic equipment grafted onto him, which made him look like a weird mismatch of human and machine, the incident had Cyborg pretty ashamed of living on this Earth. He decided to talk it over and try to have himself move on. "Come on, Cyborg," he said under his breath. "Even adults wet the bed once in a while. So what? It happened just once. There's no way it's gonna be a recurrin' problem like you're a little kid or somethin'..." Then he resumed his trip to the laundry room to wash his sheets.

The day went by with no question from Barry or the rest of the Justice League about what had happened that morning. Barry did promise not to tell a soul, after all. Strangely, Cyborg didn't have to use the bathroom at all. The average human went at least once or twice per day, and even though Cyborg was, well... he was still an average human. That night, Cyborg cautiously laid down to sleep. His mind was focused on possibly wetting the bed a second time. Trying to quell his worries, Cyborg reiterated what he had told himself earlier that day.

"C'mon. It happened ONCE and that's it," he said before he dozed off.

Cyborg dreamed a relatively mundane dream like he always did; this time, he was tossing a football in the air and catching it. During this, he was slightly humming a vague tune to himself. Suddenly, a wave of water the size of a tsunami barged into Cyborg's living room and caught the poor young adult hero in its grasp. Cyborg desperately struggled to stay afloat, gasping for air as he felt the water level rising. His cries for help went unheard by everyone. His dad nor the Justice League were there to save him; it was just Cyborg vs. the tidal wave surrounding him, sucking him in. Eventually, Cyborg felt himself becoming weaker and weaker as the water got in his mouth, disrupting his breathing; he hadn't got it in his bones to continue fighting against the torrent he was immersed in. He had no choice but to finally succumb and drown, his last "words" being a gurgling wail of agony.

Cyborg woke up with a jolt; catching his breath to reassure himself he hadn't actually drowned in a humungous pool of water and it had all been a dream. The cause of the giant wave's appearance in his dream became more apparent when he glanced downwards... he had wet the bed again. The iron-fisted man became speechless at the puddle of urine he'd made in his sleep, knowing this was the second night he'd done it. He got off the bed and took the wet sheets, heading downstairs toward the laundry room, hoping he wouldn't awake anybody.

Part 2 is comin' soon...

*001*2019-02-23 21:29

Today was even worse than yesterday. All poor Cyborg could think about was how he wet the bed again; all he felt was shame and guilt for having developed such a childish problem. He had to continuously tell himself it wasn't that big of a deal; he'd probably only done it out of his worries the day before, etc. Eventually, Cyborg was so concerned he had to consult Barry.

"Barry, h-have you told anybody about my... ya know... problem?" Cyborg asked.

"Problem? What problem?" Barry asked.

"...goin' #1 in the middle of the night, remember?"

"That's a problem?"

"Well, it is now. Woke up this mornin' with my bedsheets soaked. Reoccurin' thing."

"It's okay, Vic. It's got no impact on your social life whatsoever. I promise I won't tell anyone."

"Thanks."

That night, Cyborg had given up on reassuring himself everything would be okay, as he knew what was undoubtedly going to happen in his sleep. His head hit the pillow, and the next thing he knew, he found himself in the midst of a strange dream. This time, he was stranded in an ocean alone. He wasn't sinking or anything, just wading afloat in the water without a care. There was a faint sense of urgency that Cyborg kept ignoring, like something within him ached; as he stood there submersed, the water level seemed to grow higher, yet he remained at land level. Nothing happened in the dream minus this occasional level rise. It went on like this until Cyborg awoke. And his prediction had come true: when he woke up that morning, he had indeed wet the bed yet again. Even so, Cyborg's face still turned red as a tomato as he saw the puddle he'd made. Again, he went to wash his sheets.

Even though Barry promised not to tell anyone, Cyborg had gone insane with worry. He finally mustered enough courage to tell the rest of the Justice League about his problem. So at their daily meeting, Cyborg raised his hand cautiously.

"Uh, I have something to tell you..."

"What is it, Victor?" said Clark.

"For three nights now, I-I've been... wettin' the bed."

Cyborg had to endure the laughter that followed from all the other team members except Barry. He blushed the hardest he'd ever blushed, before stammering, "I-it's not funny!"

"Really, guys," Barry said. "Vic told me this before and how he's worried about it. He's a young adult who's currently wetting the bed like a five year old."

"Maybe it's due to a personal problem," Diana told the group. "I've heard of people who wet the bed over stuff like divorce."

"Naw, can't be," said Cyborg. "Every night, I have these weird dreams that always involve water. Two nights ago, I dreamt I drowned in a huge-ass tidal wave. Last night, dreamt I was just... floatin' there in the ocean."

"Then we'll have to find out," Diana responded.

"Are you sure you don't need dependents, Cyborg?" Barry joked.

Cyborg shot Barry a look. "How dare ya?"

The rest of the day seemed just about fine until Diana went to wash her hands and left the sink running by mistake. Cyborg happened to overhear while walking by, and froze as the droplets of water pitter-pattering into the drain resonated within his soul, creating a surge of urgency in his bladder. He knew when he had to go, and he had to go right then and there. Somehow, the drips and drops of the sink water translated to a stream of urine running through his urethra into the toilet. Not wanting to leak like he did in the middle of the night, Cyborg rushed into the bathroom, quickly turned off the faucet, and sat down on the toilet to empty himself. ...However, no matter how hard he tried and strained, nothing came out of his bottom. Eventually, tired and not wanting to cause any damage to his urethra, Cyborg got up off the toilet, washed his hands, and left the bathroom.

Part 3...

