Five Times Fritz Was Desperate

Author: HoldingIsFun

*000*2023-01-24 04:18

I wrote this ages ago for a friend on discord. Super quick backstory is that Horst and Fritz were soldiers in world war 2 who are also lovers and in their eyes at least even if not legally are married. I write Fritz and she writes Horst and generally it's set in the 1950s so all is nice and happy. 😁 Fritz has a pee kink that his husband indulges him in. She requested I write her a 5 times Fritz was desperate story that included peeing behind a tree. I did then realised that I hadn't squeezed in any trees so you get a bonus scenario. Also I had to let him pee after all that so you also get a bonus, bonus scenario. I hope you enjoy it.

1. On Exercise.

Fritz lay in the damp grass, squirming and desperately trying to ignore the ache in his bladder as he watched the comings and goings at the enemy HQ.

He’d been laying here for over an hour, watching as the guards patrolled the road leading to the small wooden building, trying to memorise their movements so he could lead his men inside and take out the enemy commander, hopefully ending the whole war in one move.

The red team of the army always seemed to win these things but Groß, their company commander, had promised them all a weeks leave if the blue team of the air force won it this year. The man was a giant… bigger even than Fritz himself and as much as Fritz wanted that leave he wanted whatever punishment Groß might come up with if they lost even less.

Luckily the army didn’t know that Fritz and his fellow air force officer trainees had a tactical genius on their side, a skinny fellow by the name of Mohn. Recruit Mohn might talk funny but he had a sound grasp of tactics and stunning good looks despite being way to thin. Fritz found him intriguing… and very, very attractive.

He’s unsure whether it’s fear of failing his commanding officer or fear of disappointing his new crush that keeps Fritz where he is, squirming on the cold ground and desperately hoping that the order is given to attack before he wets himself, but either way, he doesn’t dare move, just glances round before surreptitiously squeezing his cock, the need to pee steadily growing.

Gunfire erupts to his right, half the platoon causing the distraction as planned so Fritz along with Mohn and the remaining two men can slip into the HQ building unnoticed. The plan works perfectly and Fritz is up and running, squeezing himself one last time to keep from leaking before he follows the others, storming the building and taking the cursing army guys completely by surprise.

Groß must have been nearby because he turns up not five minutes later, congratulating the men, patting Mohn’s shoulder and praising him for coming up with such a bold plan. Standing in the shadows Fritz smiles at the man, pleased that he’s getting recognition. Groß leaves and the rest follow, Mohn the last to leave barring Fritz himself. He watches as the tall, skinny man, dark hair hidden under his steel helmet gives him a shy smile, thanking Fritz for his part in the success of the mission. Fritz smiles back at his new found friend, wanting to stay, to ask him if he had plans for his leave… or did he maybe want to spend the week with Fritz. Of course his bladder has to choose this time to make itself known, reminding him that he was still desperate for a piss, the need temporarily forgotten in the adrenaline of attack. He squirms uncomfortably, frowning when he sees Mohn frown, probably thinking that Fritz was squirming because of him.

“Sorry, it’s not you,” he mutters tightly, having to cross his legs as his bladder threatens to give out. “Sorry,” Fritz apologises again, desperate to reassure the shy man that it wasn’t anything he’d said or done. “Just desperate to pee,” Fritz says, cheeks flushing. “Maybe we can talk properly later… even spend leave together if you like?” Fritz doesn’t wait to hear a reply, need overwhelming him and forcing him to run out the door, looking for a secluded spot to pee.

He’ll never make the treeline in time, even if he runs, Fritz thinks desperately. The rest of the platoon seems to have made their way back to barracks, it’s just him out there and Mohn inside, what if he comes out and sees you Fritz’s brain reminds him. Too late, it’s either pee here or wet himself. Desperately, Fritz fumbles with his buttons, fumbling them open as quickly as he can, reaching in to yank his cock out, aiming it at the side of the building and sighing in relief as his stream starts almost immediately, the flow gushing out of him strong and fast as it floods out to stain the wooden wall before dripping down to form a puddle at his feet. Biting back a moan at how good it feels to go after holding it for so long, Fritz is just shaking himself off and tucking himself away when he’s aware of Mohn approaching. How long has he been there, wonders Fritz, he’d been concentrating so much on the relief of peeing that he’d never even noticed the man.

“Horst Mohn,” he says, holding out a hand to shake as Fritz looks up at him, face glowing at having possibly been caught with his cock out and moaning as he pissed. “If we’re going to be spending a whole weeks leave together you should probably know my first name,” the dark haired recruit continues with a shy smile. At least Fritz thinks that’s what he says, the strong Black Forest accent making Mohn… Horst, difficult to understand.

“Fritz von Arnsfeld,” Fritz replies, “as you probably already know,” he murmurs, Fritz’s attraction for the man making him nervous. “You… you probably don’t want to shake my hand to be honest, not after…” he gestures to the damp wall and Horst blushes dropping his hand. “No, I suppose not,” he says quietly and Fritz hopes he hasn’t just ruined the start of what he hopes will be a firm friendship if nothing else.

“Come on,” Horst continues, “let’s get back to base before Groß wonders what we’re up to.”

Fritz finds himself flushing, knowing that Horst likely didn’t mean it the way his mind wished an encounter in the woods, just the two of them, could go. “Come on my new found friend… let’s go,” Fritz agrees, as they slowly make their way back to barracks for the debriefing.

2. Guard Duty.

The hot Crete sun beats down on him as Fritz takes another sip from his canteen, the water not helping much to cool him down as he stands guard outside their small compound with Horst. He glances at his boyfriend, taking the chance to grab himself while Horst is looking the other way as the water adds to an already full and bulging bladder. Horst had snuck off for a pee break twenty minutes ago, Fritz promising to cover for him and Fritz is beginning to think that turning down his boyfriend’s offer of the same had been a bad idea. At the time he was confident that he could hold on but now, with all the water he’d been drinking, Fritz isn’t so sure.

Horst turns back just as Fritz lets go of his cock. He might have missed that but he can’t miss the way Fritz is squirming as he paces back and forth, leg jiggling in an effort to distract Fritz from the pleasant ache in his bladder.

Horst looks around, checking they are truly alone before he murmurs quietly, “why don’t you just go baby, you look like you’re bursting. I promise I’ll cover for you like you did for me, no one need know baby.”

Fritz shakes his head stubbornly, determined to hold on. “It’s not worth it now,” he reasons, glancing at his watch. “Sergeant Beck will be here to relieve us in another ten minutes.” It’s a pretty thin excuse but Horst doesn’t say anything, merely gives him a long hard look. Fritz can hardly admit the real reason he hasn’t gone yet, that he enjoys this feeling of mounting desperation, confident that he can last another ten minutes, though probably not much longer.

Twenty five minutes later and Fritz is a lot less confident, pacing non stop as he crosses his legs, bladder stretched to almost breaking point. “Shit,” he mutters to himself as he sneakily grabs his cock. “I’m going to have to go in a minute if he doesn’t turn up soon.” Five minutes later Klaus Beck finally puts in an appearance, rushing up to relieve them. Fritz doesn’t wait to hear the man’s explanation, rushing off instead to relieve himself and leaving Horst behind to give the sergeant a thorough bollocking.

Fritz rushes into the nearby bushes, hurriedly whipping his cock out to let his stream flow swiftly as he waters the foliage in a downpour that lasts a good two minutes. The relief he feels as his bladder starts to empty is immense and Fritz has to bite his lip to keep from moaning in sheer delight. “Fuck that feels good,” he mutters to himself as the hot clear stream shows no signs of stopping after a minute. Finally his bladder is empty and Fritz can shake his cock free from the last few drops of piss that linger before tucking himself neatly back in his boxers. Horst is waiting for him a little way off and Fritz smiles shyly, hoping his boyfriend hadn’t heard his words of relief.

“Feel better now?” Horst asks him playfully, smiling when Fritz casually drapes an arm around his boyfriend’s shoulders.

“Much,” Fritz replies. “We’re free until 18:00, whatever can we find to do,” he says with a matching smile as they walk back in the direction of their sleeping quarters.

3. Drunk.

Fritz is so drunk, he thinks foggily as he weaves his way down the street, watching as Horst laughs at something Dieter says, the pair in front of him, almost as drunk as himself. He’s lost track of the number of pints he’s downed tonight but it’s plenty and they all seem to have hit his bladder at once as the ache that Fritz has felt all evening intensifies ten fold.

They’ve just entered the darkened back streets of the sleepy town, still a fair way from getting home when Fritz stops dead, crossing his legs and grabbing for his cock as he feels his bladder complain again. The other two men are half way down the alley before they realise Fritz is no longer behind them. “Fritz, are you OK?” Horst calls out, hurrying back to him as he stands swaying, fumbling with the buttons of his fly, drink making him uncoordinated and unable to get them open quick enough.

“Fuck I need to piss,” he slurs, fumbling in a panic as he feels his control starting to slip. “Can’t get my sodding trousers open, please Horst… I’m going to piss myself…” he looks up at his boyfriend, begging desperately for help as he struggles with the buttons. “I mean it,” Fritz whines desperately as Dieter snorts his amusement. “Gonna piss myself in a minute.”

“Go help your drunken boyfriend,” Dieter says with a smothered laugh. “I’ll keep a look out.” Horst is already moving, batting Fritz’s fumbling fingers out of the way and smoothly undoing his trousers, pushing the fly open and pulling Fritz out of his pants, holding him when Fritz makes no move to grab himself just lets go, sighing in relief as he pees, golden stream strong and hissing out into the warm night, splashing against the cobbles. Fritz moans softly, too drunk to even think about holding in his feelings. “Feels good baby,” he slurs, turning towards Horst to thank him, Horst cursing as he has to try to steer Fritz back as his stream sprays wildly and Dieter falls about laughing.

4. Truck Journey.

Fritz is regretting chugging down that last coffee at the base before they’d set off on the journey towards their new barracks. Like the rest of the company Fritz had no idea where they were going or how long it would be. Horst’s choice to sit as far back from the tailgate and the biting wind seemed good at the start of the journey but not so much now that Fritz was squirming and desperate for a pee. At least it was dark here and if he was careful Fritz could clutch his cock whenever the truck would hit a particularly vicious pothole causing the contents of Fritz’s bladder to slosh around painfully. “It’s no good,” Fritz whispers to Horst, who is sitting next to him. “I’m going to have to go out the back.”

“You can’t baby,” Horst whispers back. Can’t you see the snow blowing in through the back, if you pee out there it will just blow back over you.”

Fritz moans softly. “I’m bursting baby. That coffee has gone straight through me.” He jiggles his leg impatiently, bladder feeling hard and bloated. “Not sure I can hold on much longer,” Fritz confesses, cheeks red in the dim interior of the bouncing truck. The need hits Fritz again and he bites his lip and squirms in his seat, feeling Horst’s hand in his, squeezing softly. “Hold on baby… I’m sure it won’t be much longer.”

Fritz doesn’t know how much longer it is before the truck arrives at their destination, just knows that he doesn’t care anymore who knows he needs to pee as he feels everyone must, his leg having been jumping constantly for the last twenty minutes. He’d even debated pissing in his steel helmet, so desperate was he to go before the pitch of the engine had changed and the truck had slowed and stopped. The second the tailgate is dropped Fritz is up, legs crossed as he waits to get off, receiving a mixture of sympathetic looks and low chuckles from his comrades around him.

Fritz jumps down from the truck, groaning at the jolt to his bladder causes his cock to spurt, thankfully nothing showing under the thick winter greatcoat. He looks around desperately, searching for somewhere to pee but seeing nothing but white snow, instead of the base he was expecting.

“Five minute stop for a rest break,” Groß calls out gruffly, Fritz hearing the giant man before he sees him. “Piss while you can lads, otherwise you’ll end up like poor von Arnsfeld here,” he laughs, clapping a squirming Fritz on the shoulder causing the contents of his bladder to slosh and a desperate wave of need to hit him.

“Fuck, gotta go,” Fritz curses, racing for the relative privacy of the truck as he struggles to pull himself out through all the layers. As soon as the cold air hits his cock Fritz is pissing, turning the snow yellow as he soaks the truck’s tyre, too desperate to even try to write his name in the snow. “Fuck that feels better,” he sighs as his bladder drains and the rest of the company follow his lead, Horst moving to stand next to him out of the way, cock in hand as he waits for his bladder to release while the usual suspects stand out in the open, unashamed and laughing as they compete to see who can pee the furthest, the evidence of the winner clear in the virginal white snow. “That’s the closest I’ve come to pissing myself,” he whispers to Horst as his stream ends and his husband’s starts. Fritz tucks himself away slowly, taking his time and trying to watch his husband pee without making it too obvious what he’s doing.

5. Morning Briefing.

Fritz shifts in his seat as his bladder complains loudly. He crosses his legs as casually as he can, watching as Horst squirms beside him, both of them feeling the urge to pee after waking up late and rushing to get ready, arriving at the morning briefing with the Kommandant with moments to spare. Unfortunately for both that means they had to rush straight there, no time to even pay a quick visit to the bathroom. Fritz watches as Horst bites his lip, pressing his legs together carefully. If his husband was feeling the pressure things were much worse for Fritz, always desperate to go first thing after he woke up. He squeezes his legs together unable to concentrate on anything but the feeling of desperation that makes Fritz squirm again and he risks jiggling his leg under the table. Hopefully Horst would be paying attention and could catch him up on anything he misses.

The Kommandant drones on for what feels like forever to Fritz as he bites his lip and moans softly, jumping when the Kommandant clears his throat, enquiring if he’s alright. “Sorry sir, just a slight headache sir,” Fritz lies, squirming again, feeling a damp spot forming on the front of his boxers from the spurt he couldn’t contain when he’d jumped in surprise.

“I think we can wrap things up there gentlemen,” the Kommandant tells them softly. “Make sure not to overdo things Major von Arnsfeld,” Karl tells him quietly and Fritz nods distractedly as he tries to compose himself enough to stand up without losing control when he untwists his legs. Horst stands, holding the door for him and Fritz practically runs out the door, heading for the washroom just down the corridor. Horst follows him, his own bladder no doubt feeling the strain but Fritz can’t stop to wait for him, rushing to the urinal and pulling his cock out as his control finally snaps, piss flowing like a fountain to hiss against the stained porcelain. “God that was close,” he moans, the relief feeling amazing as he pisses like a racehorse.

6. Against a tree bonus.

Fritz squirms in his seat, every minute seeming to last an hour as he tries to concentrate on his work. It was all his husband’s fault that Fritz is feeling this exquisite torture, his bladder aching and full. Horst had called him at lunch time, for no other reason than to hear Fritz’s voice, his last words deceptively casual as he suggests that Fritz try not to visit the toilet between now and home time.

Finally 17:30 arrives and Fritz can stand carefully, having to pause a moment and breathe through the need that hits him. He makes his way out, waiting in the car park for Kurt who had promised him a lift home. Ten minutes of desperate squirming later and a red faced Kurt rushes out, apologising to Fritz that something has come up and he needs to stay late and won’t be able to give Fritz that lift after all.

“No problem Kurt, I can walk” Fritz calls out, crossing his legs as soon as his boss has gone back inside. Fritz is almost home, just reaching the edge of the forest and their cosy cottage nearly in sight when he realises that he’s not going to make it home before he wets himself. He looks around desperately for somewhere to go, deciding that he really has no option than to duck into the forest and go behind a tree, wishing that Horst was there to keep a look out but knowing getting caught peeing in the forest is far better than the alternative.

Fritz unbuttons his trousers as swiftly as he can, pulling his cock out and sighing softly at the anticipation of the relief that’s to follow then swearing when his bladder refuses to empty despite the desperate need. “Oh, come on,” he curses, nervously looking around to see if anyone is around to see him like this. “I need to pee so bad,” he mutters. “Why won’t you just go.” Just as Fritz decides to give up and tuck himself away his brain decides to stop playing games and pee and he has to hurry to pull himself out again, pointing his cock at the tree as his stream finally starts. The relief is instant and almost orgasmic after holding it for so long, Fritz biting his lip and smiling to himself as he watches the tree bark darken where his pee soaks it, pouring out to leave a foaming puddle and a very large and very visible mark on the tree, obvious to anyone that passes by just what’s occurred.

Feeling much better Fritz finishes off, shaking his cock well before he puts himself away, straightening his tie as he heads out of the forest to continue his journey home and share his experience with Horst. He’s looking forward to his husband’s reaction, wondering if Horst will even wait until tea is finished to drag him upstairs.

+1 Fun in the sun.

“Please baby, I need to go so bad,” Fritz begs as they walk arm in arm through the forest towards their glade.

“Nearly there, hold it in just a little longer,” Horst orders, command voice giving Fritz no doubt that his husband expected to be obeyed.

“Not sure I can baby, I’m really desperate… shouldn’t have had that second cup of coffee,” he groans. Fritz is dancing on the spot, panting in desperation as a wave of need hits him, his overfull bladder solid and bulging under his thin cotton shirt aches from the sheer volume of liquid Fritz is asking it to hold. He clutches his cock, moaning in desperation as he tries to walk the last few metres to the privacy of the glade, unwilling to let go here where there’s a slim chance someone might walk by but really not sure he can hold out, his control right on the edge.

“Concentrate sweetheart, breathe through it and hold on just a few more minutes,” Horst says softly, hand soothing against Fritz’s back as he jams both hands between his legs to keep from leaking and shuffles the short distance into the glade, every step making him feel like he’s going to leak and lose it at any moment. “Good job baby, you made it.” Fritz sighs in relief, the trees seeming to form a protective circle round the pair of them that hide them from prying eyes and the outside world.

“Can I go now baby… please. I’ve been ever so good and not leaked at all but I can’t hold on much longer.” The feeling of safety, the relief that he’s made it has made the need spike and Fritz whimpers, feeling the pee trying to force itself out of his cock despite his best efforts. “It’s coming baby… I can’t stop it, it’s coming.”

“It’s OK sweetheart, you have permission to go. Let’s just let’s get these clothes off and you can…”

Horst voice trails off, as he watches the wet spot that appears on the front of Fritz’s trousers grow in size, Fritz sighing in relief and letting go as soon as he hears Horst give permission, his aching bladder seconds from giving out. “Ahhhh, that feels so good baby,” Fritz moans as the warm wetness floods his boxers, soaking his trousers and running down his legs. “Fuck that feels nice, so warm and good.” The front of Fritz’s trousers are absolutely soaked, the back pretty wet too where his pee has soaked through as Fritz just relaxes completely, moaning in relief and pleasure.

“Thanks baby,” Fritz murmurs, happy smile covering his face and wet trousers tenting obscenely showing just how much Fritz had enjoyed his accident. “Thanks for pushing me… for letting me test my limits. Just let me get out of these wet things and I’ll show you just how much I appreciate you.”

Author’s Note: I imagine Fritz asking Horst one day if he can be denied the use of the toilet one morning and forced to drink as much as he can then slowly walk to their glade. He can do anything he likes to hold it back, like grab his cock and cross his legs but he’s not allowed to leak. Horst was planning to undress his husband before letting Fritz pee but could see how close to losing it Fritz was so gave him permission, still thinking he could at least get his trousers off before Fritz lets go. As soon as Fritz hears he has permission his control breaks and he loses it then and there so it’s almost an honest accident but obviously it’s a planned one. There was no way he was holding it back at that point then in my mind.

