BFF’s (A male/male bedwetting story)

Author: Holditcontest

*000*2025-11-30 02:14

Chapter One

Josh, 19, clocked out at the usual time on Friday, thumbed a quick text to Matthew,20—Still on for tonight?—and stepped out into the early summer dusk. Their weekly ritual was the one fixed point in a world that always felt like it was shifting. Every Friday, after school or work, they’d meet up at Matthew’s place for snacks, sarcasm, and hours of co-op chaos in Baldur’s Gate 3. A sacred kind of digital communion.

Matthew replied that he was nearly home, so Josh started walking. It wasn’t far—Matthew lived in the neighborhood, unlike Josh’s own place on the edge of town—and walking gave him time to decompress, to shift from customer-service-smile to who he actually was.

When he got there, Matthew was already at the door, grinning like he’d been waiting. They hugged—quick, familiar, a bit tighter than usual—and Josh felt the tension in his spine loosen just a little. It had been a week. They didn’t say that, but it was there in the clasp of arms, the shared exhale.

Inside, they raided the kitchen for chips and sodas, a sleeve of Oreos, a couple slices of leftover pizza, then made their way to the bedroom where twin monitors glowed softly, awaiting their descent into fantasy warfare. They settled into the cushions and kicked off their shoes. Their characters loaded into the game. Reality faded into the background.

As they played, they traded stories—school, coworkers, petty drama, cryptic dreams. Their voices layered easily over battle music and spell effects, laughter punctuating it all. Hours passed like minutes.

Then came a knock.

Matthew’s mom, June, peeked in, already halfway in her coat. “Hey guys—hope you’re having fun. Just a heads-up—we’re heading out for our weekend trip tonight instead of tomorrow. Josh, I won’t be able to give you a ride like usual, so hopefully you can find another way home.”

Josh blinked. “Oh—sure! No problem. I’ll text my mom later. Have a great trip!”

She smiled, gave a little wave, and vanished.

The game unpaused. Spells flew, monsters fell. But something had shifted in Josh’s chest, a quiet awareness creeping in. He was stranded—maybe. He checked his phone.

Josh:

Hey mom can you pick me up tonight after 11?

Mom:

…sorry honey, i thought you were riding with june. I just gave the car to your sister, she got called into a double shift at the hospital —won’t be back till morning.

Josh stared at the screen. A dull weight settled in his stomach. He hadn’t thought to plan ahead. Six miles home. No ride. No backup.

And then there was Matthew.

He’d always been… weird about sleepovers. Evasive. Kind, but tense. And that tension—that “please don’t ask” silence—was loud enough that Josh never pushed.

But now he had no choice.

“Hey…” he began, careful with his tone. “So… my mom doesn’t have the car tonight. She gave it to my sister, and I guess she’s working all night. I can’t really get a ride till morning.”

He looked over. “Would it be okay if I crashed here? I really don’t want to walk home.”

Matthew froze—not dramatically, but visibly. Something subtle passed through his face. Not annoyance, not refusal, but something… tighter.

Still, he said, “Yeah. Yeah, of course.”

Then a pause. “But—okay. There’s something I should probably tell you. And I’ve been avoiding it because it’s… kind of mortifying.”

Josh waited.

“I still um.. sometimes… um… wet the bed. In my sleep. Not all the time. But it happens.”

Josh blinked. That was it?

“Ohhh. Dude. Okay. That’s what all this has been about?” He gave a soft laugh. “No judgment, I promise. Seriously. You’re my best friend. And honestly? My older brother still does sometimes, too. So, I’m kind of used to it.”

Relief washed over Matthew’s face like a tide. He smiled—really smiled—and something unspoken in him unclenched.

“Thanks,” he said. “I was worried you’d think I was disgusting or something. But yeah, you can totally stay. And I guess now we can play even longer, so—win-win.”

Josh grinned, but his thoughts were tangled. Matthew looked adorable when he was relieved—flushed cheeks, messy hair, bright eyes. He felt a surge of affection—warm, sharp, a little dangerous. He swallowed it down.

“Thanks for telling me,” he said. “I know that wasn’t easy.”

Their eyes held for a beat too long.

Then Josh shoved him. “Get wrecked,” he said, lunging to knock him sideways before unpausing the game.

Matthew shouted in surprise, laughter bubbling up as he scrambled to recover in-game. For a while, they lost themselves in monsters and maps again.

But the thought didn’t leave Josh.

Hours later, maybe from sugar or adrenaline or something else entirely, it rose again—stranger, bolder.

He turned to Matthew.

“Can I ask you something kind of… weird?”

Matthew hesitated. “Sure?”

“You said it happens sometimes. Like, by accident. But… have you ever done it on purpose?”

Silence. Heavy. Curious.

Josh continued, voice quieter: “Honestly it kind of sounds… I don’t know. Relaxing? Cozy?”

Matthew’s face colored. His fingers twitched against his lap.

“Well…” he said. “Do you remember last week—when it got randomly freezing at night?”

Josh nodded.

“I randomly woke up in the middle of the night and had to pee soooo bad. But my room was so cold, and I did not want to get out of bed and brave the cold. But I couldn’t fall back asleep without peeing.. and then I remembered my mattress protector… I knew I should get up, but the bed wouldn’t get ruined and no one would think anything if I did laundry in the morning…”

He trailed off, face red.

“So I.. um.. just stayed in bed. And I …let it happen. And…” suddenly he was acutely aware of the implications of the story he was telling, “And then I went back to sleep.”

$https://www.redgifs.com/watch/agreeablestiffcub

He didn’t add that he’d done it again and again the next three nights in a row. But it was written in the look on his face.

Josh felt something shift inside him. Curiosity, fascination—something hotter flickering at the edge of it. He let his filter fall.

“Oh wow! What was it like? Could you sleep okay after? What were you wearing? Did it feel good?”

Matthew stared. Josh’s expression was earnest. Intrigued. And maybe something else.

Matthew made a decision.

“Well… um… if you ever want to… um.. know for yourself—my bed is protected… so you could try it here. If you want. Tonight.”

Josh’s breath hitched and his heart nearly pounded out of his chest. He blinked, his mouth parting in surprise. He had wondered what it would be like to try it, ever since he had known about his brother’s bedwetting he had been so curious to know what it felt like. And now his best friend, was offering him the chance to try it out. A smile crept across his face, and he bit his lip, and began to nod before saying,

“Ok… Yeah... I do want to try it. But promise you won’t tell anyone?”

Matthew smiled, a devious edge curling the corners.

“My parents are gone all weekend. Even if they saw laundry in the morning, they’d assume it was just me. And I promise I won’t tell anyone.”

He paused before meeting Josh’s eyes,

“As long as you don’t mind if I do it too.”

*001*2025-12-03 17:32

Chapter Two

“As long as you don’t mind if I do it too…”

Matthew couldn’t believe he was saying it. The words left his mouth like a dare—unguarded and trembling—but to his delight, Josh’s answer came quickly, warm and easy:

“Of course. That’s totally fine. It’s your bed, after all.”

They both went quiet then—flushed, smiling, stunned by what they’d just agreed to. An unspoken charge pulsed in the space between them, soft as static, heavy as gravity. Neither wanted to break it too soon.

So they fumbled around for their momentarily forgotten controllers. Both muttered something about needing another drink, trailing off into nervous yet giddy laughter. Eventually they settled on: Let’s keep playing until we get tired.

And so they did.

They played for a few more hours, never with an empty drink, and never without subtle glances when the other wasn’t looking. Curious, yet slightly burning behind their quiet composure.

When yawns became more frequent than completed quests, Josh leaned back and sighed.

“Okay,” he said. “Time to get ready for bed?”

They stood up stretching in agreement. Matthew handed Josh a pair of loose flannel pants and a soft, worn T-shirt, same as he wore to bed—both of which smelled faintly of laundry soap and warmth. He offered him a toothbrush too. No words passed about the bathroom. Neither of them went. Neither of them needed to ask why. And when they noticed, they smiled a little like children sharing a secret.

Later, under the covers, they lay side by side in the hush of Matthew’s surprisingly crisp, comfortable, and fluffy bed. The lights were off. Only the sounds of a soft fan whirring and the occasional rustle of blankets filled the room. They talked casually—Matthew’s birthday was next month, and he couldn’t decide between having a party at Dave & Buster’s or staying home and binging movies.

Then, without warning, Josh groaned and reached below the covers.

“Ohhh… man, I reeeeeally have to pee,” he said. “Matthew… are you sure about this?”

“Yes.” Matthew’s voice was quiet but certain. His stomach fluttered like wings in a jar. “It’s ok. You can let it go. Right here.”

Josh swallowed hard, squirmed beneath the covers, his body tensing with anticipation.

“Okay, good, because… I don’t think I can hold it much longer. I’m not even sure I could make it if I tried.”

The quiet hush between them was soon broken by the sound of his breathing— ragged, rising, as if his body was answering a question he hadn’t asked aloud.

He exhaled, soft and shaky, and then as he relaxed his arms by his side—his eyes fluttered closed.

“Ohhhh fuck,” he whispered. “I’m… I’m wetting the bed.”

$https://www.redgifs.com/watch/pinksympatheticeyas

Matthew heard it then. The unmistakable hiss, rushing through the fabric of Josh’s pants and spreading into the mattress pad below. He lay frozen, breath caught in his throat. The sound, the taboo, the boldness of it—it overwhelmed him. And he lay motionless lest he wake up from this dream come true.

Josh moaned. “Mmm oh my god. I can’t believe I’m peeing myself in your bed. It’s so… warm. And the way it spreads—oh my god—it feels so good… holy fuck, I’m peeing so much.”

Matthew found his voice, low and breathy. “Yes, that’s it, you can let it all out. Right here.”

The encouragement seemed to unlock something in Josh. The hiss grew louder, more desperate, a steady, fizzing pulse beneath the blankets. The mattress pad did its work, but Matthew could feel the warmth creeping toward him.

And suddenly, he couldn’t wait any longer. His desperation surged and he wanted so badly to give in to and share in the release.

“Okay,” he gasped, “that’s it. I can’t hold it anymore. …oh fuck… I’m gonna pee.”

He pulled the blankets tighter around his chest, and then—he fully let go.

Then it was Josh’s turn to go still, eyes widening. Listening raptly.

A slow, tentative trickle at first—then a groan, and the sound grew. Matthew was fully pissing himself. The hissing joined Josh’s in rhythm, and now the warmth was everywhere, enveloping them both in hot waves.

$https://www.redgifs.com/watch/toughorangedartfrog

Josh froze, afraid to miss one second of it. The persistent hiss beneath the blankets roared in his ears. His mouth parted in awe. Every second of it made something coil tighter inside him, unquenchable yet deliciously satisfying.

He felt like he was floating. The heat, the surrender, the vulnerability—it wasn’t shameful, it was exquisite. He had worried it would feel gross or weird, but instead it felt more erotic and intimate than anything he’d ever known.

Sleep crept up on him with startling gentleness.

Neither of them said goodnight. They didn’t need to. They simply lay there—still, soaked, satiated—as the last few drops left their bodies and the quiet returned.

And then they slept.

*002*2025-12-04 06:04

Ch 3

Sometime in the night, Josh stirred awake. The room was quiet, dark but for the thin stripe of moonlight spilling across the wall. For a moment he didn’t remember where he was. Then it hit him—Matthew’s bed. What they had done.

A slow, secret heat climbed into his cheeks. At some point while sleeping, he’d stripped his bottoms off—now bare from the waist down. His shirt was still faintly damp, a ghost of earlier warmth clinging to the fabric. He smiled into the pillow, flushing again at the thought of the devious, dizzy thrill they’d shared only hours before.

The real reason he’d woken made itself known: his bladder was very full to nearly bursting again. His first instinct was to shove off the blankets, slip to the bathroom. But the thought stalled halfway through. The bed was technically already wet. His mind whispered—so why not?

He hesitated. Would Matthew give permission again? Maybe. But he didn’t want to wake him, plus the taboo temptation made his stomach jump with anticipation. Maybe if he was quiet and let it out slowly… by morning, it wouldn’t make a difference.

So Josh decided to do it and rolled onto his side, facing away from Matthew. The tip of his bare skin hovered just shy of the sheet’s cool surface. His pulse was wild, pounding in his ears hard enough to blur the sounds of the room. He had to steady himself—slow his breath—ease past the euphoric excitement of what he was about to do.

When he finally managed to let go without giving in to desperation, it was the smallest trickle—barely there, testing, warming a coin-sized patch beneath him. But the heat bloomed under his hips, electric and secret. A shiver rolled through him.

He gave another short spurt, slow and measured, savoring it.

But the quiet thrill swelled into something bigger. It gnawed at his restraint. Without warning, he couldn’t help it, he pushed, hard, sending a sudden flood fizzing into the bedding. The sound was unmistakable—a hushed, urgent hiss—and the mattress drank it down greedily.

He couldn’t stop now. The seduction was too much. This mattress was a desert, and he was the rain.

Josh barely had to relax and his stream readily rushed out of him, the relief was nearly orgasmic. It poured into the layers beneath, heat spreading outward in waves. The bed seemed endless, taking all of it, and still there was more to give.

$https://www.redgifs.com/watch/worthlesssnowadeliepenguin

*003*2025-12-05 20:26

Chapter 4

Matthew awoke with a gentle fuzziness, that cozy disorientation between dream and waking. But one sensation was sharp and familiar: the tantalizing fullness of his bladder.

He instinctively prepared to release it—just like he had the last few nights—when he suddenly remembered: he wasn’t alone.

As his awareness sharpened, so did the unmistakable sound from the other side of the bed.

Josh was peeing.

Matthew’s stomach jumped, a thrill running through him, and he muttered sleepily, “ohhh my god.”

The words snapped Josh out of his trance-like reverie. Guilt and panic flooded him. Had he overstepped?

“I’m sorry,” he stammered. “I just… I couldn’t hold it. And I thought it might be okay, since the bed was already—”

Matthew cut him off, his voice low and heady with arousal and urgency.

“It’s okay… ohhh fuck.. I’m gonna pee too.”

With that, he let go. A long sigh escaped his lips as the tension drained from his body.

Josh listened—rapt—as Matthew’s flood joined his under the covers. The hiss was loud and unmistakable, so close beside him. Was he bottomless too? Josh’s own stream had paused in his moment of worry, but the sound of Matthew letting go again—unapologetic and unrestrained—reassured him.

His muscles relaxed, and his bladder resumed its release, hot and steady into the already-soaked sheets.

Together, they lay in the darkness, side by side, their bodies easing into that now-familiar euphoria as warmth pooled around them. Neither spoke. There was no need.

Once more, they pissed themselves into oblivion.

And once more, they drifted off—content, soaked, and smiling—back to sleep.

Matthew’s bed, padded and protected by a lifetime of wetting trial and error, held them both and it absorbed every last drop.

