A girl wanted be forced to hold it!

Author: huberp76

*000*2021-11-23 20:40

Long time ago, it was the time before internet and before WhatsApp, there were contact magazines, where peoples could contact someone with the same interests, habits and the same lust.

A young man wrote a message in one of this magazines, he wrote:

“I am searching for a girl who is holding her wee for me as long as she can, as long until she absolutely can’t no more.”

He got more answers, but one letter was from a young girl, who lived in a neighboring country, was the most interesting for him.

She wrote that she went to school with a girl who had wealthy parents.

She did pay girls from their class, for not to pee.

At summer holidays they went sometimes to a open air swimming pool.

She, the rich girl and 2 or 3 other girls. The girls were not allowed to go to the toilet and they were not allowed to go swimming, so that they could not cheating and pee in the pool.

Their little bikini panties had to stay dry, from outside and even more from inside.

The girls did get something to eat and a lot to drink. They did play games together during the day, mostly ballgames. The rich girl did try to hit the girls bellies, so hard as possible with the ball. She did like to hurt their bladders, witch were pretty full at afternoon. It was painful for the girls to get the ball on the swollen, bulging bladder.

Late afternoon, the girls did not want to play anymore, to jump and to move was getting to painful, they were needing to wee so bad that they did just wanted to lie on a blanket, with their legs tight crossed.

The „bad „ girl did not wanted that, she was a sadist, she wanted to torture them, she started to wrestle with the girls and pressed and pushed hard on and in their bellies.

Some of the little bikini panties were getting a little bit wet from the bladder torture.

Before they did leave, the girls wanted finally to the loo, but she did not let them go, she would only pay if they hold it until at home, she told them.

The girls were needing to wee so bad after holding it for so long and after drinking so much, but they wanted the money, they went outside, without a wee and with swollen bladders.

Sometimes they did not go home straight away, they went to a mall, for a last drink and sometimes, one or the other girl pissed in her panties on the way, before she could get to a toilet.

The girl who wrote the letter, was getting friend with the rich girl and she was also holding her wee for her. First for money and later for fun and lust.

She did not go to the toilet at school, she did not pee after her morning pee at home.

Sometimes she was invited for the dinner, from the girls parents. Her bladder was full from the day. She had to hide her strong urge to wee, she had to drink whatever the girl offered her and that was not less.

After dinner, the two girls went to her room, to watch a video, so they said.

In reality, as soon as they were in the room, they stripped their clothes and went naked to the bed.

The sadist girl started to torture the other one, who was needing to wee so bad, since hours.

She pressed hard and powerful in the poor girls lower abdomen, it was so painful for her, it did hurt her so much, but more and more she did like this kind of pain, she did like to get tortured like that and not being allowed to piss, she was nearly addicted to be forced to hold it and to get tortured.

She was proud about her ability, she was made to drink, she was not allowed to piss and she was able to endure the pain from a bursting full bladder for hours.

She is trained to hold it and her bladder ready for the greatest torture ever, she wrote to the young man.

She had fun and pleasure with her girl friend, but now she wants to be with a man who don’t let her piss until her eyes turns yellow.

Since a few months she is old enough to get fucked and she wants now get fucked from a man, from a real man, when her bladder in her belly is full to explode and he still want let her go.

„ I want to know how it feels to be in ecstasy, from needing to piss, from climax and from bladder pain!“ she wrote.

“If you think you are able to bring me in such an ecstasy and if you promise me that you will not let me piss, not even if i beg you on my knees or if i whimper like a dog, than I’ll make a date with you, then i’ll visit you.

My extra large bladder and my extra small, little cunt, will be yours for one week.“ she wrote.

Burst my bladder and burst my pussy!

(continue)

*002*2021-11-27 17:40

{{On 11/25/2021 at 8:27 PM, Somenonymous said:

Good story number i lost count. Continue

}}

Thank you, i glad you like my stories.

*004*2021-11-29 16:06

{{On 11/27/2021 at 11:14 PM, wedgeantilles said:

That is a very interesting scenario, thank you for another story!!

}}

Thank you, i am glad that you like it.

*005*2021-11-30 20:50

Part 2

Before they made their date, they wrote a few letters, to make some rules for their first meeting .

The girl should very well say when she is needing to wee, she should tell him when she is needing to go to the toilet, but she will be not allowed to go without his permission.

The girl wrote that she is willing to hold her urine back to her absolutely limit for him, she is willing to endure the strongest and most painful urge for him and she would let him torture her bladder to the ultimate, but he should not make her to piss herself in front of others.

It was so embarrassing for the girls, to pee their panties on the way home from the open air swimming pool, or in a crowded shopping mall, after her friend did not let them go to the loo all day long.

She never peed herself in all her life, but the strongest girl will piss herself, if you don’t let her go long enough, she wrote.

The young man told her that he would like to make a trip with her to another city and that they would stay there overnight .

On this day he would not allow her to take her morning pee. She would have to hold the urine from the night before and from the day inside her, she would not be allowed to wee until they arrived, late evening, in the hotel room.

The girl wrote that she would like to do that for him, but after she did not wee for so long, she will be full to burst, she sure will need to wee so bad that she would no more be able to hide her need and to walk normally and upright through the hotel lobby.

”I’ll find a way to bring you inconspicuous in our room, you just have to hold it and to keep your panties dry.” he wrote.

She will try it, but she can’t promise that she can endure to hold her wee for so long, she never did that before. Her longest time without a pee was from morning until night, a bout 17 hours,it was with her girl friend.

She wrote that it would be good for her to write about all this things, because it’s easier to write about it, than to talk with a man about her bursting full bladder, about her painful need to piss and about her shaved girl cunt.

Finally the day of her visit was coming. She did arrive on the main railway station.

The young man was waiting at the platform for her, to pick her up.

The train stopped and she was standing on the top step of the rail car.

Is was a warm summer day, she did wear a very short dress, so that he could see from his position, the girls bare legs nearly up to her panties.

He was like electrified from the sight of the girl, she was like a vision for him

Her young, pretty face, her slim body, her slender, nude legs, he could not realize and believe, that this girl would be „his“for one week.

He did not even really know her, he did not see her before and now he could „use“her for his lust. He could touch her where ever he wanted, her thighs, between her thighs, he could fuck her and he could use his favorite sextoy, the girls bladder inside of her flat belly, he could make her bladder full with hot girl wee until it will be big as a soccer ball.

“Welcome!“ he said as she was down on the ground. Then he kissed her on her cheek, took her suitcase and did lead her to his car.

She was now sitting beside him, her short dress was far up on her smooth thighs, he could not resist to caress her left thigh with his right hand.

He was absolutely bewitched from this young girl, he told her how good and how great she is looking. He told her if he had the chance to create a girl for himself, the girl would exactly look the same as she .

„Thank you!, but you are looking pretty good too.“ she said and kissed him soft and wet on his cheek.

“It looks like we will have a great week together.“ he answered and pushed her dress up over her panties, slid with his hand in the waistband of her little panty, then he pushed one finger deep in the girls cunt and pressed with his palm hard in her belly.

He wanted to test the status of her bladder, he wanted to know if she is already needing to pee.

At the same moment he pressed, she said „be careful, don’t press to much, my bladder is very full, i did not go all the journey.“ and smiled at him.

To see the girls naked thighs, to have a finger deep inside her and to know that she was needing to pee, that she did not have a wee since early morning, was nearly to much for his little friend between his thighs.

After they arrived, the girl asked for a shower.

The man looked at her and she said “ you don’t have to worry, I have indeed a lot of pressure in my bladder and i would need to go since hours, but i would never pee without your permission. Rules are rules ! I will not wee now, i don’t not even ask you if would let me.”

First he did lead her in the sleeping room, the girl stripped her clothes except her little panties.

Her young, slim body was terrific! The man was kneeing in front of her, pulled her panties slowly down, until her shaved girl pussy was totally naked.

He kissed her slit and then pressed his lips hard on her lower abdomen, exactly there where her bladder was.

He did that on purpose, to make her need stronger.

The girl crossed her legs and smiled. Then she walked totally nude to the bathroom.

After the shower, she putted on a super short skirt and a T-shirt and then they went for a dinner.

She was sitting opposite to him and did show him a lot from her slim thighs. Sure she did get a lot to drink, her bladder could not be full enough for him.

He could not wait to fuck her, but on the other hand, he wanted to fill up her bladder more, much more.

After a while she said “i need to wee pretty bad and i love it!”

“I love that too!!” he answered and ordered a new drink for her.

”I did not wee since more than 16 hours, do you like that?” she asked and smiled.

”Don’t make me crazy!” he said and pushed one hand between her thighs.

He was now so horny, that he could not wait any longer.

One our later they were in the bed and fucked like animals. He pressed and pushed with one hand hard and deep in her stomach, on her overfilled bladder.

She had not pissed since nearly 18 hours by now, but she could not get enough from this kind of bladder torture.

”Deeper, harder, don’t have mercy with my silly bladder, torture it, push it, press on it! Oh, that hurts so good, i need to piss so bad, it is so painful.“ she whimpered.

The guy could feel, each time he pressed hard in her abdomen, how she squeezed his dick with her already tight girl cunt.

Although the girl did not wee since more than 18 hours, the girls belly was not so much swollen, her bladder was not hard as a rock, it was more than a softball, he could feel the contours and could press deep in her abdomen.

They had their climax to the same time, the girls slit was totally wet, maybe not only from the lust juice maybe he pressed a little bit of wee out of her overfilled bladder!?

Some minutes later she asked if she could go to the bathroom and he did let her go.

She came back to him in the bed and told him how great that was. To feel him deep inside her, to feel how he pushed hard on her bladder from inside and to get her bladder tortured from outside, was like heaven for her.

Half an hour later she asked again for permission to go to the loo. She told him that every time when she is holding it for so long, she need’s to go one more, or sometimes twice, in a short time after her first piss.

He did allowed her to go and said that she could go a third time before sleeping, but she will be not allowed to go tomorrow morning.

After she went for her third piss, he switched out the lights. They were both naked, he pressed his body hard against the slim body from the girl and thought to himself “what will i do next week without her-how can i live without her, there will be no other girl in the world,who is like she.“

Next morning, the girl did wear a T-shirt and a tiny, little jeans shorts and no panties. She said that she would like it when the seam is rubbing in her slit, especially when she is needing to wee.

They went passed the bathroom and the girl said “i would need to wee.”

”I know it and i like it!” said the guy “I like it too!” said the girl.

They made sightseeing and went for a lunch at noon.

There was a music event a little bit outside of the down, there they went late afternoon.

The entry was free, but there was still a long line at the door, because of security. It was 5 pm to that time and the girl did not wee since 18 hours. She was needing to go really bad. She was standing with her great, slim, naked legs, tight crossed.

It was was easy, for someone to see, especially for someone who likes girls desperate to pee, that this girl was needing to wee really bad.

There was a man in the same line, it was a friend from our guy, he did look first at the girl, with her crossed legs and then to the guy and then he said “you should let her go here anywhere in the bushes before you go in, she will not have a chance to go inside.”

”It will be not necessary, she can hold it until we get home. A few hours longer will be not a problem for her.”he answered and they went in.

The friend looked surprised and said…………

(continue)

*006*2021-12-05 18:46

Part 3

The friend said once again before they went in „Let her wee here in the bushes, there will be no opportunity to go for her inside and it doesn’t seem that she is able to hold it for much longer, sure not until she can go at home, it looks more that she will do it in her panties very soon.“

He said that in a way, like the girl could not determine for her own, to go, it did sound like she was dictated.

“Twice no and one time yes.“ said our guy.

„No, she will not piss her panties, because she don’t wear some panties.

No she will not go in the bushes, because i don’t let her go and yes, she will be able to hold it until at home, because she has to!“ said the guy.

“And why don’t you let her?“ the friend wanted to know.

„That is very simple, because i love it if a girl is holding her urine back with all her power, as long as any possible and she is needing to wee really bad, but she is holding it for me!“

“How long.“ the man wanted to know. „Until we are at home and then one or two hours longer until i am ready to fuck her, with her bladder full to burst .“answered our guy.

“I mean how long is she already holding it, that she is needing it that bad?“ he wanted to know.

“Since yesterday evening, she did not pee since more than 18 hours.“ he replied.

“Oh my God, the poor thing must be full to burst!“ said the man. „Oh yea, she must be really full to burst and i love it.“ said the guy and asked his friend if it would be not arousing for him, if a girl hold it back, even she is desperate to pee.

He said that he did not even think about something like that before, but he must confess that he became pretty hard, just from knowing that this girl did not wee since yesterday, from the imagination how big and how overfilled her poor bladder must be and how strong must be.

To see her how she cross her slim, nude legs and rubbing her knees, makes him really horny, he admitted.

“Now you know why i did not let her go in the morning. Nothing can be more sexy, than a girl who is desperate for a much needed piss!!“ said our guy.

The girl did listen to the talk between the two young man and said „i am glad that there are now two guys who likes to see me suffer, but no odds, i like to suffer like that, i like the kind of pain if my bladder is overfilled and overstretched and i love it being made to hold it, not allowed to go.“

There were more music group‘s playing at this event and before they went to their favorite band, the friend invited the „couple „for a drink.

One hour before he did not even know that a girl, full to burst and desperate to pee, can be so arousing and now he could not get enough from this situation and from watching the young girl.

So he did order large drinks, the girl should suffer the worst way, she should get full to explode, or she should piss herself, it would be exciting and arousing too, to see the wee from 20 hours running down on her wonderful, naked legs, he thought to himself.

He did give her a extra large cup and the girl looked at him and said just three words „ thank you sadist !“

The girl did drink very slowly, but was getting more and more desperate. She begged her “new friend”to bring her home and remind him on his promise, not to make her piss herself, in front of someone.

”Oh no, not now, you can and you have to endure more. Hold it like big girls should do it!! One more hour and then we can talk about to leave. he answered.

The friend from our guy was so excited and aroused from this, for him, absolutely new kind of “sex game” he could not get enough from all that.

“She can’t endure that for much longer. She can’t be able to hold it much longer! Look how her bladder is bulging out from her thin abdomen. I have never seen such a full bladder before.” he said.

”She can. She has to. She would never piss herself in front of you and in front of all that people.” he replied.

One hour later, the girl begged again to leave. She did know that she would not be allowed to pee before they are at home and she was needing it more than ever in her life.

The friend was sad about that, he wanted more from the “private show “ he wanted to make them stay, but the guy did not know the limit from the girl and the limit of her bladder and he did not wanted to make her piss herself. He would like to spend a few more good days with his new girl, so they did leave.

There were no loos, not even porta loos anywhere at this event and as they were outside, a lot of man pissed against trees and a lot of women and girls went behind the bushes.

” May i please go, i can’t anymore, i need to pee so really, really bad! Please let me go ” she was begging.

”On no, you are a strong, healthy, young girl, you can hold it!” he said.

”I think no one of the girls is needing to pee more urgent than me and i am absolutely sure that no girl is holding it since yesterday and they all can go, but i am not allowed, that is not really fair.” she said.

”You are not the kind of girl who squat behind a bush, you are a girl who should be able to hold it until she gets a opportunity to go to the toilet, or until she is allowed to pee!” he said.

”But….” she stottert. “No but’s, squeeze your cunt shut and hold it!, you are no more a schoolgirl.“he said determinant.

They went to his car, she walked sometimes light bend over.

The girl’s bladder tortured the girl more than a normal girl could endure it.

All the large amount of liquid she did drink, during the event, was now already in her bladder witch she was not allowed to empty since more than 21 hours.

Once again she asked for a much needed wee, she would do it beside the car, she told him, but he only said “ stop to beg, get in and hold it!” he said.

The girl was sitting beside him, she was suffering so bad from needing to wee, she moaned, bend over and squeezed with both hands her beautiful, smooth, nude thighs, very hard.

A quarter of an hour later, she begged for a stop, he should let her wee just a few seconds beside the car, just 5 or only 3 seconds, she would stop it then and would hold it again, but he not let her.

She told him that she really can’t anymore, she told him that is more than a girl can endure, all her belly hurts from needing to wee, it is getting so painful that she can’t endure it anymore.

He told her that he would not stop and that she would not be allowed to go to the bathroom when they arrive, the only way where she would be allowed to go is his bedroom.

The young man could not wait to get the girl in his bed and to fuck her full like she was.

*008*2021-12-19 14:17

{{On 12/15/2021 at 4:33 PM, Somenonymous said:

Wow, that's amazing! One of the best works from you so far

}}

Thank you, I am glad that you like it!

*009*2021-12-20 22:47

Part 4

”You and your friend are a dream team! He made me drink and you make me hold!

What do you think how much wee urge agony is a young girl able to bear, what do you think what a girls bladder can endure, before it burst, or before the girl piss herself?” asked the girl and squeezed her naked thighs with both hands.

”I don’t know how much holding pain and how much bladder torture a young girl can stand, but you have to show it to me!! I am really curious for you performance.” said the guy.

The girl answered and said just one word and said “sadist!”

”Oh yes, i am a great sadist for making girls hold, but this time it is for your fun, because you are a masochist, you like it to get your bladder tortured and i promise you, i will do that for you! in the best way!” said the guy.

“Are you sure I can’t go wee, as soon as we arrive? You are sure that you want let me? Not even if i beg you for letting me? I am really needing to go, very, very bad.” said the girl.

”It seems that you don’t know what it means, need to go really, really bad. You told me hours ago that you would need to go really bad and now hours later you are still holding it, i think there will be much more possible for you and yes i am sure that you can’t wee when we arrive at home.” said the young man.

Half hour later at home, the girl did not even ask for toilet, she was such a good girl and walked with rubbing knees, straight into the sleeping room.

The man stripped the two pieces of clothes from her slim body, she did not wear more than a T-shirt and short shorts, with no panties underneath and then he made her lie on his large bed.

She did lie on her back, her belly was swollen and her bladder was clear visible, it was like a ball was bulging out over her pubic bone, to her pregnant hipbones.

Meanwhile the guy was also naked, he did love to see her swollen belly and started to caress the slim body from the young girl.

Her bladder was calmed down a bit, all the drinks were already arrived, she did now feel a dull fullness. Her urge to wee was very strong, but not really painful, she did love that kind of fullness.

For the guy was the little bulge in her lower abdomen like a magnet . A overfilled and swollen girl bladder was his favorite sextoy, he could not resist, he had to press on it.

Although he pressed very softly and gently, the girl moaned from the increased urge, but she enjoyed to get tortured this way.

A little later, she turned to her side In a way that she did lie half on top of the guy and then she pressed her belly, exactly with her swollen bladder, hard against the hipbone from the guy.

„Oh my god, i need to pee so bad, but you are right, i did not know what it means need to go really bad, i thought it was bad when my friend from the school made me hold, but now at this moment i need to go much worser, but i think that i can endure more.“ she said.

„You are awesome girl, i can’t imagine to be without you.“ he said and switched out the lights.

“What are you doing?“ asked the girl worried. „It‘s got quite late, i think that we should sleep.“ answered the guy.

“But not with my bladder that full, i can’t sleep with such a strong urge to piss!“ said the girl.

“Sure you can, if you sleep you don’t feel any need and maybe I’ll let you go tomorrow late morning.“ replied the man.

“Did you forget that i did not wee since yesterday, i did not go once all day , not even in the morning. I don’t know if i can make it until the morning, i am soooo full, i need to wee so bad, I have never even held it this long before?“ asked the girl.

“I did not think anything other and i love it!“ he said, pushed one thigh between the girls thighs and pressed it hard against her young cunt.

He did not let her go, although she did not wee since 24 hours.

He loved to feel her body on his body and they slept tight entangled until about 4 am, then he noticed that she wanted out of the bed.

He did hold her back and asked „Where do you think you are going?“

“I am sorry, but i can’t anymore, i need to piss now, i can’t wait any longer. I am sure that there will be not one girl in the whole world, who needs to pee worser than me at the moment!” she said.

He looked at the watch and determined that it is exactly 29 hours since her last wee and 29 is not a good number.

No wee before 30 hours and then he told her that she should get punished for her intention, to pee without permission, but she is such a good girl, he won’t punish her for her first mistake.

At the moment she realized that she did not wee since nearly 30 hours and the circumstances of her painful urge, awaked the masochist in her and she said „oh no i must get punished, my bladder must get punished, this silly thing in my belly made me break the rules. Press on it, push it, torture it!“ she said.

To fuck a girl who did not wee since 30 hours and to play with her extreme overfilled bladder, has always been a dream from this guy.

I think not only for him!?

(continue)

*010*2021-12-21 22:33

{{On 12/15/2021 at 4:33 PM, Somenonymous said:

Wow, that's amazing! One of the best works from you so far

}}

Thank you for your compliment.

