BLS: Chapter Four: Little Secret, Big Piss

Author: HissGenerator

*000*2022-03-23 07:08

Chapter Four: Little Secret, Big Piss

“John, hey! How is Alexis?”

“How’s Alexis..? Oh! That’s right, she’s doing good. She wasn’t upset, though; I lied. It was because you caught us in a moment, and your presence caught me by surprise.”

“Listen, the wildest, hottest thing happened to me after I saw you that day.”

“After you left . . . “

I walked her home, since taking the bus was a no-go. She piss-soaked her jeans and dampened my khakis when I hugged her.

“Oh my.. Alexis!.. you literally pissed on me! Look at my fucking khakis.. what the fuck am I gonna do, I can’t the bus, and my house is too far by walk!”

Although Alexis’ bus stop is only four stops prior to mine, those bus stops are placed at quiet the distance—it would take longer to walk from her place to my place than from work to her place.

“Oh my g—Alexis! How am I gonna get home?! You and your fucking book, why are you.. wh—ugggggghh!”

At this point, I’m fuming. Although what she did back there was.. arousing.., after I returned back to reality, I realized that we were in public. There were people in the street, albeit not many, but still people—people walking towards us, having to pass us by; the embarrassment gets to me. I value my boringness: it diverts all attention from myself: just a boring man, with a boring sense of style, but all of that is out the window with my piss—I’m sorry—her piss soaking my khakis.

Alexis, on the other hand, is bright red and mute. She’s looking straight ahead in total silence, refusing to make any eye contact.

Then there’s me: yelling at her. My blazing heart redirecting its fire to my actual head and voice—

“Alexis! Are you not going to fucking answer me?! Are you not going to say anythi—“

She quickly turns her head to me, eyes dug into mine:

“JOHN! WILL YOU PLEASE.. j-just..”

Her eyes start to shake swiftly left to right, and tears start forming in the corners..

“..shut the fuck.. uu-uu-uu-uuuuppppp—”

She starts full sobbing and my face freezes.. my heart sinks to bottom of my stomach.. all of its fire extinguished by her tears..

I hug her immediately.

I quickly take my jacket off and wrap it around her waist, and quickly get back to hugging her.

“Hey.. listen.. I’m sorry, I—I don’t know what came over me.. it’s just that I stick out like a sore thumb with these wet pants. I’m boring for a reason, you know: I don’t like the attention being on me. But I didn’t think twice that maybe you felt the same way..”

She, sobbing and talking into my chest:

“I’m sorr-rr-ryyyy, I—I.. >muffled, jumbled speech< lost control, but I didn’t m-m-mean to—your.. yel—yel..ling is giving me a p-panic attack-k-k-k..”

“Hey, hey.. I’m sorry. I’m sorry..”

I rubbed her shoulder profusely, thinking:

‘Gosh, what the fuck is wrong with me?.. I made her cry—I made her wet herself, then I made her cry: good fucking job..’

I consoled her.

She stops crying, and looks me in my eyes briefly, her eyes innocently pink, before pulling away—then punches me in my arm out of nowhere:

“Don’t you EVER fucking yell at me like that again!”

“Ahhh, ssss!..”

Fuck, her punches hurt, as I rub my arm.

We walk for a bit in silence, I afraid of saying a word that may set her off. But we had to do something about our situation.

“S-so, what are.. we going to do?”

She annoyingly retorts:

“Well, John, maybe we should just examine the damage and take selfies. What do you mean: ‘what are we going to?’, go home, obviously!”

“Right, but my place is too far, and the sun is setting.. soon your piss in my khakis is gonna get real cold..”

“Can you not refer to my piss being in your khakis, please?.. Fine, this is what we’ll do: you’ll come to my place and change there, happy?”

“Are you sure, I can just wait outside while you get me something el—“

“No, no—just come in, it’ll soon get real cold and I don’t want you freezing. Just come inside when we get there.”

. . . .

An hour passes and it’s dark outside. Alexis is absolutely freezing—remember, she pissed herself a decent lot; I just got the surface wetness and a portion of her jet piss. We’re only a five blocks away though.

Alexis, shivering:

“Brrr, oh fuck it’s cold..”

“Yeah, I know, these wet khakis are making things worse.”

“How you think I feel, these skintight jeans are little painted on my legs: I can feel the cold piss in them..”

Although the sun is down, I can still see the dark patches of soaked jeans. Her pussy must be so cold, I thought to myself. As I was secretly peeking at her crotch, she places hold hands against herself, pressing them in an upward-like manner: there’s no way she still has to pee, I thought.

“Hey, do you still have to pee or something..?”

She quickly takes her hands out of her crotch:

“Nooo..? I’m.. just.. cold..”

“Oh—“

“Why are you looking where my hands are, don’t you have full proof on your pants already?”

“No—I.. ugh, never mind.”

We reach another two blocks closer and I notice she squeezes her legs together, slowing down a bit. She places her right hand in her bladder and her hand in her crotch.

“Hey, I knew it! You have to pee still! Wow, I thought you finished back there..”

She shaking her head while giving in:

“Well, I haven’t finished then; what, did you expect me to let go completely?”

“No, but I thought that final jet of piss was what was remaining—I mean it was a lot: I thought that was the rest of it.”

“Well, it obviously isn’t—“

As we’re walking, I grab her right arm to stop:

“What were you doing back there? When I accidentally made you leak, you kept going; and it looked like you did it on purpose..”

She bats her eyes to left, shy to respond, but speaks anyway:

“I—it was an accident at first, but it felt so playful—you tickling me and all—and it kind of.. made me.. feel good.. so I let a little more out because.. it felt good—I’m sorry, this is just too awkward to say—“

I was stunned: felt good, to wet—it felt good to wet herself? Huh, makes me think why I felt good after seeing her wet herself.

“You know, you weren’t alone, right?”

“Oh yeah!.. when I saw little Johnson come out, I was caught by surprise because it made me realize that I turned you on..”

I bat my eyes away, embarrassed.

“Uhh, yeah.. I don’t know what came over me: I guess you having an accident just got me somehow..”

She feels her heart straiten a bit and her crotch tingle, but quickly ignores it, refusing to entertain the reality of what she’s heard. Breaking the awkward shyness, she diverts our conversation:

“Hey, listen, we need to get home, it’s really cold and I have to pee—“

“I have to pee, too!—“

“..uhh, okay John..”

She feeing awkward that I just blurted that out of nowhere, but slightly enticed by the fact that I, as she, am in need of a piss.

We reach the block before her place. I feel the urge to grow stronger in my bladder, bringing my legs together. And she takes notice, placing her left hand tightly on her crotch, as if her seeing my desperation made her get the urge to pee as well.

Her place is now around the corner. Another urge overcomes me and I place my hand in partially wet pocket, grabbing my dick hard to cope my desperation. She sees me do it, as I don’t bother hiding it, and feels a tingle in her crotch, aroused briefly at the sight of my desperation.

“Well, we’re here.. let me just find my keeeys.. my keeeys, my keeeys, where are my keeeys..?”

“Come on, Alexis, find your keys faster, it’s freaking cold—and I have to pee..”

As another urge crashes into me, I grab my crotch with both hands tightly. Then cross my legs, left over right; then right over left.

“Holy fuck!.. where the hell are my keys?!.. brrrrr, ho-ho-hoooo.. ha.. ha.. brrr.. that breeze is not helpiiiinnnggg..

“Brrrr, oh maaan, that chill—Alexis, the keys, where are your keeeys?! Come on, I have to pee, I’ve been holding it all day, unlike you!”

She feels her heart skip a beat and another tingle in her crotch, but ignores it.

“Wait, John, wait a little more; I don’t know where my key is.”

“Oh, just stop talking me and look for your the keys, dammit.”

I place my left hand in my pants and grab my dick over my briefs, as I lightly stomp my feet in desperation. She seeing this, gets distracted from finding her keys.

“Damn, how can a key disappear in my bag, I remember having it this morning..”

“Alexis! How can you misplace your key?! Did I not give you your keys the other day?!

Ohh, oh for the love of—Alexis, why are you like this, hm? First you fall and lose your key, then you piss yourself wet, and now you torture me with your inability to find your key?!

“Alexis, I swear, if you don’t open this door right now, I’m going to piss myself and whip you to death with my soaked khakis!”

Upon hearing this, her heart skips another beat and her crotch tingles even more. Unable to ignore it, she starts picturing my desperation intensifying, getting aroused thereby.

“Alexis!.. Give.. me..—“

I try to snatch her bag from her, snapping her out of her fantasy; but she quickly insists she can find her key, tugging back her bag from me, like in a game of tug-of-war—

“Give.. me.. yooourrr—BAG!..”

I snatch it away from her, annoying her: she punches me, with her mighty punch, in the lower abdomen, effectively snatching her bag out from my hands.. but—

“Ahhh.. Alexis!..YOU’VE MADE ME—“

She remarking:

“Hey, that’s what you get for taking my stuff; don’t ta—“

She pauses as her eyes scroll down and stop, noticing my partially dry, partially wet, grayish patch of her piss is layered with my own splotch, leaving behind a yellow tinge on my crotch, dripping down trailing droplets therefrom.

She quickly looks at me, her eyes frozen in place. Her hearts starts pounding gradually faster and her crotch starts tingling. Despite the cold, she breaks a small sweat on her forehead.

I look at her, mixed with emotions: feeling my face turn red and the blood of embarrassment reaching my throat; yet nevertheless getting aroused by the warmth of the release engulfing my crotch, and feeling naughty that I did so in front of her.

I looked directly into her eyes, unwavering, as she did me earlier at the bus stop. She stares back and hiccups, as she slowly gets turned on.. forgetting her keys.. forgetting her bag.. as it slowly slips out of her fingers, hitting the ground.

She looks me in my eyes, darting between them and my yellow, steamy piss patch. Her face turns red in arousal.

Her mouth opens slightly and she briefly bites the corner of her left lip: she can’t stop looking my wet crotch. Her heart starts pounding hard and slow, and she feels her crotch tingling even more, unable to stop herself from making a comment:

“Mmmm, John, that looks warm.. and I’m so co—it’s so cold..”

Her response flooring me, as my heart slows intensely to the beat of hers, pounding harder with ever beat—suddenly the urge to let a little more out overtook me as I forgot myself in her eyes.

“Ssssssst”, my crotch hissing softly whilst I struggle to speak:

“ahhhhhh.. the cold is sooo cold and my.. my.. isss soooo warmmmm.. mmmm..”

My warmth giving me goosebumps, shivering and forcing me to bite my bottom lip.

The yellow-tinged patch brightens and follows the path her piss took down my pants earlier, extending the path further, below my upper left thigh, with my own.

Her front door light randomly turns on, exposing her dark, hard and perky nipples through her white shirt—hm, she’s not wearing a bra for some reason. Her face is evidently bright red. She can’t help but unconsciously place her left index finger once again into her mouth, biting down on it.

Seeing her turned her on, I exploit her vulnerability for my own satisfaction:

“Mmmm, it’s so cold, and my crotch is sooo warmmmm—“

Biting my bottom lips, exposing my upper teeth, as if my teeth force-shut my speech and exaggerates the silence of the still air, leaving our eyes no choice but to dig into each other’s naughty minds.

In the stillness of the air, I let out another forced squirt: “HHSSssst!”, hissing against my tight briefs: my crotch covered once again in hot warmth. My piss patch suddenly explodes in yellow and travels down my lower left thigh and just over my left knee.

Upon seeing and hearing it, she flinches and shivers, goosebumps running all over her body: her mirror neurons privy her access to my inner warm, piss-soaked sensation. Her nipples harden even more and her crotch swells, tingling even more. She bites down even harder on her finger.

Her reaction turns me on, and I grow a hard-on within seconds.

“Oh..”

As I look below at the tent my cock has pitched in my khakis, then back into her eyes.

Her eyes widen and she takes her finger out of her mouth, lest she bites it off entirely, and bites her bottom lips intensely. Standing, she crosses her legs like an X, her feet placed on on opposite sides. She places both her hands between her upper thighs and against her crotch over her jeans, pulling upwards, as her crotch tingles uncontrollably.

Suddenly, her swollen bladder urges her for release, but she withholds, turning her on more as her desperation takes a hold of her.

“Mmmm, I wanna pee.. but not yet.. I wanna see more from you—I wanna hear you give in while I struggle..

My teeth relinquish my bottom lips, reddened and teeth-marked by my biting down hard; my lower jaw drops and I look down: I put my right hand over the khakis, grabbing my crotch tightly:

“Ohhh! Fuuuck!—“

And forcefully release another jet of yellow piss:

“HHSHSHshshshsssst!”

—my hard pipe jetting piss as if a high-pressured hose—bursts through my tight briefs, khakis, and out from between the fingers of my fist altogether, squirting through it, vibrating lightly. My tight grasp forcing yellow piss laterally into my upper right thigh, leaking down, leaving behind three divergent trails, and ultimately dribbling onto the ground.

“Ohhh!.. so.. fucking.. warm.. mmmmm!”

She absolutely fucking loses it, as she lets go of her bottom lips, dropping her jaw, and rolling up her eyes—gasping and moaning—as her throbbing crotch tingles, leaking a few dribbles uncontrollably out of arousal; she starts rubbing her crotch up and down, over her semi-soaked jeans, with both her hands and lets out a high-pitched moan mid exclamation:

“Mmmm, that’s so.. so..—hmmmhhhheah!—mmmm—fuck!—“

As she rubs, she uncrosses her legs and slowly approaches me, seductively, and naughtily utters:

“I see you like flooding yourself, so naughty of you.. I want to feel that warm shaft as you let yourself go in those khakis..”

Her front door light randomly turns off.

She grabs my right arm and directs my warm pissed-soaked hand along her white shirt: up her waist, to her breasts, and up to her mouth, licking my whole palm, my wet hand smearing piss onto her shirt on the way up. I place the tips of my middle- and ring-fingers into her mouth. And, as she lightly bites on them, she slips her left hand into my khakis and grabs my shaft—her eyes seductively fixed to my own—whispering:

“Let..”

—Her eyes looking below—

“Go..”

—Her eyes looking back up into my own.

Her command forcefully opens my flood gates, my crotch instantly grows hot, having briefly cooled. She rubs herself over her jeans with her right hand and moans while she pulls on me with the other, each pump extracting more and more piss, engulfing her hand as she strokes. I softly uncontrollably moan, as I experience hot warmth and friction, my piss gushing into my briefs and khakis, warming my crotch and cold inner thighs. The warmth escaping in a soft hiss and trickles down between my thighs, over my knees, to my ankles, and into my loafers, warming my cold, numb feet.

In all that ecstasy, the thought of busting while pissing floods my mind as my piss floods my pants. All the right sounds, all the right warmth—I look down, my khakis covered in yellow, glistening steamy piss—and I moan uncontrollably yet again at its sight; she responding in like manner, as she rubs herself more and more, pressing her right hand against herself harder and harder over her cold, semi-soaked jeans; warming up her crotch thereby with each subsequent rub.

I grab her left hand away from her crotch, licking its palm and placing it on my accelerating, pounding heart, so she could feel my blood pump from one hand to the other stroking while covered in warm piss.

I slowly raise my right hand against her waist and up under her shirt, squeezing her soft breasts—briefly twirling her irresistible hard nipples; then move my hand up and through the neck of her shirt, raising her shirt, which lifts her breasts therewith—her shirt lifts just high enough, releasing and exposing her breasts, they falling back down, bouncing in place. My right hand around her throat, I push her against her house wall outside, she responding with a subdued moan through her bitten-down lips.

She naughtily remarks:

“Are you going to force it out me..?

I stare into her eyes, just a few inches away, unwavering in gaze while keeping my right hand on her throat, I fondle her breasts with my left hand; then, slowly slip down her chest, to her waist and into her skintight jeans, feeling her throbbing, soaked, warm lips. And she lets out a high-pitched moan, shivering in an ecstasy of goosebumps, her pussy quivering whilst I kiss the side of her neck, up to her ear, lightly biting its lobe and whisper:

“I want your piss, give it to me..”

I rub my left hand in circles, pressing with medium force while kissing her neck. I take my right hand off her throat and press it against her bladder.

She desperately tries to hold herself whilst I place more and more pressure on her bladder. She dribbles on my left hand as her sphincter is incapable of withstanding the pressure of my right hand, quickly succumbing to the overwhelming urge to urinate; Her slow dribbles swiftly grow into a full-blown jet, I rub faster as her piss crashes against my palm; and she shivers yet again, her body shaking in totality, releasing a squealing moan. I place my right hand back onto her throat, she mouthing:

“Fuck.”

She responds with faster motion on my member.

Despite being muffled by the jeans, the hiss of her gushing, vibrating piss in my hand is still clearly audible, as her piss is forced to gush into the puddle my hand forms in her crotch: starting high-pitched and slowly lowering in pitch as she forms a deepening puddle in her crotch whilst my hand rubs her profusely. Her piss exploding out the front of her jeans, glistening in the moonlight, re-wetting the first piss path from earlier, soaking her cold thighs and feet, making audible tricking at her ankles as piss floods the ground below—not thinking twice about the stinging in her scrapped knees.

All her sounds, her warmth hissing in my hand, her flowing down her legs, I uncontrollably moan, partially loudly, as I hastily subdue my own mouth with my left hand lest the neighbors hear, continuing muffled under my own hand. My eyes roll back, my knees feeling weak, as if I’ve lost all control of my body; just as I empty my bladder, I explode in an unfathomable experience—I felt as though I’d faint, with each subsequent burst of load, her hands slipping in a slosh of cum and piss; I consequently rub her faster and harder.

She, still pissing, nearly belching a squealing, high-pitched moan, due to my acceleration, into the still night as I quickly release her throat and cover her mouth, subduing her mouth—she ever so slightly giggling through it—as she reaches climax, signaled by her short, quick exhalation and her steadily weakened stream accelerating in jet-like manner, in rhythmic pulses of six or seven bursts of whatever is remaining in her bladder, moaning through my right hand over her mouth, with each subsequent jet of piss.

She shivers, her body thrashing in an orgasmic ecstasy, her skin riding through a rollercoasters of goosebumps. I rub even faster until the end of the rhythmic cycle.

Her jeans are absolutely fucking soaked.

As we both finish.. we just.. stand there—not thinking twice that perhaps her neighbors might’ve seen us, or that her light would randomly flicker back on exposing us—and gaze into each other’s eyes..

We kiss, moaning in affection.

*Two hours later*

“We speak of this to no one—not even the kiss—got it?”

Oh, but there’s no way I could secret this experience from you, of course.

“What, Alexis, with all her eccentricity and confidence, keeps secrets?”

“This is the only secret that will I have—“

“Mmmm, I don’t think that’s entirely true. I bet there’s more..”

She bats her eyes to the side and back to mine, grinning.

“Thanks for letting me shower and the pajamas—I’m gonna have to walk home in girly pajamas—let me know when you’ve washed and dried my clothes. I’ll stop by your place and pick them up sometime next week.”

“Hey, no problem. Don’t worry, you look cute in those pajamas; they’re mine, of course!”

“Haha, right. And—hey—I’m really sorry about earlier today, I didn’t mean to give you a panic attack and make you cry..”

“Oh, it’s alright, I’ve had these panic attacks for some time now; they only happen when I’m under a lot of pressure; and while public wetting is embarrassing enough, your yelling wasn’t helping. Plus, you’ve more than made up for it *wink, wink*.”

“Haha, right, yes.. will—“

“Hm?”

“Will.. will there be a next time?”

“There might be..”

I smile and she smiled back.

“Oh! By the way, my keys were in my right jeans pocket. After I finished, I looked down at my soaked jeans—there was so much steam coming out of it—and I noticed a bulge in my right pocket: my keys, soaked in piss.. oopsy, hehe..”

“I’m so glad you misplaced your keys!”

“Ugh, you were so fucking hot—I’ve never uncontrollably moaned, but you.. were.. just.. mm.”

“Hey, you were great, too—I mean, you actually stunned me, ‘cuz I thought you were someone who’s boring and plain; I didn’t think that you like omo, too?”

“Heh, yeah, that’s my secret; I’m a boring guy with a dirty little secret.”

“Mmmm, I can’t wait to show what’s in store for you; I’m going to exploit this—if you thought this was really intense, you have no idea how much further I can step it up a notch..”

“Surprise me. ‘Til next time, then.”

Now the cold trek back home..

..halfway home, I think to myself why my dumb-self didn’t just ask to stay overnight.

I guess the whole experience has unscrewed a few bulbs in my head..

