Another Poem: Midnight Micturition

Author: HissGenerator

*000*2022-04-24 19:25

Midnight Micturition

Tossing and turning in need, she huffs,

Bladder is bursting, calling her bluff;

A faucet is yearning to be opened up,

Madder and burning her belly becomes.

She thrusts a fingering into her fold,

Presses a circle, keeping per mold—

Pee busts a stream lingering so,

Messes her purple panties below.

Reels a gasp and puffs through her teeth,

Moans and stifles whenever she breathes:

Feels a fast hiss puddles up to her knees,

Groans and riles more pee on the sheets.

Burning chest straitens, morphing a tingle:

Feeding her pee, hard-squirting a tinkle;

Yearning to straighten the forming wrinkle,

Kneading the heart of the spurting sprinkle.

Goosebumps roll down her thighs, shivering,

Coming from fire aflame, enflamed, quivering

Loose thumb strolls in with nigh delivering—

—humming hum dire came via desirous desire!

Fingers slipping swift with a garble, sloshing:

Triggers dripping drift in a startle, glossing;

Stinger ripping rift: breaks, bottled, rocking—

—dinger dinging dings ringing rings, inspired!

Yelping cries come out in droves and droves

Shelling wee-waters with flows and flows;

Helping, pries pee plumb, watch it go and go

Pelting pee pitter-patters from walls to walls.

Suspecting not such a disastrous Midnight

Knowing full well only a wetting delight

Expecting aught but spectacular flight

Throwing soaked covers over a goodnight.

