The Day of Holding

Author: Hotdogking42

*000*2025-12-08 01:29

Hello, this is going to be an attempt at a more world building story, rather than focused on a particular main character and her desperation. This is an idea I've had cooked up for a while, but I decided to wait until I was a higher rank before I posted it, lest I wait for moderator's approval every single time. But, here I am now with all the time I need to write this. So write this I shall.

In the far away land of Endravil, there is a small village by the name of Wetilvia. This is a remarkably curious village, not for the customs, or the items for sale or even its fashion. But rather, the strange curse that has been placed upon it.

Every year, on the equivalent of the 17 of July for us, the women of the village aged from 18 to 27 are unable to relieve their bladders. By this, I do not mean that they aren't allowed to do so. They physically cannot empty their bladders from midnight to midnight on this date. No matter how hard they try, or how long they hover over their chamber pots, no liquid exits their bodies on this date until the clock strikes midnight.

The origins of this curse are largely shrouded in mystery, however, the truth of the matter is simple. Long ago, while this village was just founded, a simple water spirit came to the people there with a proposition. If they were to protect her river from harm, she would make their lands prosperous. The villagers eagerly agreed, and set up a secure guard for the river round the clock.

True to her word, the River Spirit's waters allowed their lands to become prosperous. The fields surrounding Wetilvia became full of crops ready for harvesting, and their livestock were always in the best of health. For a time, the villagers of Wetilvia worshiped this spirit as a goddess.

But, as time marched on, the villagers grew complacent. They enjoyed their prosperity so much that they stopped paying such diligent attention to the river they were charged with guarding. Eventually, this mistake cost them dearly. A group of young women were carrying a cart full of decaying crop to be deposited in the forest. Not wanting to go all the way there, these women decided to just dump the crops in the river instead.

This angered the spirit immensely, who not only took away all of the prosperity the village enjoyed, but also placed a curse upon it. "I have long held my river in your village to grant you the joy you have squandered!" she declared. "For your crimes of negligence, let your young women learn what it means to hold such waters!" Then, she disappeared, never to be seen again. At first, the villagers were confused by what this curse meant. But as nothing happened right away, they all took it for bluster.

However, the next morning, the mayor's daughter, a young woman of about 20, woke up with her bladder full to bursting. She had to cross her legs tightly to keep it all in as she got out of bed. She hobbled over to her privy to let it all out... and nothing happened. She squatted there, straining all of her bladder muscles as hard as she could to get her bladder to release itself, but nothing worked. It was as if her pee hole had been sealed shut.

All around Wetilvia, any woman between the age of 18 and 27 found themselves unable to pee that morning. Houses were filled with desperate cries as they all tried in vain to release their bursting bladders. That day, the village was full of young woman hobbling around the streets, hands shoved deep in their crotches despite knowing the futility of such an act, as nothing would be coming out of their pee holes no matter what they did.

The curse seemed to make them all thirstier too. So, despite their better judgement, they were all forced to keep drinking just to quench this thirst. Soon enough, the streets were full of these young women, all doing various potty dances just to alleviate this terrible pressure. The young girls who were responsible for this mess seemed to be in especially dire straits. Their bladders seemed to fill twice as fast as everyone else's, to the point that they all had very visible bulges in their abdomens by the late afternoon. All women were bulging by this time, but these ones especially.

The villagers desperately tried pleading with the Water Spirit, begging for forgiveness, and pleading that she remove this terrible curse. But she ignored them, and continued to make them suffer. Towards the evening, some women could no longer stand, and had to sit on walls or in chairs and lean forward in a vain attempt to even slightly lessen the awful pressure. The Guilty Girls as they were now dubbed, were so desperate by the evening that they could no longer stand at all, instead forced to lie on the ground, their legs double crossed, hands shoved so deep into their crotches that they could be considered stuck, and writhing around in desperate agony.

Eventually, Midnight struck. And the curse broke. The 5 Guilty Girls' bladders emptied on the spot, in the middle of the street in front of everyone. Seeing this, all desperate women hobbled to the nearest privy and finally released the terrible pressure from their aching bladders. They tried again to plead with the Water Spirit, not wanting to go through that again. Instead, she simply replied in a disembodied voice, "You shall suffer this curse annually, until I have decided that you truly understand your crimes!"

Sure enough, the same thing happened again. The young women between 18 and 27 were unable to pee for the entire day, only to very nearly, or outright wet themselves as soon as the clock struck midnight. Since then, it has become a yearly tradition of Wetilvia for their women of that age group to be forced to participate in the Day of Holding, as they dubbed it.

Girls of 17 were prepped for their turn in bearing the weight of the curse, while women of 28 or older shared stories of their experiences. One woman told the story of how when she was 20, she wasn't able to pee for nearly the whole day the day before The Day of Holding, and ended up with nearly 2 days worth of pee in her bladder by the time the curse lifted. Boys and men were expected to be civil and respectful of their daughters, sister, cousins, and/or spouses, and do everything they could to make the day as comfortable as possible for them. Such was the peculiar ways of the Village of Wetilvia. It has been this way since it's inception, and shall be this way until the last resident draws their final breath.

Well, I hope you found the premise of this story interesting. If I get enough positive comments on it, I will start telling the stories of the residents of the village, from their first year experiencing The Day of Holding, to their last, and other such events. So, do stay tuned for that, because this thing will simply be uploaded whenever I feel like writing it.

*002*2025-12-08 14:41

Oh my God a post of mine got a comment for Rexonne! Day made!

*008*2025-12-09 10:30

1. Some did, some still hate it.

2. Yes, it affects all women between that age regardless

Glad you like it

*011*2025-12-15 01:48

Ok, I'm back by popular demand! Here's part 2 of Day of Holding. This time, it will be a more focused story. The focus being on an 18 year old girl's first experience with The Day of Holding!

When Allora first woke up, she felt that it was a normal day. Her bladder woke her up as usual, however this time there was something unusual about it. She got out of bed and had to double cross her legs to prevent her pee from escaping. She waddled over to her chamber pot and hovered over it. But nothing came out. Confused, she pushed as hard as she could, even digging her hands into her slightly swollen bladder, but it didn't do anything. Her bladder simply wouldn't empty.

And then, with a horrible jolt, she remembered the date. And more importantly, she remembered her age. She was now 18 on the Day of Holding. Which meant she will be joining in on the day where women couldn't pee.

She felt tears prick her eyes as she got up from her chamber pot, completely unrelieved, and went into the kitchen from breakfast. When she got there, she found her older sister Haydee, who was 23, sitting at the table with her legs crossed. She was squirming around slightly as she ate. When she spotted the look of discomfort on Allora's face, she gave her younger a sister a look of pity. "Oh, I forgot you have to experience this now," she said to her. "Guess you'll be joining me in these next few years." "But I don't want to join you!" Allora complained as she sat down. "I just want to pee!" "Don't we all dear sister," said Haydee. "Don't we all."

But pee they couldn't. At least not until Midnight on that day. Allora gathered with some of her friends, who were also going through this for the first time in there lives. One or two of them were still 17, and as a result didn't have to experience this. The rest of their friends looked at them with extreme jealousy. Allora felt as though there was a balloon swelling up inside of her. By the afternoon, when she looked down at her belly, she could see it sticking out slightly. When she touched it, it felt rock solid, and her prods sent a shiver down her spine.

She found herself barely able to move from the desperation she was going through. A couple of her friends were in the same boat, standing there with their knees locked together and hands jammed into their crotches. Others were doing full potty dances, hopping about and squirming madly, hoping to do anything to alleviate the terrible pressure. One girl had to go so bad she couldn't even stand up anymore. Instead, she was on the ground in a foetal position, hands jammed so far up her crotch that they were probably close to disappearing into it.

By the late afternoon, Allora was in that boat. By this time, she had left her friends and returned home, deciding to just wait out this terrible day there. Now, she was stretched out on the couch, in floods of tears as she writhed around, hands practically glued directly onto her vagina under her pants as she did. "Make it stop!" she begged desperately. "Please make it stop! I just want to peeeeeeeeeeee!!!"

"I know my dear," said her mother sympathetically. "I was once in your position. It was unbearable. There were moments where I felt like it was never going to end. But it always does, don't worry."

Haydee came waddling in at this and sat next to her little sister. Despite being quite full herself and just as unable to relieve herself as Allora was, she still put her focus in comforting her little sister as she writhed in a desperate agony. Seeing Allora like this made Haydee's own bladder send out uncomfortable pangs of sympathetic desperation, but she ignored them.

Eventually, evening came. By this time, Allora and Haydee were counting the seconds until this nightmarish day ended. Allora had never been so full in all her life. It felt like every drop of liquid that she'd drunk that week had somehow managed to find its way back into her bladder, and she had no way of emptying it out. Not until the hour struck midnight.

Haydee also looked to be in bad shape. Despite this being her 5th year experiencing this, she still felt immense discomfort and also wished for it to be over Both sisters sat on the couch with their hands directly pressing on their vaginas, not to keep the liquid in, but simply to offer them even a few milliseconds of relief from the awful pressure. Allora found herself whispering, "Almost there, almost there, almost there," over and over again, trying to assure herself that she was nearly free. This was the longest day of her life.

At last, the clock struck midnight, and Allora felt a change come over her body, especially her bladder. It was no longer sealed shut. Her pee wanted out, and it wanted out NOW. Quick as a flash, she staggered over to her chamber pot, not caring if she filled it up and left Haydee waiting longer to pee. The second Allora squatted over her chamber pot and moved her pants out of the way, a waterfall's worth of pee exploded out of her.

She could help but moan with pleasure as she finally got free of that terrible curse. The relief she felt was something she would cherish for the next week as she extatically peed into this pot. Her legs wabbled as pee continued to leave her bladder, causing her to almost fall over. Eventually, after over a minute and a half of peeing, her bladder was finally empty, and her chamber pot almost completely filled.

As for Haydee, she knew her sister needed it more, so she didn't even try to race her for it. Instead she stood in the sitting room, doing the most desperate pee dance of her life as Allora ran for the pot. The second she heard her little sister peeing, she couldn't take it anymore as her body began to leak urine into her hand. So, she hobbled outside, squatted over the bushes that surrounded their house, and let out a torrent of her own. "Oh sweet merciful lord!" she exclaimed as over a day's worth of pee left her bladder too. Haydee actually fell back onto her hands as her pee came out, almost going all the way onto her back in the process.

Eventually, both girls were empty. Allora dumped the contents of the chamber pot into the garden, then she and Haydee met up in the sitting room. "So, how was your first Day of Holding?" Haydee asked. "Horrible," Allora replied. "I never want to have to do that again." Haydee nodded in agreement. "Well, unfortunately, you're going to have to," she said. "For the next 12 years." Allora sighed with frustration. "I know," she said. "But for those times, I'll be ready!" Haydee chuckled and rubbed her sister's head. "That's the spirit!" she said.

Well, I hope that was worth the wait. If I do post another instalment of this, I will try to make it more original and not just a reskinning of this one. But, let me know if you want another part of this story, or if you want to see more of Allora. Feedback is greatly appreciated!

*012*2025-12-15 01:50

Ok, so apparently despite being a damp member, some of my stuff still needs to be approved. I wrote an update for this but it's pending approval. So, keep an eye on this post over the next few days. I'll try to update it again when it gets approved.

*013*2025-12-18 09:40

Update: It has been approved!

