No wee for a servant girl !

Author: huberp76

*000*2021-03-22 22:40

One of my class colleagues worked part time in a coffee shop.

The shop was in a park pavilion, very small, with just a few tables inside and some tables outside and there was no loo, neither for customers, nor for the staff.

For customers was a loo in the shop not really necessarily, because near the pavilion was a public toilet.

The staff, it was always only one person to the same time working, had to hold it, because they could not leave the pavilion alone.

Once, it was a late spring day , i visited her at her coffee shop.

I arrived late in the afternoon and had luck that i got a table outside.

She looked very hot and sexy, with her super short skirt and her long, nude legs.

It was so exciting for me, to see so much bare girl skin, after a long cold winter.

She was pleased to see me and i was pleased too.

I ordered something to drink and watched her at her work .

Her legs were like a magnet for my eyes, especially when she bended over to take something from another table, did she show me her legs up to the top, up to her little panties.

I watched, that she she sometimes moved her legs, like girls do that, when they need to wee and when she was standing somewhere, she had her sexy legs, tight crossed.

For someone like me, who absolutely love it if girls need to wee, was it clear that she was needing to go pretty bad.

I ordered another drink and as she severed the drink, she was standing beside me, with her legs crossed.

I had to ask, i wanted to hear it from her what i had already known, i asked “do you need to wee?

She looked at me , crossed her legs, bended over and said “oh yes, really, really bad, i nearly do it in my panties!”

”And why don’t you go?” I asked her.

”We don’t have a loo here and i can’t leave.” she answered.

She told me that would normally not be a problem for her, but today it was absolutely bad, first she had no chance to go in the school and then she had to hurry, because she had to open here at 3pm.

She hoped that she had time to use the toilet here in the park before she opened, but then she had bad luck again, there was a group of tourists in front of the toilet and she did not have enough time to wait for so long and so she could not go, she had to start her shift with a full bladder and a strong urge to wee.

I had to be careful not to show, how much arousing that was for me. My little friend, down there between my thighs could not hide that, he was getting hard as a bone.

” Does that mean that you did not wee since before noon?” i wanted to know.

”Not before noon, i did not wee since i did get up early the morning !” she replied.

Then she had to go to other customers.

I was so excited to know that this pretty girl was needing to wee so bad, that she did not pee all day long and to know that her bladder in her flat belly must have been full to burst.

Actually i wanted to stay for only one drink, but now i simply could not go, i wanted more of this, i wanted more from her and her need to wee.

I had luck, there were not many customers, so she did come back to me very soon.

To see her standing beside me with her magnificent legs, tight crossed from needing to wee, was nearly to much for me.

”Is it that bad?” i wanted to know and she answered exactly what i wished to hear.

”It is more than bad! I can endure a lot, but this is nearly over the limit of my endurance.” she said.

I wanted to know how much longer her shift would last and she told me a little over 2 hours.

“What are you going to do?” i asked her and she answered “ i can do nothing than to hold it, i have to hold it, no matter what, or should i wee my panties.”

I did not know what i would have liked more, to see her holding it back with all her power, or to see the wee running down on this wonderful legs.

She was so hot and so sexy, i don’t know if she did know, how much she turned me on.

I wanted nothing more, than to have sex with her, with her bladder that full.

I could see how her bladder was bulging out and i could not stop to think and to imagine how much hot girl urine she was holding back in there and how painful her urge must have been .

I did stay one more hour and then i had to go, because i had a appointment.

If i think back to this experience, if i remember at this situation and on this girl, so i am sure, that it was a big mistake to miss this last hour with her.

Today would no appointment be more important for me, than to spend this last hour with the bursting full girl.

Next day at school i asked her if she could keep her panties dry.

*002*2021-09-22 12:08

{{21 hours ago, Peter-P said:

I hope she could hold it, as it is a pity, if a strong and brave woman – although she frighted like Supergirl to hold her pee in – loses control. She should be proud at the end after coping with her bursting bladder even at such a hard day! And beside this it would ruin my adorance in the situation, if she would lose control and change to show weak... – even after knowing how strong she really was!

}}

Oh yes, she could hold it and she was fighting against her urge, with all her power to keep her panties dry, she told me.

Healthy, good trained girls can hold a lot of wee in their bladders. The have got during the time a strong outer sphincter, so that they are able to overfill and overstretch their bladders if it is necessary. They can resist a lot of pressure in their bladders, before they start leaking.

I wanted to hear more from her holding experience and she told me that it was very painful for her to hold it for so long and that her bladder was hurting very much from being so much overfilled.

After closing time, she had to clean and to put away some things, witch lasted a half hour more.

She did it with her legs crossed and she thought about to piss in a water pitcher, but she did not.

She did hold it until she was ready and then she walked with rubbing knees to the public toilet.

I wished i could have bring her home with my car before she could take her urgently wee!

I know that it is bad, but i had no pity, absolutely no mercy with her as she told me that it was painful for her not being able to pee for so long, forced to hold it back for so long.

The very reverse, i was hard at the moment and although i did like her, i wished that she had to hold it longer.

I wanted to see her cross her legs, bending over, push her little skirt between her thighs and then i thought that i wanted to hear her piss, after holding it for so long. Her jet must have been high pressure and i think that she moaned from the release, as she pissed her bladder pain away!?

I absolutely not a sadist, but i love girls desperate to pee and they can never be desperate enough for me!

*004*2021-09-22 14:43

{{1 hour ago, Peter-P said:

Same here: I ever adore the women, who can hold their pee for ages after it got really hard.

But I also ever want them to make it dryly to relieve a never ending extreme torrent into a toilet or into a measuring jug at the end

Love that story you experienced!

}}

Yes, i absolutely love it if a girl is needing to wee really bad and if she is able to hold it nevertheless very, very long.

I love it too, if a girl who hold it back her pee to her absolutely limit and then she piss hard , with high pressure in a measuring jug.

To see a very, very large amount of hot pee and to imagine that she was holding all that in her bladder and to imagine how bad she must had to piss and how overstretched her “poor “ bladder must have been, is absolutely hot and arousing for me.

At the same moment i wish that she had to hold more.

