The flea market Girl !

Author: huberp76

*000*2020-05-12 22:03

Just a short story - experience.

My friend and i wanted to go to the cinema. Some hours before, he called me on the phone and told me that i should come earlier, because we had to pick up his sister.

His sister is two years younger than we, she was on a flea market in the next down and was selling some old pieces wich she collected over the year.

As we arrived she was standing behind a table with some things.

Her legs was tight crossed, it was visible to see, that she was needing to wee really bad.

”oh my god, i need to wee so bad, my bladder is about to explode “she said.

”Help me to put this things in your car and bring me somewhere, where i can wee, please, please hurry up i can’t hold it any longer, i am holding it in since i did get up in the morning, i had not a chance to go all day long !” she was begging, with one hand pressed between her thighs.

We did need about 20 minutes and she did the most erotic pee dancing i had ever seen .

She pushed her skirt between her thighs and squatted down, her thighs were total naked.

She did hold with one hand her bulging bladder and massaged it.

She did all what a girl can do to hold her wee inside her, but just before we wanted to go, she started to leak.

I could see how some drops of wee running down on her nude legs.

That was sooo hot and made me total horny.

Oh my god, how bad needed this girl to pee and how much i loved it.

Just a few drops running down on her nude legs and then she could stop it, but my friend was afraid that she would wet his seats and putted a blanket on the backseat, for safety.

“Please hurry bring me to a loo, i MUST piss, i can’t no more „ she was begging again to my friend.

„It takes just a half hour until home, you are a big girl, I think you can hold it that long!“ my friend said.

It was like music in my ears, to see and to hear her suffer this great pee desperation, would have been so hot for me, but she told him that she could not endure it for so long and that he should stop out of the down, on the country road.

Again he said that she should hold it, just 20 more minutes could not be a big problem for her.

I turned my head on looked back to her, it was soooo hot, she had one hand between her naked thighs and pressed with one finger the pee wet fabric from her panties, deep in her girl slit.

Why could we not drive for some hours with this girl around instead to go to the cinema, I thought to myself.

10 minutes later she shouted „ stop, stop, it’s coming out, i am doing it in my panties!!!“

My friend could not do anything else, than to stop.

She squatted down and pissed in her panties beside the car.

She pissed and pissed and pissed, she must really have been full to burst.

Back in the car, she told us that she was needing to wee since before noon and that it was so painful for her to hold it back for so many hours and that her bladder still hurts from being so stretched and overfilled.

I think she should train to hold more and longer!

I would like to teach her!

*002*2020-05-17 21:45

{{On 5/13/2020 at 3:43 PM, Batman007 said:

Amazing story

}}

Thank you, i am glad that you like it!

*004*2020-06-03 12:15

{{On 5/20/2020 at 2:19 PM, Liggly said:

Very nice story

}}

Thank you, i am glad that you like it!

