No wee in the disco!

Author: huberp76

*000*2020-11-30 21:12

Another experience from my youth.

I spendet a good time with a pretty girl in a disco.

She was a shy girl, but despite her shyness, she was dressed very sexy.

She did wear a short top and a low waist, short skirt.

Her flat belly was nude until far under her belly button and her legs were nude until far over her knees.

We danced, we kissed and we did drink a lot, all evening long.

At about 2 am we decided to go home.

On the way outside, she said ”before we leave ...”

I did know very well what she wanted to say and what she wanted to do before we leave and i did absolutely did not wanted, that she would do that, i interrupt her, did take her by her hand and went with her to my car.

She went with me, without to say something more.

I did know that she was needing to wee since a long time.

She did try to go a few times, but i did not give her a good chance, whenever she wanted to go, i started to talk with her, or i did take her to dance.

How i wrote, she was a shy shy girl and she did not wanted to admit that she was needing to wee, she did hold it back.

On the way outside was her last chance, but she did not use it, she went with me to my car.

I think that she thought she had to hold it just 40 minutes more until she would be at home, but i did not wanted to bring her home.

I stopped on the way home at a quite place, near a little wood.

I putted the seats down and made her lie down flat on her back.

I started to kiss her and was lying on her, on a way that all the weight of my body pressed on her belly and on her bladder.

She did moan from needing to wee, but she did let me do it, she did not say anything.

She did let me strip her short skirt out and did let me push the waistband from her little panties down nearly to her pussy.

I was laying beside her and caressed her belly with my hand.

I could feel how firm and how round her usual flat belly was.

I did caress her belly, i did massage her lower abdomen and i did press on push on her full bladder.

”I need to wee so bad, I’ll make your seat wet if you don’t stop to press my bladder.” she said.

I pressed hard again and said “you are really pretty full down there.”

Then i pushed her little panties down under her knees and started to fuck her.

I fucked her hard and pressed with one hand also hard and deep in her belly.

She moaned from lust and from needing to wee so bad.

After we had both our orgasm, she did get out of the car, with her panties down under her knees and started to piss endless long.

Back in the car she told me that she was not at the loo all evening and that she was already needing to wee so bad as we were in the disco.

She told me that she thought i would burst her bladder when i pressed so hard and deep in her belly, during fucking and she told me that it was so hot and painful but absolutely a great feeling . She did like it .

”I love it! We can do it again “ NO WEE FOR YOU IN THE DISCO “ next time”. I said.

