No pee stop for a hitchhiker boy

Author: huberp76

*000*2019-04-16 21:30

Maybe that some of you know this story? I wrote it once at experience project.

Some years ago, i was a little bit over 30 to that time, i made a long business trip.

On the way back home i stopped at a motorway service station. It was about 10 am to that time. On the way back to the motorway i saw a boy at the parking lot. I could see him just from behind, he did wear short running shorts, a T-shirt, sneakers and a rucksack with a paper with the name of my town.

His little ass in this tiny shorts and his slender, smooth legs, looked great and sexy. I stopped beside him and opened my window, he bended down to me and smiled. He was more cute as a boy should be. I asked him if he wanted to go with me and told him that i would go non stop to his town.

He did not answer for about 15 seconds and than he smiled again and said that he would like to come with me. He putted his rucksack on the backseat and did take place beside me.

To that time did all boys wear short shorts, but his was extreme short and had a slit on the side, like running shorts have. I could not take my eyes from his slim, smooth and nude legs. I did not see that he was watching me.

"You like my legs ?" he asked me. I was a little bit surprised and did not know what i should answer, so i asked why he aske me that. "Because you always look at them" he said. Than i did calm down a little bit and said " yes i like your legs, they are really great and sexy."

"Why don't you touch it? I would love that! I always dreamed, that a man like you is rubbing my naked thighs" he said. I could not resist , i butted my hand on his knee and was sliding up on the smooth skin of his slim legs.

"Don't stop it, it feels sooo good" he said and laid his head on my shoulder, like normally girls do that. " Why did you waited so long before you did get in my car" i asked.

" I was on the way to the loo" he answered. "You need the loo?" i wanted to know. "Yes, but that is not a problem, i can hold it. If you are a hitchhiker you have to have a strong bladder, there a many drivers, especially men, they don't stop for a pee and enjoy to make us wait. I never aske for a stop, i am to proud to beg someone to let me pee. My bladder is good trained, i can endure it all day, without a pee" he told me.

I pushed his T-shit up and his short down, to see his flat, nude belly. It was visible swollen, i could feel his firm bladder with my hand and said "you are pretty full down there"

"I must be full, i did not wee since yesterday evening" he said. I was hard at the moment and he said "I see you like that" and looked at the bulge in my pants.

"I am sorry, but yes, i like that! Only to think that you did not pee since yesterday, is total arousing for me and to feel your hard bladder, makes me nearly crazy.

To that time, we had more that 2 hours to go. I had my hand on his thigh and sometimes i could feel how he clenched his muscles to hold all this urine back in his boy bladder. One hour later he could no longer hide his urge and his need.

He rubbed his knees together, smiled at me and said" it is really painful not to pee for so long" and kissed my cheek with his wet lips and his tongue.

" I have still holydays, if you take me home with you, i could stay for a few days .I would not go to the loo, after we arrive, i would hold it for you some hours more! Would you like that?" he asked and liked my cheek, with his soft and wet tongue.

This cute girly boy made a offer to me, that i could not resist, but i was afraid that he was to young, he was so smooth and looked so young, that i had to asked him "how old are you?

"Since 3 weeks old enough, that you can do all this things, that you want to do with me. Take me! I am yours!" he said.

As we did get out of my car, he stopped on the way to my house and crossed his wonderful, naked legs, tight.

"Is it that bad?" i asked. " That must be bad ! I needed to pee since early in the morning and now it is evening, i am holding it longer than 20 hours. You can't imagine how much i need to wee, but i hold it longer for you! I think you like that!!?" he whispered in my ear, than he turned his head and kissed me on my mouth and pressed his swollen bladder hard against my hard cock.

The next days was wonderful and unforgettable!!!

*003*2019-04-18 20:55

Hi, daisyduke and hydroStorm, i am glad that you like my story. Thank you.

*006*2019-04-20 21:24

{{On 4/19/2019 at 1:15 PM, Spectator9 said:

Many years ago when hitchhiking was very common, I picked up a young fellow for a long ride and had to stop along the way so he could pee. He had just gotten a ride to the intersection where I picked him up and there wasn't any place there where he could pee.

}}

I love this kind of experience!

His bladder was full at the time when you picked him up for a long ride.

He had a ride before and no chance to pee between.

Did he tell you his situation before he asked you for a pee stop? Was he desperate to that time? Did you make him wait?

Did you know how long he was holding before.

Did you like this situation, was it arousing for you?

Sorry for so many questions, but can you please write more about this?! Thank you!

I know some boys hold it really long before they ask for a stop.

