The deal!

Author: huberp76

*000*2020-01-06 00:56

Just a short story- or better a short experiences.

I had a date with a pretty, young girl.

It was our second or our third date and we did not know us really good.

We spendet the afternoon together and at the evening we had a dinner in a Italien restaurant.

After the dinner she wanted to go to a cinema. I did not want to go, because it was Sunday and I had to get up early next morning.

She was disappoint about that.

After we ordered our meal, she wanted to go to the bathroom.

I stopped her and told her that I would take her to the cinema if she would not go to the loo.

She was surprised about my offer and told me that she did not wee since early in the morning and that it would be really urgently by now.

She wanted to know the reason why she should not go.

I told her that I love it if a girl need to wee, but don’t go, if she hold it and that i love it to know that a girl has a big, full bladder in her belly.

I said “ can we make a deal? I take you to the cinema and you hold it for me.”

She could not really understand why she should do that, but she agreed, she wanted to see a special film.

She did not go to the loo and she did not wee.

Now I did not think on the next morning, i did only think on the girl’s need to pee and on her full bladder.

I had time enough, all night, if she would not piss herself before.

We had dinner for more than one hour and i made her drink a lot.

The girl did not wee before we left to the cinema.

We had to drive about 30 minutes. I went for the ticket, she was standing beside me, with her beautiful legs, tight crossed.

”I need to wee so bad, can i go please “ she asked me.

”No! A deal is a deal. You are a big girl, you can hold it.” I answered consequent.

”But i am holding it for so long, i am needing to wee since afternoon. Let me go please.” she said.

“No, you promised me to hold it, so hold it!!” I answered.

Instead that i did let her empty her overfilled bladder, i filled it up more.

A large soda for her and no wee!

She could not sit still for a minute, she told me every few minutes how bad she would need to wee and how full her bladder would be.

I really did love it!

Sometimes i did feel if her panties are still dry and they was until the end of the film.

The deal was that she would hold it for me until the end of the film and than i would let her go, but she had bad luck.

The Exit was directly to the street and there was no loos, where she could finally go.

No wee for her! She was needing to wee so bad, but she had to go with me to my car.

On the way she did rubbing her knees together at each step, she had to stop to cross her legs, she did bend over and sometimes she pressed her hand under her skirt, between her nude thighs and squatted for a few seconds, but she did not piss, she were needing it so bad, but she did not, she did hold it!

She did hold it in my car, all the way home. She told me, that she never needed to wee so bad in her life than now.

No film in the world could have been better and more erotic for me, than to see this girl act to keep her panties dry.

It was total arousing for me, I would have given her the Oscar for that.

She did not act, it was reality pure.

I think that this was a good deal for me.

*003*2020-03-29 22:02

{{On 3/8/2020 at 2:40 AM, HoldingPrinces said:

Great. Love it

}}

I’m glad you love it!

