Part of the job!

Author: huberp76

*000*2023-07-17 16:58

A student girl is working at her summer holidays at a street kiosk at a busy places in the city.

She is selling ice cream from morning until late evening to earn money.

Usually there are two shifts and she is sharing her shifts with a student boy.

He is a absolutely good looking boy with a great body. He is always wearing super short shorts to show his slim, muscular , sexy legs.

The girls and the ladies love that, they come for ice cream and for to see him.

The girl is looking very good as well and she is showing a lot of her sexy legs as well, because her skirt is extra short.

The boys and the men love that.

There is one boy, he is coming nearly every day for to buy ice cream and for to watch that girl.

He did like her and she did appeals him very much. Her slim body, her sexy legs and there was something more, he had a absolutely fetish for girls with a full bladder and for girls who are holding, or have to hold their urine for very long periods of time.

He did notice that the girl is sometimes working a double shift, from morning until late evening.

If he is coming at evening to buy a ice cream, he always think about how full her bladder must be and how urgently she must need to wee after holding it for so long.

He did look at her belly to watch if her bladder maybe is already swollen and bulging out.

It makes him so horny to know that the pretty girl did not wee even once all day long. He wanted to talk about it with her, but he was to shy for that.

One evening, when the girl is doing again a double shift, he could not resist, he did take all his courage to ask her and to talk with her.

She was already standing with her legs crossed, but girls are standing sometimes like that even if they not need to wee.

The boy did know very well why she had her legs crossed and he did love that reason very much.

He started to talk with her something for him unimportant and then he said „ i have seen you here today already in the morning, it must be very hard to stand here for so many hours. But there is one thing what i always ask me, what are you doing if you need to go to the toilet?“

„Nothing, i cross my legs and jam it, like i am doing it now.“ she answered.

“Does it mean that you are needing to wee now?“ he asked with a boner in his shorts.

“What do you think? I did not wee since i left my home early in the morning, my bladder is full since hours, but pee holding is a part of my job „ she answered, smiled and crossed her sexy legs very tight………….

*001*2023-07-18 10:46

Sorry that i talk so much about your need to wee, but it is so amazing for me that you are able to suppress your bodily needs for so extreme long.

I absolutely admire you that you can bear up not to wee even once all day long.

You are so slim and petite girl, but your bladder must be humongous.“ said the boy, aroused from the talk and from the fact that the girl has not weed since so long.

“You don’t have to be sorry, i suffered so many times about a overfilled bladder and a painful urge to wee and nobody did even notice that, nobody did care about it.

My boss did not even ask once how i am doing with my bodily needs, when he told me to do a double shift.

Usually i need to wee at noon pretty bad and it gets very hard and sometimes very painful to put it off until late at the evening.

My boss must know it that girls are needing to wee sometimes during the day,. Either he don’t think about it, or he don’t care about it, or he think that i should squat somewhere between the cars when it gets to urgently. He pays good money for the job and all other is my own problem. That’s why i said peehoding is a part of my job.

You don’t have to be sorry for talking with me about my needs. It feels good that someone notice my good pee holding performance and my plight as well.

It feels good to get admired and maybe a little regretted, it makes it easier to hold it.” answered the girl.

The poor girl did suffer from needing to wee very bad and the poor boy did suffer from being so horny.

He had a problem to hide his boner in his shorts and he did not exactly know what to answer.

”I want to be honest, i admire you for your bladder control and for your holding performance, but sorry, i don’t have pity with you, it turns me on very, very much to know that you are needing to wee very bad and that you are holding a very big overfilled bladder in your thin belly.

I know that it is bad and i hope that you are not angry about that?” said the boy.

*002*2023-07-19 20:22

“Oh no, i am not angry about that you like to see me suffer from needing to wee so bad, i have to suffer and i have to hold it no matter if you like it or not.

I heard, that some boys gets aroused from girls who are needing to wee. If you like that, if you get turned on about my need and my overfilled bladder, i don’t suffer for nothing.” answered the girl.

”I Really, really admire you for your holding performance and for your coolness. I think not many girls have that ability.” said the boy.

“I don’t know, but on the other hand, the boy who is usually doing the other part of the shift, gets always nearly crazy from needing to pee if he has to do a double shift.

He asked me how i handle with my urge to wee, especially at afternoon when the bladder is very full after holding it already for so many hours and then still so many hours to hold.

He told me that he sometimes use a jug for to pee if it is getting too bad and if nobody is around, but sometimes if it is to busy and he don’t get a chance to do that, if he has to hold it until later evening, he could cry from needing to pee so and about his painful overfilled bladder.

If you like boys desperate as well, you can come to watch him late at afternoon or at the evening when he is doing his double shift.

He is absolutely a good looking young guy, he always wear short shorts and he looks very cute if he cross his legs very tight from needing to pee so urgently.

You can buy some ice cream at evening and if you see him standing like that, you can ask him if he would need to go to the toilet , it would be interesting what he will tell you.

I am sure he tells you about his plight and about that he has no chance for to pee all day.

Once he said that it is torture what they are doing with us, even prisoners have more rights, they have the right to relieve oneself, but we have to hold it all day.

You have tell it to me what he said ” answered the young girl with more than 1.000 ml urine in her bladder.

”And what’s about you, is it for you torture as well?” asked the boy.

” Not really torture, i need to go pretty urgently, but i can hold it.” answered the girl.

”How long??? Did you ever try to hold it as long as you can? Hav you ever wet your panties?”asked the boy.

”So many questions. No, i did never try to test my limit and no, i never wetted my panties since i am a big girl.” she answered.

The boy was already absolutely horny and the girl was turned on as well from her full bladder and about that talk.

”I would love to invite you for a dinner after your shift, would you accept?” asked the boy with a trembling voice.

”You take me to a restaurant, i should not go to the toilet at the restaurant, i should drink with you and hold it for you!!

Is it that what you would like?” asked the girl and smiled.

*003*2023-07-29 12:11

The girl is a little bit masochistic, sometimes she like that situation, needing to wee pretty bad, but to have no chance to go, being forced to hold the already very full bladder for hours longer.

She like to feel her big, swollen, heavy bladder in her belly and she like to feel a strong urge and she like it to suppress that urge.

This feeling is turning her on and it is turning her on to cross her legs and to rubbing her knees and thighs from needing to wee.

Her young pussy is getting wet and moistly from that, but not from wee.

Sometimes she brings her very full, stretched, firm, plump and taut bladder home to her flat.

She is holding all her wee inside her since she left her home early in the morning, but she still don’t go to the toilet for a so much needed wee.

She stripp her clothes, pull down her little panties and lie naked in her bed.

She take a pillow between her thighs, lie on her belly and press her swollen bladder hard against the pillow.

She torture her bladder very much that way, she push it, she press on it and the more it gets painful, the more it gets arousing for her.

She masturbate with one hand and with the other hand she is massaging her swollen bladder. As soon as she cum, she nearly loose control over her bodily needs, she has to press a finger on her peehole to prevent that she wet the bed.

Then she goes as soon as possible to the toilet to pee her bladder pain away.

The girl is not just a masochist, she is a sadist as well.

She loves it and it turns her on to see her boy colleague desperate from needing to pee so bad at his double shift.

She like it to see him cross his boy legs and to see him bending over and hear him whine.

She though sometimes it must be great to have sex with him when he is so desperate and she asked her self, would he at all be able to fuck her with his bladder that full.

Now she has a young guy in front of her, who admire her for her ability to hold her wee for so long, a guy who gets turned on so much from her overfilled bladder and her strong urge to wee.

It was new for her and she did like it to hold it for someone and to suffer for a boy and to make a boy horny with her holding performance.

“ What would you like to do with me if i accept your invite?“ she asked.

„ I know very well what i would not let you do, i would not let you use the toilet at the restaurant, i would not let you wee!!!“answered the boy.

“And then you would take me home with you, you would torture my poor bladder, you would press and push it and then you would like to have sex with me, full like i will be then. Is it that what you want to do with me?“ she asked and crossed her sexy legs to tease the poor boy.

“ Oh yea, that would be sooooo great, that i would love to do sooooo much with you.“ answered the boy.“

“ Then let us do it!!“ replied the girl and smiled.

*004*2023-08-01 18:53

The „icecreamgirl“ is not a bad and not a naughty girl, she is not a girl for just one night.

At the moment were two boys for her interesting . She felt attracted to her cute colleague and she did like the boy who admire her for her pee holding performance.

She did know this boy since some weeks, because he is a good customer and he appeals her and there is that extra bonus, she likes to hold her wee and he loves that she is holding it.

“ I need to go really, really bad. My bladder is taut and big as a water balloon short before bursting.

I need to wee since before noon, i hold it back for so long, i can’t bear up for much longer. I have to work now for one more hour and then i have to go home as soon as possible, before i wet my panties.

It will be impossible to go for a dinner and then home with you, without to wee.“ said the girl and was standing with tight crossed legs.

“I understand, you are really a poor gal, you can’t wee even once all day long. You have to hold it, no matter how urgently you would need to go, your bladder have to contain all your urine from early morning until late evening.

I have really a little bit pity with you, i think we cancel the dinner, we go to a kiosk for fast food, for to safe time and then we go to my home.“ said the boy.

“Does it hurt you to hold it back for so long, is it painful for your bladder to get so much overfilled?“ he wanted to know.

„I don’t know how that works, i told you that i need to wee since before noon. I think that my bladder was nearly full to that time and after 1 or 2 or 3 hours it must have been totally full.

Since then it had to expand and to stretch more and more for to hold all the coming wee. The urge was getting stronger and stronger and more painful.

But until a certain level i like that feeling and i like the pain.

I like it need to wee very bad, but don’t go, or can’t go, or are not allowed to go.

I like it to violate and to rape my bladder, to force it to hold more than usually humanly possible.

I sometimes like it to torture my bladder, i don’t even go to the loo when i come home from a double shift, already full to burst. I go then in my bed lie on my swollen belly and press my bulging bladder hard against a pillow. That can hurt a lot, but that can be very arousing as well, i like that.

I am sorry that i told you all that, so many silly things, i know that i am crazy, but i can’t help myself, i simply love it!“ answered the girl.

“You don’t have to be sorry, you are not crazy at all , you are absolutely gorgeous, i love that soooo much. More than anything else.

You make me so horny girl , you are not crazy, but you drive me crazy.

You can’t even imagine how much i love that, how much it turns me on .You are absolutely great, girl!!“ said the boy.

They decided to abstain from a dinner, they decided to go to a kiosk for a burger and then straight to the boys home.

The boy was horny like hell, the beautiful, young girl was standing at the kiosk with sometimes tight crossed legs and sometimes with rubbing knees.

“I need to wee so bad, i nearly do it in my panties.“ she said, lifted one leg and crossed one of her sexy, bare thighs over the other.

After holding it back for so long, she was really needing to wee very, very urgently, but she did act a little more, to turn the boy and herself on even more.

The boy could not get enough from torturing the girls bladder and to make her even more desperate.

He ordered a large coke for her, but she did drink just the half of it.

As they arrived at the boys home were his parents at home. It was hard for the girl to hide her great need and therefore they went as fast as possible to his room.

As soon as they closed the door behind them, the girl crossed her beautiful, sexy legs and said „Oh my got, i need to wee so terrible bad.“

“I love it, i love it so much!! Tell me how bad you need to go, tell me how much your bladder is overfilled.“ said the boy and went behind the girl.

He was standing behind her, clasped her with his arms and pressed with both hands on the girls lower abdomen.

The girl moaned, she blended over and tried to escape, but he did not let her.

He pressed his hard penis tight at her ass and with his hands he pressed hard and deep in the girls abdomen.

He did torture her so much, but he loved it and the girl loved it too, even it was hurting her so much.

Usually she tortured her bladder by herself and now she was getting it tortured from a good looking boy.

They were both in absolutely ecstasy, they were steered by their horniness and from their lust.

They never before did not even touch each other, but now they kissed like crazy and stripped each other’s clothes.

The horny boy lay the bursting full girl, totally naked on his bed.

He could not believe what he saw, the girls bladder was visible bulging out from sexy girl belly.

He never before sew that, he did always just dream about it.

He was in heaven of horniness, he pressed and pushed on it, he massaged it to make the girl whine and trembling, but she did let him do it.

Her bladder was tight and firm, but not really hard as a rock.

“ I think you can hold more!! Your bladder can get bigger and more hard!“ he said and pressed hard on it.“

“Oh yes, i think that i can hold more, but if press harder, I’ll piss your bed. You have got me to my limit of endurance.“ said the girl.

They were so horny, that they simply had to fuck, they did not even think about that they don’t know each other.

They were made for each other, they had to fuck and they did it like crazy.

The boy massaged the girls bladder during fucking, with one of his hands and the girl cried from needing to wee soooo bad, from bladder pain and from lust as well and the boy was fucking in ecstasy.

As soon as they were „ready „ the girl wanted to piss, nothing else, nothing more just piss, but the boy was evil, he did not let her.

He told her that she could not go to the toilet, bended over, with one hand between her thighs, because she would have to pass the living room, where his parents were, she would have to hold it.

“But i can’t no more, i have to piss now, that is always so after I climax! I will piss on the floor, if you don’t let me go.“ she said worried.

The boy told her that he would let her piss in the paper basket if she would promise to hold it next time longer and if she let her bladder get big and hard as melon.

The girl did agree, she would have promised all, just to be able to piss now.

It was so amazing, how much and how hard the girl pissed.

He did leave her wee in the bucket and he did leave the bucket in his room, after the girl went home.

He looked at the bucket, the imagination that she held all that large amount of wee in her bladder and to remember how powerful she pissed all that wee with high pressure in the bucket, made him hard and horny again.

He did leave the bucket with the girls wee in his room until next morning and did cum twice during the night in the bucket with her wee.

He could not wait to see her again and to fill the girls bladder much more and make her bladder hard and big as a bowling ball.

*005*2023-08-02 12:54

The boy could not stop to think about that gorgeous, pretty girl.

He think about her wonderful, young body.

If he close his eyes, he still see her lie in his bed, with crossed legs and with her bladder bulging out of her sexy belly.

He think about about the fantastic sex they had together and about how urgently and how bad she was needing to wee, during he fucked her.

He remembered at each word she said, especially that she told him that she was needing to wee since before noon.

The reality that she was needing to wee since before noon and that she was nevertheless able to hold it until 10 pm and that she was getting tortured so much from him and did not leak just one drop, turned him on very much.

The imagination that she did not wee only once from 7am until 10 pm, that she has no opportunity, no chance to go during her long shift, was very exciting and arousing for him.

The boy colleague did use a bucket, if he absolutely couldn’t bear up anymore, if he could endure it any longer, but the girl could not do that, she could not squat anywhere in front of the people, she had to hold it, no matter how bad it was and how full her bladder was.

The only way to pee, is to pee in her panties, but big girls don’t wet their panties!

The boy asked himself, with lust and horniness, how bad and how hard must it be for a girl, needing to wee very, very bad, but no way to go, to know being forced to hold it back for hours longer.

How bad must it be to feel how the urge gets stronger and how it gets more and more painful, but still have to suppress the urge, cross the legs and overfill the already very full bladder more and more.

He did not know exactly why, but girls full to burst and frantic to pee, are so very, very sexy for him.

The „icecreamgirl“ has not weed for 15 hours, last time, her bladder was very full and visible in her abdomen.

Her bladder was not very hard, it was more than a softball in and a little bit outside of her belly.

The boy was sure that she would be able to hold more and longer, her bladder could get bigger and could get much more hard, he thought.

It will be good if she don’t go to the toilet in the morning at our next date, she should not wee, she should hold it, she should come with her bladder full from the night and then she can show me how long and how much she can hold! Thought the boy.

