The Salon Incident

Author: hyperthunder

*000*2019-06-27 07:27

Hello all! I've been a long time lurker, but this is my first time writing something for this forum, so I hope you all enjoy it! Feel free to leave any feedback, as I would love to hear your thoughts :') Thank you!!

PART ONE

At 11:43 AM on a Tuesday morning, Sarah Wilson woke up feeling more refreshed than she had in ages. She honestly couldn’t remember the last time she had gotten a day off from work, so she was determined to make the most of her free day. After washing down her morning (technically afternoon) eggs and toast with a tall glass of orange juice, she quickly got dressed for the gym. She decided on a really cute teal sports bra that went well with her skin tight navy blue yoga pants. Sarah certainly couldn’t call herself a gym rat, but she knew that her hard work at the gym had been paying off because her ass looked fantastic in those yoga pants. She stopped to take a quick glance in the mirror as she was leaving the house and was horrified to see that her eyebrows looked more unkempt than usual. She made a mental note to get them done in the near future and then left her apartment in a rush, not realizing that she had forgotten to use the restroom before her workout.

Throughout her workout, Sarah kept drinking water to avoid getting dehydrated. She ended up having to refill her bottle twice because she was going through her water supply so quickly. When she had reached the gym, her bladder wasn’t really much of an issue because she knew that she had a strong bladder and that after she was done with her workout she could use the restroom in the women’s locker room. For a while, she was too in the zone to even think about her bladder, but after a few hours of working out, her desperation levels were getting intense and it was affecting her concentration, so she ended her gym session earlier than she usually did. As she hurried to the locker room, she could feel her already urgent need for relief continue to grow; all of the fluid from the past 20ish hours seemed to be hitting her bladder at once.

Still, she had faith in her iron bladder, which hadn’t failed her since she was in diapers. Sarah was forced to slow down because she had to press her thighs together to prevent leaking, which made the walk to the locker room feel like an endless hike. Finally, she turned a corner and was relieved to see the entrance to the locker room at the end of the hallway. Her body confused her relief for relaxation and Sarah’s eyes widened in horror as she felt her pants quickly grow warm. A wet patch the size of a golf ball was now visible, but only if you looked closely. She stopped for a minute to regain control of her body and then continued awkwardly waddling to the locker room, hands between her thighs.

When she reached the locker room, she couldn’t wait to get into a bathroom stall, but some higher power must have had other plans for her because there was already a huge line of women waiting to use the restroom as well. Sarah took her place at the end of the line and prayed that she would be able to make it to the front before she publicly humiliated herself.

TO BE CONTINUED!!

