The cabin in the woods!

Author: huberp76

*000*2023-01-21 23:38

A girl and a boy know each other from internet since some months.

They chatted about their intimate desires and sexual lust.

The girl was just a few months over 18, she was well bred and was from a good family, but she had a special kind of perverse lust, she always dreamed about to spend a night together with two boys, she wanted to lie with two boys in one bed and she wanted to have sex with two boys at once.

The boy had a friend who knew about the girl and her wishes and could not wait for to realize it together with his friend.

They scheduled to spend a weekend together in a cabin in the woods.

The two boys had furthermore except sex, the lust for girls desperate to wee.

They wanted to use this weekend to make the girl hold her wee for so long as possible and to fill her bladder to its absolutely limit.

For that reason rented the boy a little cottage. It was like a little village in the wood with more cabins to rent.

The boy did know very well that there would be no toilet inside, the toilet and the showers were for all cabins in an extra cottage.

Absolutely perfect for the boys purpose.

On the special day they picked the girl up in the morning.

In reality she was more pretty than at the screen. She had a cute face and a slim sexy body and how already mentioned, she was well bred and behaved to be a girl.

She was like a girl should be, trained to discipline and trained to control her bodily needs.

Girls have to wait until they get a natural opportunity until than they have to wait and to hold it, therefore she was bred.

She was a girl who would not ask for a toilet, not even if she would need one real urgently.

At that journey the boys went to the toilet at lunch, the girl did not go. They did not give her a really good chance and so she was waiting for a better opportunity.

She did not get one.

Late afternoon they came to a forest road, there was a closed gate where they had to stop.

Two cars were waiting in front of them. It did take a while until a man opened the gate until they could go on.

Just a little later they arrived at the village.

As soon as they stopped was a girl getting out from the car in front of them.

She was standing with her legs tight crossed and was looking around. The boys did know very well what for she was searching and they did know very well that she was needing a toilet for a much needed wee.

At the same moment as they wanted to get out of the car came a ranger and told them that they have to stay in their cars, because of dangerous animals.

The poor girl with the crossed legs had to go back in the car and the boys loved it that she was forced to hold it longer.

About a half hour later they were allowed to go in their cabins. The ranger told them that they should stay inside for safety until sunrise.

As soon as they entered the cabin the girl realized that there was no toilet inside. The boys did know that, they went out and pissed beside the door.

The girl with the crossed legs was also squatting beside the door at the neighbor cottage.

She was pissing like a cow, she must have been forced to hold it for extreme long and she must have been full to burst.

As the boys came back said one of the boys “ you have not been at the toilet all day long, don’t you not need to go?”

”Oh yes i would need to go very urgently, but i have to wait for safety until tomorrow after sunrise.” answered the girl.

” Can you do that, can you bear up for so long without a wee ?” asked one of the boys.

”I don’t know it and i don’t even want to think about it. There is no other way for me than to hold it, i have to endure that, but there will be another problem, you boys can’t fuck me with my bladder so full, i am sure that i would wet the bed.”

Sure that the boys wanted to have sex with the girl, but they loved that situation as well.

It was hot and arousing for them to lie in the bed with a girl who did not wee all day long, who was needing to go really bad, but was forced to hold it until morning.

They stripped their clothes until they were naked and laid in the bed.

The girls bladder was visible bulging out from her lower abdomen.

The boys could not resist to press and push on and in the girls belly, they could not resist to massage her firm bladder and to torture it.

”You two are real sadist, you know that i did not wee since early morning, you know that i am needing to go really bad and you press my bladder so hard to make my need worse.” said the girl.

”Oh yes, we love that!” they said and squeezed the girls breasts, pressed her bladder and pushed their fingers deep in the girls pussy.

The girl could always feel 4 large boy hands on and in her slim body. She moaned from lust and from needing to wee.

A little after midnight, they switched out the lights. They did lie like a sandwich, the girls slim body between the boys bodies hard and tight pressed together.

”Sleep well ! Tomorrow morning your bladder will be big as a melon and then we make your dream come true, then you will have sex with us two, but sure before you go to the toilet, before you wee, your bladder have to stay full.

*002*2023-01-23 10:21

{{19 hours ago, Frankfrankfran said:

Good story.

}}

Thank you.

