A new playmate for an old hobby

Author: Here4theFun

*000*2019-07-31 17:27

Warning: This chapter includes a reference to bullying in high school that involves omorashi.

CHAPTER 1

Ryu knew she had a bad habit, she understood normal people didn't do what she enjoyed but she couldn't help it. Every time she felt the urge to pee she ignored it and kept going until it became unbearable and she leaked a bit. It's not as if she had many friends who would notice her strange behavior or call her out on the loose clothes she always used for confort and to hide her distended bladder anyway. Yet she yearned for more, more strength, more endurance, more capacity. By the middle of the semester she had lost track on how many times she had found herself in class crossing her legs and wishing she had not forgotten her morning pee.

She guessed it came from her time in high school. She had never been popular, her sickly pale skin and wild black hair did not contribute at all, neither did her bonny and skinny constitution. So because all the pretty mean girls saw the bathroom as a safe heaven she learned to avoid it like the plague, going full school days without stepping on it. Of course the kink if she dared to call it so had begun a Tuesday where one of those girls had noticed her squirming and decided that she and her goons would do anything in their power to stop her from going to the bathroom, as if she wasn't trying to do that herself. Somehow that memory had a weird warmth to it, it had been uncomfortable and cold sweat had formed in her back as she took notice of the girls blocking the exits at the end of class, one even decided to ad to her torture and buy her a cold can of tea that Ryu sipped frightfully hoping that somehow it fit in her already brimming full bladder.

That last class had been torture, as she sat there legs crossed as hard as she could and a hand forgetting all about decorum as she pressed it against her pee hole with her skirt. She had rocked back and forth as the girls giggled and she had never felt hornier. Just the thought of loosing control in front of everyone and being teased for it made her pussy tingle with want, she was so tempted! In the end she had come on top and the girls lost intrest as she stood up and gathered her things as if she didn't have the bladder stuffed to full capacity and two minutes away from fully loosing control. She ended up peeing herself on the way home and then arriving to her thank fully empty house where she proceeded to rub herself raw trough her very soaked panties.

Because history tends to repeat itself that spring day she had found herself in her third class of the afternoon struggling to keep the pee in and dutifully taking notes. She had of course noticed someone looking at her, he always looked away shyly when she caught him staring but those warm brown eyes always came back after a minute. If she remembered correctly his name was Leo, another fifth row enthusiast like her, although he was mostly surrounded with friends while on her end she only had her backpack for company. That in itself presented a problem, because as much as she would have liked to just wet herself in front of everyone in reality she couldn't even bring herself to hold herdelf with her hand, and all because Leo was watching her with a pleasant smile. Ryu was shy at heart and now that a cute guy was watching her she didn't want to ruin it just because her pesky bladder couldn't hold a few hours of pee.

When the class ended she took her time gathering her papers reasoning that if she was going to the bathroom before it was time she better enjoy it a bit more. That way she wouldn't wet herself in her last class and hopefully avoid Leo from noticing anything was wrong. Yet it seemed the boy in question wasn't in a all for the plan, as when Ryu lifter her head he was there waiting for her and smiling.

Looking at that smile she knew she was doomed.

*005*2019-08-02 00:21

CHAPTER 2

"Hey Ryu, right? "

"Yeah that's me "

"Well I've been the whole class thinking about how to ask, but would you like to have a coffee with me right now?"

"Yeah sure... Although I still have a class left for the day" She answered as her bladder groaned in discomfort.

"Yeah we have the same one, don't worry"

"Okay then lead the way"

Ryu hoped that she could make a quick escape after the promised beverage to the bathroom before class. Fate would not have it though. The conversation was pleasant, both of them finding they had more in common than expected, yet it was punctuated by her unconscious shivers and squirming. Time flew as her low waisted jeans dug into her bladder as the coffee flowed directly into it, making her almost moan of desire to let go. And suddenly both of them were jostled by the bell ringing to signify the end of the break, so much that a little spurt wet her white panties, sparing her jeans for now.

The bathroom lay forgotten as both of them continued talking on their way back and even sat together for their last class. Who knew Leo could be so interesting as to make her forget her aching need, or maybe it was the well defined muscles of his arms you could see thanks to his flattering shirt. All in all she welcomed the change and began taking notes, secretly wondering if he knew what she was hiding.

She absentmindedly took notes while she fantasized about different scenarios. Would he encourage her to keep going with her hold? Or if she just opened her legs and emptied herself right besides him, would he humiliate her or be a gentleman about it? She had to bite her pen to stifle a moan, a big cramp had come out of nowhere as she felt her even more soaked panties against her pussy. She didn't know what turned her on more.

Leo had been giving her concerned glances more frequent as time progressed, her heavy breathing and rocking had increased exponentially as she felt the gates struggling to stay closed a second more. There was no hiding it.

"Ryu are you all right, you look flushed and nervous"

"Leo, to be truthful I need to pee. I need to pee real bad. Very very bad." She confesed.

"There is still half an hour of class do you think you will be able to hold for that long?"

"I don't know"

"Wait, how long have you been holding?"

"I don't know, since this morning?"

"What do you mean?" He asked in disbelief.

"I kind of forgot to have my morning pee and then I was too busy"

"So you simply forgot, and then conveniently kept forgetting trough the day till you got to this state, right?"

"You got me there..."

"It's okay, we will think of something"

"Thanks!" Ryu whispered forcibly as she hid her face with the table, having forgoing in taking any kind of notes since she needed both hands to keep herself from wetting her jeans. An ill timed contraction choosing that moment to appear making her bang her forehead against the table and her mouth let a whiny whimper.

"Ryu! Is there anything I can do to help?" he gently asked as he put her big hand in her protruding bladder. "Oh! It's as if you were pregnant!"

"Leo really.."

"And it's very firm too" He exclaimed in hushed surprise as he pressed.

"No don't!" She tried, too late, because as her hand pried his the increment on pressure made her clamped shut walls give way. A dark spot appeared between her legs, not very noticeable thankfully. Except Leo had noticed and he looked too amused for Ryu's own good.

When the class ended everyone exited fast, that being the last class of the day and also Friday made them almost alone in a matter of seconds. The only problem being that Ryu doubted that she could hold her pee in if she got up and had to wait in line, which meant Leo went on a reconoisance mission, and she could swear the bathroom was not as far as it was for him to have taken so long. He probably walked the asshole, she cursed as he also informed her there was a big queue and offered to drive her home if she could hold it in long enough.

The only problem being that she knew she couldn't, once she stood up there would be no hope for her poor bladder to contain 17 hours worth of pee. Thankfully Leo came up with a rather imaginative solution.

"Okay Ryu, I have an idea but you may not like it" He hesitated rummaging in his bag.

"Out with it, fast or I won't leave dry!"

"Well you see I have a nearly full bottle in my bag and I know for sure the dean won't come any time soon... So if you can drink it the you can fill it up and that may buy you some time?"

"God no! I hate you!... Please give me the bottle..."

She glupped the damn thing whole without breathing and then realised Leo would see her bare and worse filling his own bottle with her pee. He would see her in all her dirty glory and she would rub where his mouth had been hours before in her pussy. Now she was horny.

Still there was no place for shyness there or else the whole faculty would see her wet jeans, and that she could not live down. So Ryu stood up got her jeans and panties to her ankles in a swift movement and opened her legs wide spreading her puffy labia and placed the 350ml bottle in her urethra making accidental contact with her sensitive clit.

She had ordered Leo to keep watch but he had disregarded it and was looking intently at her actions. Her pride made her unable to back down so she looked right into his eyes and began peeing as a loud moan of relief escaped her parted lips. If she could get away with rubbing her clit then she knew she would cum in seconds.

Not soon after beginning Leo was telling her to stop.

"No, I can't please..." the girl protested weakly.

"I sorry Ryu, but you have filled it up, if you keep going you will make a mess."

"Fuuck, I... I can't stop... Damit, there is still too much of it inside me!"

As soon as her stream stopped Leo whisked the bottle away, closed it and threw it in the trash. She was still presenting her pussy in full display as he urged her to put her already wet panties on to try and dry her dripping pussy. He helped her up and guided her to his car.

That is when she felt her bladder getting filled again but weaker than before.

She had been tricked, and if the stiff hard on you could somehow notice trough Leo's dark jeans was something to go by the fun would be prolonged.

Maybe she could give him another show...

*008*2019-08-10 23:02

Warning! :Explicit descriptions of a sexual act.

CHAPTER 3

Ryu felt uncomfortably aware of how full her bladder was as the seat belt dug insistently in her protruding bladder. She had crossed her legs and asked Leo to hurry up while giving him weak directions to her little apartment, but again fate wasn't on her side as both of them found themselves on a pickle. The only lane available advanced at a snails pace, not having any side street to leave the retention caused by construction a few blocks over. She couldn't believe this, her bladder was full again as she squirmed in her seat breathing in huffs. Her now cold wet panties reminded her of her need and what needed to be done to aliviate it.

'You don't have another bottle, or can or anything, do you?' The black haired girl asked nervous.

'No, but if you pee yourself in my car you are paying the cleaning service'

'I won't, I can hold it!'

'For your face I doubt it' He pointed out grimacing.

'Do you think that if I pee in the street...'

'You could do that, if you don't mind people seeing you and the fine you will get'

'Fuck fuck fuck! My apartment..'

'Ten or so minutes away by car, you won't make it walking. Can you even walk?'

'I don't know but Im so full! I can't think!'

'Concentrate on holding it in, do whatever you need, we will be out of here soon. Fifteen minutes okay?'

'Ok..ay' She managed to say almost tearing up.

She tried to hold herself trough her jeans, but the wet spot made her want to go even more, so she just went for it and shoved her right hand inside and pressed hard into her pee hole. It's not as if she had any honor to protect after presenting herself like she did minutes before to Leo anyway.

Minutes dragged in slow motion as if to spite her, she pressed and rocked back and forth, the only relief she felt was thinking Leo must be feeling something similar to her but relief was probably further away for him. Ryu felt somewhat accomplished, finding a silver lining to her missery, because before today she could only dream on getting to know a cute guy and now Leo was driving her home clearly very turned on by the situation. Thinking about that was making her hornier and well, having her hand pressing against her pussy was not helping, still Leo had said that she should do whatever was needed, did he not? And if she had to suffer why not bring Leo down to her level?

'Leo how far?! I need to pee! ' She insisted adding a genuine moan for effect as her fingers rubbed her clit carefully.

'Not very, two minutes max.' He looked a bit bothered by the tone and the vision.

Those two minutes she employed in making it as hard for him as it was being for her, letting out unabashed moans and breathing hard.

He parked somehow, the thought of ravishing her on the spot being quenched by the thought of her peeing herself in his car. Which he did find incredibly hot more so because they would remember every time they got into his car, but cleaning it would sure as hell be a pain.

Leo being the gentleman that he was helped her out and took her bag, finding the door to the complex open and making their journey much easier.

The elevator ride on the other hand was hellish. She was there, back bowed and her big bladder protesting every second, hand pressing her pee hole as hard as she could while Leo rubbed her back and tried to reassure her. Five stories later the doors opened and they exited to her floor, her door just a few steps away.

Just in front of it she noticed a grave error, her keys were nowhere to be found. Leo had her bag slung against his shoulder and she was pretty sure she had put them somewhere inside. Of course as these things go she did not remember exactly why and the urge to empty herself made her frantic. She was acting by instinct, completely desperate, in that moment the only thing she knew was that she needed to find her keys, and for that she needed her two hands. The problem was that one was keeping the flood away by pressing on her urethra, the only solution she could find was something else pressing on it.

Ryu took Leo's right hand and put it inside her jeans and wet panties.

'Need the keys, press there!'

Of course Ryu had not exactly explained to Leo what he needed to press, and as a guy, well, he did not exactly know what to do besides the usual. And didn't that seem like a bit of fun, after all this had gone faster than planned and he had had enough of her previous tesing.

So she found herself giving out a strangled moan and gripping her bag for dear life as Leo rubbed her engorged clit. She forced herself to keep looking trying to put aside her obvious need and the fact Leo was murmuring things like 'Wow you are so wet!' or 'Damn I did not realize you peed yourself earlier'. She answered with little 'Hmm' and hitched breaths. That is untill he said:

'Maybe a finger inside would help you hold better'

She couldn't help emitting a weak 'Okay' and cursing the strange chain of events that lead to her being fingered in front of her apartment door her bladder threatening to explode any second.

Two fingers in and a moaning mess later she was there, finally with her keys in hand, trying and failing to open the god damn door.

She was such a disaster, the keys cluttered to the floor as everything she could do was grip Leo's shoulders and try to hide her face in his neck it did not muffle her moans whatsoever .

Leo did take pity on her and opened the door after a few tries and disengaged for a few moments to get themselves inside, favoring the privacy and the fact that it would be super awkward if he ever came back and they were found out.

They did not get far though, Ryu slumped against the door arching her back as Leo reached deep inside her.

The feeling of finally getting home after a long desperate day, coupled with the pleasure Leo was giving her made her finally lose it. She was absolutely full to the brim in both ways and she could not reign it in anymore.

Ryu let out a final moan, loud enough to alert the neighbors of her impeding orgasm, looking intently into Leo's eyes. Her legs were open and shaking with the aftershock and Leo's gentle fingers keeping their assault but softer, easing the passing of the spike of pleasure.

She couldn't even think about it as her bladder lost the game and let everything out wetting Leo's hand, her panties, her jeans and even her tennis shoes finally making a puddle on the floor. The girl allowed herself to be part of a one armed hug probably more out of need for her not to slide down to the wet floor that out of affection. Still Ryu was boneless and right then right now the only thing she could think about is how good it felt to be finally empty, pressure gone everything gone. She felt utterly relaxed, absolutely blissed out. Hopefully they could do this again in the future...

(It's pretty long but I hope you guys like it!)

*012*2019-09-08 14:49

CHAPTER 4

The next day Ryu made sure to pee in the morning and after lunch, she would have another three classes with Leo that afternoon and who knew what he had in store for her. The previous day's events still fresh in her mind when she chose to wear a more put out look with a flowery short dress and some cute lace panties.

As predicted Leo sat nonchalantly next to her a few minutes before class and asked how she was doing, Ryu had to fight a blush but she said that fine, she remembered to pee this time.

"Too bad, I even thought of a little game we could play. If you are interested, of course..." He whispered, voice filled with mischief.

"Allright, but if I win whatever game this is you have to buy me dinner." She accepted feeling bold.

" Good! Well my idea is drink whatever I tell you for five hours, if you make it dry I'll get you some fancy stuff, if not you'll do something for me. Deal?"

" Deal!"

He got a big thermo out of his bag and gave it to her, she would have to finish the tea before the class ended. Next class he gave her a coke, and for the final one that big thermo filled with cold water. If she did her numbers right inside of her were probably 1300ml, perhaps she had overestimated herself as she dreaded the two hours she had left.

Leo drove them to an are filled with coffee shops and a big park. Then he suggested a place to have so milkshakes and smiled wider when he saw her cross her legs wile she bit her lip. That made him order two tall milkshakes.

To Ryu's surprise time passed quickly, an hour and a milkshake later both of them had enjoyed a nice and deep conversation getting to know one another more. Of course once he paid the bill and suggested a walk to the park her need returned full force.

He took her hand and lead her trough a deserted part of the park, she was thankful no one else could se her wobbling and trembling. They kept talking but Ryu knew she was at her limit there was no way she would last another forty minutes. More so because the frequency of her having to stop walking and hold herself increased.

Suddenly on of her feet landed wrong and she stumbled, the feeling of all that liquid pushed by the force of gravity overcame her and she could not help but feel a spurt of pee exit her pee hole. Ryu trembled and held her breath managing to regain control and close the damn. The damage was already done though.

"Ryu I think I win."

"No, I haven't pissed myself just yet. I can last forty minutes!"

"We both know that is a lie. The deal was you have to keep your panties dry, and by the pee trickling down your leg I don't think they are dry at all."

"They are.. The-ey are" The girl tried to assure feeling her bladder filled to the brimm pushing for relief.

"Show me then."

Ryu lifter her dress to reveal her damp red panties, darker on the bottom and tight against her protruding bladder. Leo was overwhelmed by the sight, he couldn't help himself as he reached out to caress her usual skinny belly now protuding very bloated and hard to the touch and letting his hand fall to caress the dampness in Ryu's sex.

"I win. And I want three things, first I want to keep your panties, second I want you to pee where and how I tell you now and third I want to do something like this again. Do you agree?"

"Yes, just let me pee!"

Leo led her near a big wall made of bushes which was were she could finally let go. He took her wet panties of her and instructed her to pee how she had done the previous day with the bottle.

She squatted and held the end of her dress with her mouth to avoid staining it, then she opened her legs wide, exposing her wet pussy. As her hands separated her labia she noticed the big hole on the bushes. There were people walking on the other side, the hole not going past their tights, if someone droppedsomething she would be totally exposed. The trill of being seen lit her sex on fire.

She gazed acusingly at Leo, but the position and her desperate need didn't give her another option than peeing right there all her holes in full view as she moaned in orgasmic relief.

*016*2019-09-14 02:28

WARNING: This chapter will feature a explicit description of a sexual act

Chapter 5

After the whole ordeal a week ago Leo had been surprisingly nice and not made any more advances, which of course made Ryu believe he was planning something.

They had exanged phone numbers and the worst he had done was tease her a bit, yet it wasn't unexpected when on Saturday morning he sent her an invitation to get dinner. She didn't want to look at the teeth of the gifted horse but realistically she knew there would be conditions.

Of course there were, she was ordered to drink at least a glass of something each hour and pee as often as she felt desperate. Ryu was to wear something nice and expect to give him her panties as soon as he picked her up. And how could she deny such a request, free dinner and free ride in exange of a pair of panties and some pee related fun!

She decide to wear a teal sateen dress that cut high into her tights, showed her back, with a snug fit and a V neckline, coupled with some sandal high heels and the tinyest nearly seethrough thong she could find. Finishing everything with a touch of make up. Every time she went to the bathroom she thought of Leo, coupled by the fact that this was going to be her first proper date, well, safe to say she was beyond excited for tonight.

Leo rung the door at 8 and he was welcomed in with a kiss, she flushed when he reminded her to pee before leaving, as in her eagerness she had completely forgotten her bladder was mostly full.

Ryu felt bold and seductive today, so she decided that some payback was due. When she finished peeing she didn't wipe and just let her panties soak it up, it was a bit risky, still it's not as if she was going to be wearing them. They headed out after that, and in the elevator Ryu decided that was as good time as any, so she took her panties down, put them in Leo's slacks pocket and gave him a deep kiss. The big hand groping her below her dress shouldn't have turned her on as much as it did.

Leo lead them to his car, where the copilot seat had some towels draped over, that earned him a raised eyebrow at which he just shrugged and said " for safety". In response she took a water bottle he had, and drank half of it.

"Ohh, I see someone is feeling naughty today. I must warn you though, once we reach the restaurant bathrooms are going to be forbidden."

" I think I can hold it that long." Was the cheeky answer she gave.

The place was a nice french restaurant in a quiet neighborhood. One and a half cups of wine in and Ryu wasn't so sure her earlier statement was true anymore. She felt very full and exposed, her legs crossed tightly, aware that even if only a spurt went out there was nothing between her and her nice dress, everyone would be able to tell. At first she didn't put two and two together, but after finishing her second glass it dawned on her.

Leo had tricked her again, drink often and pee often meant that her kidneys were used to produce a lot of urin, meaning she would fill out fast. She debated with going to the bathroom and ignoring Leo's wishes, gracing a couple of time longley on its direction, in the end deciding against it.

" So you have finally figured it out... How are you feeling?"

" I'm a bit full but fine." She lied.

"I don't believe you one bit, you really need to go, don't you?"

"Yeah.."

"Well skip desert and I'll ask for the bill then."

That made her hopeful, she would make it out dry, she was sure!

Leo paid the bill and when she thought she was free he said.

"Just stay there a minute, I'm going to the loo."

She couldnt believe he would be so cruel, her bladder protesting uncomfortably against the injustice.

They walked alone to the car trough the quiet streets, cold wind hitting her pussy and teasing her while she clutched Leo's arm to walk steady. The five minute walk had been filled with ignored pleas for relief until they went into an alleyway. Leo lead her to a space obscured by a big trash container and kissed her deeply. He pushed her dress up revealing her pussy and caressed her noticeable bulging bladder that the dress did nothing to hide. They resumed kissing, Ryu taking to lifting the dress with one hand and rubbing Leo's hard dick trough his pants while he kept rubbing her stretched belly. He was truly fascinated by how big she could become, hoping to help her make it even bigger. Venturing downwards it was obvious she was very excited as her pussy was practically dripping. That would come later he promised.

" Ryu you can pee here, but you gotta stop when I finish counting to twelve Allright?" he whispered biting her ear.

" Yes!"

"One.." He said finally doing what he had longed to do all evening and pushed into her bladder.

Ryu let a powefull stream out, feeling the pressure Leo was submitting her to and dreading it as the number increased. Crying out loud when he finished and her stream became mere drops and trickles, hel bladder still half full.

Deciding to surprise Leo she unbotoned his slacks and took his erect member out, it was clear he was quite close. She wanted it inside of her, judging by the size she was sure it would be a tight fit, filling her to the brim. Still the place was not the ideal, so instead she decanted herself for rubbing it against her wet slit and stroking it with the other hand, enjoying the little moans they were both letting out, especially when it rubbed against her clit and her opening, pee making the process slick.

It culminated in a deep kiss that drowned Leo's moan while he came in her entrance, after riding it out putting two fingers into her and pushing his cum deep inside of her. She needed to either pee or cum so badly, but Leo cleaned both of them up and promised to help her out after having some drinks.

In the car she felt her bladder being filled and Leo's cum trickling down of her into the towel.

*019*2019-10-16 11:41

CHAPTER 6

WARNING : this chapter contains explicit sexual content.

When they arrived at the nightclub she was half full again and a bit tipsy. Leo ordered both of them some drinks and led her to the dance floor. They were having fun and Ryu couldn't help but rub herself suggestively against her companion, the more she drank the more she did until she finished her second cocktail and led Leo to a dark corner where she proceded to kiss him deeply. Ryu felt woozy but very turned on, she ignored her trembling legs and obviously full bladder in favor of kissing Leo's neck.

"Leo, I like you a lot."

"I like you too." He said noticing her slurred speech.

"I like doing these things with you, you turn me on so much. See how wet you make me?" She insisted guiding his hand under her dress.

It was incredibly wet, she was letting little shudders and lightly humping his hand when it happened. A sudden hot steam of pee hit his hand. Looking down he noticed a little puddle forming, indicating she must have leaked at least once before. It was obviously time to go.

"Ryu I think we need to go, otherwise you'll make a mess. Come on I'll drive you home and you can pee there."

"Okay, but first... First I want you to agree."

"Agree to what?"

"To be my boyfriend."

"Yes, I agree."

In the car she lifted her dress and sat in the towel, the safety belt was pressing in Ryu's bladder too much which provoked the spurts she let out into the towel. She wanted to make it home at least with most of the pee inside.

Getting to her doorstep was brutal, she leaked a big one in the street and had to cross her legs an press shut her peephole on the lift. Getting inside she took her dress off and lead Leo to the bathroom, entering in the shower and peeing herself while holding Leo's hand. She wanted him to see how naughty she could be as her extremely bulging bladder deflated little by little. Not wanting the fun to end she only peed arround half the contents of her bladder which took incredible effort and restrain.

Her heels were soaked with pee and later with the water she sprayd herself with, so much that Leo had to help her out in case she fell.

"You promised you would make me cum when we got home." She whispered in his ear rubbing his hard member trough his pants.

That made Leo take a towel and bring her to her bed, throwing her over the towel before undressing to his briefs and taking her heels OFF in record time.

" Are you going to fuck me? My pussy is so wet for you.."

"No darling, you are too drunk for that, but don't worry I'm going to make you cum until you can't think anymore."

He buried his head between her legs kissing her tights, licking her entrance, suctioning her clit. The obvious tang of pee could be tasted but that wasn't anything that would stop Leo. Ryu fisted his hair and moved rithmicaly as she moaned loudly, she had never done this before but she was in heaven.

She reached her climax when Leo put his fingers in and lapped at he clit, letting out a scream and a strong but short stream of pee. It was obvious she had not emptied herself fully to him. Her head could only focus on the fingers still inside of her now and the mouth still kissing her tights and outer labia. She knew that as blissed as she felt Leo would keep his promise, but also that she would probably pee herself in the next orgasm. Ryu guided Leo's free had to her tummy and her still pretty full bladder, as soon as he noticed he pressed hard.

After a bit Leo increased his fingers pace and with a little help managed to curl them just right to hit that marvelous spot, going back to licking and sucking her clit. She was moaning even louder and anouncing she was going to pee again and again when her second orgasm approached.

If the first on was a gradual ascend this one was a trainwreck, Ryu arched her back and completely lost it to the pressure in her tired bladder coupled with this never ending pleasure. She was in bliss and peeing all over her new boyfriend, but Leo wasn't stopping. His fingers kept the same pace and his tongue tasted gladly her pee as he kept licking.

Ryu felt as if she had lost her head, fingers curled inside hitting that spot so fast and so good while Leo mouthed her over sensitive clit with passion. She couldn't think at all only moaning as her legs trembled violently and she trashed, feeling the soaked towel in her bum and back. This was ectasy.

She was done for as her third orgasm hit her full force, letting out a primal moan as she squirted full force again. Big fingers undoing her from inside.

*021*2019-12-11 13:40

CHAPTER 7

When Ryu got out of bed she felt quite full and surprisingly hungry. Her head was a little woozy from the night before, so she decided to get dressed and make a quick trip to the supermarket three streets away. She put a normal T-shirt and comfortable jeans as well as some sport shoes before grabbing her wallet and her keys, after which she proceeded to take the lift.

Walking, she could feel the contents of her bladder swirl with every step, maybe she should have peed before leaving, she reproached herself. Even more when she noticed the closed supermarket as her bladder protested, having grown enough to be pressing against her jeans. Ryu though was determined, she was already out so instead of giving up she decided to go to another supermarket ten minutes away.

She made it dry and managed to find everything she needed for the weekend. Of course the universe was set on torturing her, as she nearly bumped with one of her closest aquitances from high school. Who after a short chat insisted on having breakfast with her and catching up.

Ryu wouldn't lie, it was a nice conversation, and she felt good after bragging a bit about her achievements and her boyfriend, the later something the other girl probably wasn't expecting. The problem was that her bladder was too full for comfort as it was squished mercilessly by her jeans and kept on filling with the coffee she had almost finished. She was beginning to lose feelings of her legs as they were so tightly closed not to let anything out.

When their breakfast was finished and cold sweat was pooling on the back of Ryu's neck the other girl announced she was late for something and was off quite quickly.

Getting up was very difficult more so walking straight to the inside of the local as her bladder begged her to bow down and release the pressure. Finding the toilet door closed was not funny at all, even less focusing enough to read the little out of order sign. At that moment she could have burst out crying because she knew she wouldn't make it. Damn her and her overconfidence!

She took her bags and left, preffering to navigate the alleys while calling Leo.

'Leo I need your help!'

'Why, what's the matter?'

'I'm gonna lose it soon! I need to pee!'

'Are you trying to turn me on, because if so keep going'

'No, I'm trying to get home, but I won't make it!

I need help please, my bladder is about to explode. Cant keep walking!'

'I'll come get you and bring dry pants then. Send me your location. And remember if you pee yourself you owe me one!'

' Come soon' she begged.

Her bladder was as hard as rock, and she was unable to walk straight any longer, still she persisted until she was in an alley that lead to a quiet street. Hopefully Leo would bring his car quickly and get her home.

The waves of desperation increased exponentially, and she found herself unable to stay on the look out any longer and risk a public accident. Instead she decided to huddle behind a big dumpster and crouch there both hands holding herself, this brought back yesterday's memories and increased even more her need to pee. Rocking back and forth she struggled to open the message that would be her damnation :

'Be there in 10!' it read.

Realistically Ryu knew she wouldn't make it, but she hoped her bladder would be strong enough and somehow Leo would be able to arrive faster. Three minutes in a big spurt had wet her panties and dampened her fingers, not even a minute later a big leak escaped her tightly shut pee hole and wet her jeans crotch dark blue. Eyes closed as she felt another wave of desperation come for her tired bladder. Trembling fingers undid her jeans button and jammed themselves into her dripping panties trying desperately to close her pee hole to no avail. Another big leak got trough and extended the wetted further to her tights and knees. The worst was this did nothing to alleviate the pressure her poor bladder was subjected to, still full to the brim and stretched to its limit.

A honk rang down the street and hoping fo the best she got up and took one bag in each hand prepared for Leo's car to show itself any second. To her disappointment a green car drove trough the street instead, and with no hand available she had to bend down withstanding the incredible pressure her bladder was subjected to. Legs trembling she closed her eyes to try to summon whatever strength she had left, to no avail. Before she could resume her position a spasm hit her followed by many more and soon a splattering in hitting the ground could be heard as warm pee rushed down her legs to wet her jeans, her socks and her shoes forming a big puddle beneath. As much as she tried she couldn't stop peeing herself only managing to hide again behind the dumpster as her bladder emptied itself.

By the time Leo arrived with a fresh pair of gym pants and one pair of panties she had given him previously, Ryu had already succumbed a second time, making her jeans dark and heavy with pee.

Thankfully Leo was very well-behaved, making no comments, cooking her lunch and cuddling with her to watch a film. Giving her a peck on the lips every time she got up on her frequent visits to the toilet.

She felt quite embarrassed about the whole ordeal, after all, all the other times she peed herself on the street was because of games and challenges she and Leo were partaking in, never a genuine accident. Her brain vaguely promised she wouldn't go out desperate again, but who was she kidding. The fullness and the adrenalin felt too good to abandon even less now that she had a partner to torment her.

*024*2021-02-09 23:25

CHAPTER 8

A week later Leo had been surprisingly well-behaved, even more after their first time on Wednesday. But with him that could not last. Soon enough she received a message telling her to come to his house and have some fun. She of course accepted, and was immediately sent a request for her to drink two glasses of coke. Those two glasses were now resting comfortably on her bladder as the bus to Leo's house did its job. It was a tight fit, her pussy feeling stuffed and stretched when he bottomed out. Her heavy bladder being pressed from inside and subjected to the jolts of riding Leo made her need to pee almost unbearable, yet she felt in ecstasy, never had she felt so full.

Little moans escaped her as the slow rise and fall from her body continued helped by Leo's hands on her hips. Truth be told the gentleness and slow drag of Leo's cock against her dripping pussy was killing her. Soon enough she found herself pleading out of breath. 'I need more, please... Ah... Please… I need…'

'You want me to fuck you silly Ryu? Hard and fast till you can't think of anything but my cock?'

'Yes, yes! Please!' Ryu begged breathless. 'Then let's change position darling.' She felt empty when Leo took his dick out but quickly had to hold herself as her pee tried to escape her tightly shut pee hole.

Leo helped her up and walked her to a robust desk he had devoid of anything as she wobbled there reminiscent of a pregnant woman in gait and in belly size. Soon she was directed to lie with his torso face down in the desk butt sticking into the air. Her whole bladder was getting pushed against the desk and a little spurt escaped her not being able to deal with the added pressure, the only thing she could do was moan legs trembling. With each thrust her over filled bladder hit the table edge and pressed itself impossibly against it Soon enough Leo was entering her again slowly, making her feel every inch as it disappeared inside her.

He then guided her to lift her upper body from the table making her big bladder press even more against it, as Leo began to thrust and to play and lightly pinch her boobs. With each thrust her over filled bladder hit the table edge and pressed itself impossibly against it, her partner giving her no respite. Leaning down to whisper about what such a good girl she was, and dragging his teeth against her neck, in the process pushing some of his weight onto Ryu.

The pace kept getting faster and faster, so much that Ryu was in her tip toes to alleviate the pressure and hoping to get Leo deeper inside, having been unable to keep her upper body up arms giving out of sheer pleasure. She was a moaning mess with no vocabulary outside of 'yes', 'more' and 'harder' as her legs trembled and her mind emptied itself. Ryu knew she would probably have bruises on her hip bones the next day, and yet she couldn't help herself but stick her butt out asking for more. Ryu was at the edge, but she had always been greedy. 'Harder please! Pleaaasee!' She demanded feeling her orgasm approach. And then Leo did it. He hooked one arm under her pressing on her impossibly full bladder and lifted her up, burying himself even deeper than before.

As she felt all her weight now resting on her bloated and hard bladder and Leo pounding into her faster and deeper, she couldn't hold it in, Leo's other hand occupied itself with rubbing her clit and she was lost. Pee spurred out of her as her orgasm enveloped her, nearly making her eyes roll into her head. Falling boneless into the table as Leo kept massaging her bladder. He maintained the brutal rithm and gave a few more thrusts, giving her a little dose of overstimulation before finishing inside her as pee was still gushing out in a little stream.

(It's been a year but this is the last thing I had written for this story. Thanks for reminding me Musashi!)

