Playing at the Theatre

Author: holdit247

*000*2018-06-01 23:07

"Don't forget we have theatre tickets tonight darling" my wife called to me as we both got ready for work that morning.

"Ha, I had completely forgotten," I laughed. "I may have to meet you there straight from work. What are you planning to wear?"

As I struggled to get a sock on she described a light but smart summery chiffon A-line dress that apparently hung just above her knee. I only remember because her next comment got my full attention: "Shall we play tonight dear?" she had asked.

To us, 'playing' meant her getting catastrophically desperate to pee and then holding it for way longer than nature intended. There was as much fun to be had in planning scenarios together as in her subsequently going through with them. This was one I'd never even thought of, though I asked whether she was thinking along similar lines to our many play dates at cinemas over the years.

"What, drinking a couple of pints of water two hours before the curtain goes up? No, that's lame; not challenging enough," was her reply. I made a mental note to book a VERY long film next time we played at the cinema. But what was she planning for tonight? She continued "I want you to do that darling, so we can play together. But I've got something tougher in mind for myself." She didn't let me get a word in to object before explaining "I haven't genuinely worried whether I'll make it home dry for ages, all our play and my practising has strengthened my muscles and increased my capacity a lot. I want to be worrying about it, then I'll enjoy it more."

"So what do you have in mind?" I'd got both socks on at last and stood in my underwear staring at her.

"Do you want to know or do you want a surprise?" She knew I'd want to know and my expression assured her she knew me as well as she thought she did. "You drink 2 pints of water in the car on your way to the theatre, so, what, 1 hour before the curtain goes up. Bring casuals to change into so that you're not holding in your suit. I'll drink mine earlier than usual and whatsapp you when I've done it. Until then, it's a surprise for you." She had siddled over to my side of the bed and was hugging me, looking into my eyes. Now she fondled my through my underwear. In a teasing voice she asked "Will the suspense get you hard? Might you get a bit of precum on those undies? If you do, message me!" with that she let go of me and returned to dressing herself.

We arranged to meet at the theatre at roughly the time I thought I could get there from work, in time for a pleasurable drink before the performance. She would get the bus to town then walk to the theatre to meet me, so that I could drive her home while she concentrated on not peeing.

###

I work as a consultant in a mid-sized firm, with my job making me travel fairly frequently. Today I only had one meeting out of the office, late afternoon in a nearby big town. I was always nervous about holding in public - I knew I couldn't manage to last through most of the challenges I set Imogen - so while driving to work I decided that being out of the office would be a perfect excuse to dehydrate myself during the afternoon, so that the 2 pints I had to drink would take longer to bother me. With that resolved, I was able to settle at my desk, though I couldn't concentrate as I was constantly wondering what time Imogen would start her 2 pints.

When playing at the cinema, she tended to pee then drink 2 hours before the advertised show time, so she'd consumed it all at least 90 minutes before the adverts started, and with an average length of film and the drive home afterwards, she'd have to wait at least 4 and a half hours after peeing. She tended to be feeling a semi-strong need to pee before the adverts started. Recently she'd started buying those big fizzy drinks in cinemas to 'keep herself topped up' as she put it. God I love her.

With the show we were going to see tonight starting at 7:30, and her desire to make it more challenging for herself, she'd obviously pee and drink the water earlier; I tried to guess her thinking: maybe she'd start at 4:30, before she finished work and so be finished by 5pm. Most likely that would see her holding for a bit over 6 hours which would be a sight to behold once she could fidget freely in the car on the way home.

She was right as usual, of course. All those thoughts had got me semi-hard and leaking a little pre-cum, I was so turned on already. I must have gone through the same chain of thoughts at least 25 times that day, arriving at the same conclusion every time. So much so that I was convinced that was what she would do. You can guess the effect it was having on me (and my productivity, don't tell my boss!)

I drank less than usual all day, and after my meeting the other side of town made sure to have a barely-needed wee, then bought the water at a shop on the business park to drink while I drove to the theatre. I hadn't had Imogen's whatsapp yet, which frustrated me. She should have had the water at least an hour before me just to match her usual cinema 'play'. Before starting the car I sent her an inquisitive, almost disappointed message and she replied instantly, far too quickly with hindsight. It read 'Sorry, forgot to tell you. What an idiot! I'm all done, see you soon, love you Ix' She knew I liked the detail, and she equally knew that the lack of it in that message would annoy me. I fired back 'So, when did you drink?' the lack of a kiss at the end would get my state of mind across.

She replied 'Earlier. Tell you when I see you Ix'

I couldn't stop myself replying 'I've been thinking about you all day, tell me!' but she didn't reply until I'd started driving so I couldn't read it until I parked at the theatre. She'd written 'It's going to be good, trust me Ix'.

I found her at a table in the bar, wearing the dress she'd described and looking gorgeous, as always. She rose to greet me and kissed me passionately, knowing I'd lose the mood instantly seeing her legs on show and with a nice kiss. I asked her to get me a soft drink from the bar while I went to the gents to change out of my suit, which I'd also return to the car. In the cubicle the toilet caught my eye, and I wondered about cheating by having another pee, even though I didn't need to go yet. I suppressed the idea long enough to get changed and buttoning up the fly on my jeans acted as a barrier to my weakness. My fate was sealed.

###

When he walked into the theatre I was about to give up and pee, at least to let some pressure off. I knew I'd overdone it when I was feeling really full by 3pm, and needed to go as badly as after our cinema play times by 5pm. But once he arrived I gave myself no choice, I was doing this for him as much as for me, and I'd do it to the best of my ability. Standing at the bar to order his drink was horrendous, with all those strangers there I couldn't bear the thought of fidgeting publicly, but try as I might I couldn't stand still. Anyone who looked at me for more than a couple of seconds probably realised my problem, as I was pacing around while the barman served the OJ and lemonade.

I was back in my seat by the time Pete came back. Sitting was so much easier on my poor bladder. I could actually stay still and look composed. He looked great in his jeans and shirt, I'd enjoy the rare treat of him fidgeting in those later. But first, I'd teased him long enough. I lent forward to whisper in his ear, and grabbed his hand to emphasise that I was putting myself through this for him. "I'm utterly bursting darling, how are you?"

He was fine, didn't need to go at all yet apparently. Lucky thing! He begged me to tell him what I'd been up to. I told him about peeing before lunch at work, then drinking 2 pints at the pub with a colleague. About being full by 3pm, about being at an 8 or 8 and a half by 5pm, and about drinking water during the afternoon despite that. He pressed me for details, "Probably only another pint or so," I told him, underplaying it somewhat. About the exquisite delight at seeing the colleague pee three times during the afternoon, the first time before we'd even left the pub. Knowing I'd held so much longer than her already, knowing I was the master of my bladder and not a slave to it like her and so many others. Knowing what all this would do to him. At that I reached under the table with my other hand and touched him - he was erect and evidently very excited. Feigning tiredness last night to avoid sex had been a good move on my part, making both of us even keener now.

"Were you fidgeting at work though Immi?" he wanted to know. I nodded coquettishly. "I knotted my legs together and just swayed them backwards and forwards under my desk," I explained. I'm a receptionist at a Doctors' Surgery, so patients and visitors can never see my legs and colleagues are usually only passing my desk for a moment on their way in or out. Finally I told him about my extremely fidgety bus ride from work to the town centre and then walking cautiously to the theatre. So cautiously that it took me longer than usual to walk and I'd arrived not long before him, so I'd only had a half the small glass of wine he could see on the table in front of me.

Of course he asked "But will you be able to last through tonight sweetie? You're usually at 8 when we get home from the cinema..."

My response was a lot more confident than I was feeling. "Of course darling, there's little doubt in my mind. I told you I wanted to worry myself, to challenge myself."

He perked up at that, I think he'd been expecting me to dash off for a partial pee before the show. Honestly I felt hugely bloated, my bladder was seriously hard and felt like a balloon that had been overfilled, stretching more than it wanted to. I was already breathing shallowly to avoid shocks to my bladder and I knew that moving would be tough. I had to admit to myself I was at 9 and a half now, and told Pete so. You see, I have a special skill that I can suppress fidgeting when I sit down, especially in public or when I'd be embarrassed for others to see it, but I can't suppress the penguin-like walk when my bladder gets to this stage.

I hadn't been at this stage out of our home for a long time; at home I'd happily drink loads more, sitting on my heel in the lounge and then waddling to bed. I'd started to sweat too, the body's tell tale sign that it's trying to expel the liquid from my bloodstream any way but letting the kidneys process it. It's not very ladylike, but it's great to get to that stage of desperation, it proves I have actually pushed myself. I have several friends I'm close enough to that I can discuss my fetish with them: none of them even knew there is a sweating stage. I'd told them that means they've never actually been full, which they all denied unconvincingly.

Pete could feel me sweating as he still held my hand. He knew what it meant too. He seemed to be unsure what to say. His chivalrous side came out. "Are you SURE you want to go through with this? I mean, I hate to think of you not making it during the performance." He looked at his watch, just over 10 minutes until curtain up. I always know the exact time when I'm that full, time seems to pass so slowly!

I sighed. "Pete, I'm properly bursting, I've never lasted - what do you think, over 3 hours before we're home?" he nodded, "from a 9 before! I'm concerned I've over done it and might leak in there. I'm even more worried someone else will notice how badly I need to go. But I'm not giving in, I wanted this and I've got it." I giggled. "I might have wanted this at about 10pm not 20 past 7 but oh well. Shall we go in?" I nodded to the door just as an announcement was made asking all guests to take their seats.

He asked once more if I was sure I wanted to go through with it. "Last chance," he said. I was sure and told him so, slightly angrily. I didn't want him to give me a way out. But he didn't; once he knew I was determined he took a different tack. "In that case, do you want another drink?" he teased me. "Wine, beer, cider?"

A thought struck me. "Get me a double brandy, neat. It'll help numb it for a bit."

Making our way to our seats was pure agony. I couldn't stand up straight, and walked very slowly hunched over, all my actions inevitably designed to prevent shocks to my bladder which might defeat my overstretched muscles. A minor miracle meant we were seated on the end of a row, and I whispered to Pete that I'd like to be on the end, quickly reassuring him that it wasn't so I could rush out but so I could fidget without a stranger sat next to me. He immediately let me have the exit seat.

The first half was incredibly difficult. I almost downed the brandy in one, I was at that stage where I was so desperate I had to do everything really quickly, really urgently. I kept looking at my watch to try to make time pass quicker. I realised at one point I'd looked at it 7 times in 30 seconds. I involuntarily fidgeted in the seat by swinging the leg nearer Pete in a wide arc, and by waving the other foot backwards and forwards in the aisle next to me. About 20 minutes into the first act I forced myself to sit still for what felt like a whole minute, but when I checked my watch (again!) I'd only managed to stay still for 20 seconds. I was frequently shifting my position in the chair, which unfortunately squeaked every time I moved. Pete kept casting me glances, increasingly frequently as the first act continued.

I don't know how I avoided holding myself, or how I avoided wetting myself, during that first act. By the time it seemed like the actors were building to a crescendo agony no longer described my need to go. I have deliberately held on so much to such extremes so many times that intense desperation is quite routine for me, but this was something else. Something new. Something exciting and terrifying. I genuinely sat in that seat in the theatre wondering to myself every second how I hadn't wet myself yet. I'd achieved my aim of challenging myself with something tougher, that was for sure. And I was incredibly turned on. My whole fabric seat was bathed in my sweat that was literally running down my face and all over me, even the backs of my knees were sweating. I couldn't tell you anything about the plot of the play or the character's names, my whole concentration was on not leaking and not embarrassing myself by fidgeting such that other people noticed.

The lights going up for the interval was a blessed relief. Firstly it meant I was about half way through this torture I was inflicting on myself, and secondly it meant that I had 20 minutes in which to decide whether to brave it out or to give in and either pee in the theatre or to rush home with Pete for some very hot sex.

Pete! I'd forgotten all about Pete's hold.

###

I have never seen Immi so desperate in public, and probably never so frantic at all in fact, because at home she might have drunk more, done longer holds or pushed herself to even greater extremes, but it was obvious when we sat down for the show that this was something that would be very difficult and I honestly thought she wouldn't make it. Not dry anyway. I was very conscious of her fidgeting during the first act, and of her annoying squeaky seat which revealed her incessant movement and frequent shifts of position to me and probably everyone around us.

However as the act went on I also became aware of my own need to pee increasing alarmingly quickly. It struck me that I couldn't complain about it because I was obviously better off than my darling wife. Maybe she'd been cunning. By the time of the interval I was properly bursting, I'd squeezed myself twice in the last ten minutes to control the urge to pee, and I could only describe myself as at a 9. I couldn't face holding through the second half, and hoped to God that Immi would want to go home to measure this hold.

It didn't help that other theatre goers were pushing past us to get to the bar or toilets. One guy even asked his group of friends as they passed us whether they wanted the bar or the toilets first. Once the hubbub had died down I turned to talk to Immi. She had tears in her eyes and was trembling. I'd never seen her look so vulnerable or so attractive. My discomfort was immense and I'd never willingly get that full in public again, but I had to know about Immi's state first.

"How bad is it?" I asked, breathlessly.

She grimaced, shuddered, gesticulated at her crossed legs and finally whispered to me "Fucking fantastic but I'm way above a 10. Way above anything I've ever done before. This is my fullest and my most desperate, I don't want to waste it Pete but I'm amazed I haven't wet myself already. What should we do?"

"Are you asking me whether to go home now?"

She couldn't answer. She half smiled at me while an urge consumed her concentration. Her answer, when it came, was long, confused and indicative of severe desperation. "Yes, but I don't want to give in. I can't think, I don't think I can last as long as it'll take to get to the car but I felt like that almost as soon as we sat down. What should I do? I can't take another moment but at the same time I think I can. Oh God I want you inside me!"

I shifted uncomfortably. "Are you at 10 yet?" I couldn't wait for her to answer, and said far too loudly "I'm easily at a 9 love, I'm not sure I should drive home. You've got to decide, I can't guess what's going on inside you, but I know what's going on inside my bladder." I stopped and looked around me at the few theatre-goers who hadn't left their seats. No-one had turned to look at me thank goodness.

Immi was stock still, mesmerized by the feelings she was experiencing or about to wet herself, one or the other. The feeling evidently soon ended and she looked me in the eye. "Force me to hold it darling, do anything to make this happen the way I want it to. The way no doubt you want it to as well."

I made a decision. "I'm going to go and wee, buy you another brandy, and that way I can concentrate on you. Wait here." With that I left before she could protest.

"Find out what time it finishes!" she called after me.

I had a really very good pee in the Gents, though another guy who was peeing at the urinal before me was still going strong after I'd finished. Bladder-shamed by my wife and a stranger in one evening, not good. I fought through the crowd to order a neat triple brandy for Immi and a non-alcoholic beer for me.

###

While Pete was gone all I could think was "The bastard's weeing right now, how could he put me through the torture of knowing?" over and over. My own need didn't get any better while he was gone, and by the time he was back I was convinced I'd got a wet patch on the back of my dress. If not from leaking, then from a combination of sweating and being intensely turned on. I surreptitiously felt my dress while I twisted sideways to let Pete get by me back to his seat, it didn't feel wet but I couldn't be sure.

He handed me a big brandy which I downed in one. The alcohol would help temporarily until it began to dehydrate me and force more liquid into my bladder. Until it kicked in I just had to make the best of it using my own strength. I realised it wasn't really a battle of muscle strength against pee pressure any more, it was a battle of my determination against my inner demon telling me to worry about being noticed or leaking. Pete told me the show was due to finish at 10:20 and was running to time - so maybe 5 more minutes of the interval and then an hour to survive, then the horrendous thought of walking to the car and the much more agreeable thought of the drive home, when I could hold myself if needs be. Who was I kidding. Delete those last 3 words.

I wasn't going to make it, I needed the privacy of my own home to contemplate waiting a second longer. So I'd have to admit defeat, use the ladies here and apologise profusely to Pete. "Take me to the Ladies Pete, now. Help me!" I begged.

He looked at me blankly, a distinct concern crossed his face, then he stood up. "No," he said. "You have often asked me to help you wait longer but never really seemed to need any help until now. You seem to be having a crisis of confidence, am I right?"

He was so right. I nodded imperceptibly, afraid to shake my bladder even with that movement. "I can't stand up though. And my kidneys hurt."

"We're going to take you home," he assured me, and with that almost dragged me out of the auditorium. Contrary to my expectations moving was easier than it should have been, clenching to prevent leaks came naturally again instead of requiring very conscious effort. I found myself trying and failing to walk straight upright instead of half crouched as I tend to at my bladder's limit - social concerns to the fore to avoid strangers even knowing I needed to wee though I might wet myself in front of them!

Putting the seat belt on in the car was troublesome. How to twist to reach it was my first challenge, which Pete overcame for me, but how to fasten it without any part of it touching my distended, stretched, bloated and bulging bladder was a bigger issue. Every second mattered to me and wasting vital time on this upset me more than it should. Eventually it occurred to me that I could hold myself in the car and no-one would know except Pete, so my arm could go inside the seat belt to hold it away from my bladder. That made things a lot easier though I was no less desperate.

Pete would usually ask incessant questions when I was full so his silence told me he was thinking. "Pete, I'm in new territory, I might wet the car seat, is that OK? I so want to make it home to measure."

He shook his head. "Two things: one, you're a grown adult and can hold on a bit longer, two, I am having sex with you when we get home before any measuring. Ok three things, three, if you wet the car seat I'm putting the pictures on Facebook. Is that adequate incentive to hold on?" he looked at me sidelong as he drove. I realised he was smiling, challenging me. Two can play at that game. I told him I'd never sleep with him again unless he got me home dry.

I cried as he replied "Do you think this is over when we get home? Do you? You set yourself up for this, to last another hour and a half or so, to the end of the show plus the drive home. Leaving the theatre doesn't reduce your target. Plus neither of us have eaten dinner, so we ought to stop off on our way home. Where do you fancy?"

Through the tears I felt defiant. I'd been at 9.5 at 7:20, very rapidly reaching maximum 10 out of 10 over two hours ago. I'd never held for more than 45 minutes once reaching 10 before, but I'd managed it so far, somehow, though in that moment in the car I knew it was as much luck as muscle strength. Looking back I can't work out what impact luck has on my bladder's stamina.

Despite wanting to wait longer I was scared and unwilling to commit to anything. "Pete I was about to wet myself 2 hours ago, forget it. Take me home. No!" I screamed as he indicated to turn towards the town centre, away from home. I cried afresh while he seemed to take forever to find a parking space. One the engine was off he turned to me and uttered 2 words in the most loving tone I can remember him using "Trust me."

Then to my utter surprise he roughly shoved his hand up my dress between my legs, removed my hand and rubbed me to an immense orgasm. It happened so quickly my bladder didn't complain too much. When he'd finished he sucked his finger clean, looking seductively at me while he did so.

"Isn't that why you're doing this to yourself Immi, for sexual satisfaction?" he paused long enough that I probably should have replied but all I could do was whimper, fidget and clasp my hand to myself again, pressing really hard now. I don't know about you but orgasm temporarily increases my urgency to pee, which 5 minutes before hadn't seemed possible. When I didn't reply he sighed and asked "Chinese, Indian or fish and chips?"

"I can't go onto a restaurant darling, I'll be too embarrassed," I thought of adding 'look at me' but figured he knew. Every word hurt, somehow adding to the risk of my bladder giving in.

And while he rushed off to get the takeaway curry he fancied, my bladder turned cartwheels inside me. The uncertainty of an indeterminate wait for him to return had unsettled it.

###

My plan was two-fold, firstly to extend Imogen's involuntary waiting time while I waited for the fix to be cooked, but also to sneak into an ally to pee again. I'd broken the seal and was never as good as her at holding anyway. For some reason I always felt awkward going to the loo before sex if she was holding, so hiding my second wee from her was a selfish solution.

When I got back almost to within sight of the car I broke into a jog despite the takeaway bag I was carrying, to give the impression to Immi that I'd been as quick as I could for her sake. I saw that she was no longer sitting in it but was pacing around the dark car park with both hands between her legs.

She gingerly lowered herself back into the car as I almost threw the takeaway onto the back seat, which made the beer bottles I'd also purchased clink. I jumped into the drivers seat then immediately jumped out to run around to pass Immi the seat belt again. Once I was driving she metaphorically raised an eyebrow at the clinking bottles. I explained "You know as well as I do dear that if we'd gone for a curry you'd have had a couple of pints. So I bought you two Cobras," inclining his head to the back seat. "Want one now or when we get home?" he joked.

###

On a normal day doing a normal hold I'd have taken that challenge and downed a bottle right there in the car, primarily to turn my sweet husband on a bit more. But this was so far out of my comfort zone that I had no idea what another few millilitres that my kidneys might manage to produce before we got home would do to me. So instead I did my best to giggle at him, and experimented with removing one hand from myself to gently hit him.

Since being in the car I'd spent less time staring at my watch, but I realised as we were nearing home that what with the journey, the orgasm and the wait for takeaway it was nearly 10:20. In around half an hour I'd have reached my target. Not that it felt doable, but I had made myself survive until we got home.

Getting into the house was a fiasco. Pete abandoned the takeaway to help me the few steps to the door, but left me in the hall under strict instructions not to pee while he retrieved his precious curry. One he was back I insisted he strip me naked, the constant sweating had soaked my dress making it uncomfortable. Though admittedly not as uncomfortable as my bulging bladder.

Pete has always been an attentive lover; one or more of his exs must have taught him well. Based on stories he's told me and scenarios he's had me act out they had certainly indulged him by playing. So foreplay usually lasted well into a second hour before he even considered penetration. Tonight was no different, despite my bladder screaming at me and my constant begging for him to "get on with it" coupled with fidgeting that made it quite difficult for him, he'd licked me and fingered me to several orgasms and a surprising contrasting sense of relaxation despite my intense desperation.

While we made love in the only position I could tolerate - missionary - I whispered into his ear how I was feeling so, so full and how I'd almost burst 5 hours before at the theatre bar, and finally admitted that I hadn't had just 1 pint of water at work during the afternoon, but 2, plus a cup of tea brought to me by a well-meaning colleague. I thought I'd push him over the edge into his own orgasm with that sort of talk, but instead he adjusted his rhythm and made me cum again, with the most perfect orgasm I've ever experienced. At last he gave in to his own pleasure, so finally sated after a whole day of being almost constantly turned on, we cuddled briefly.

To my utmost surprise I woke up a few hours later in a new agony, my whole belly was bloated and protruding. My kidneys felt like they were on fire and I was unpleasantly hungover. 2 pints at lunch plus 5 brandys while drinking less water than usual had ironically left me dehydrated despite the huge amount of pee in my bladder. I felt so unwell I couldn't bring myself to get out of bed yet, so lay there feeling awful until my fidgeting woke Pete up.

Hangovers always make me horny so being the gentleman he is Pete made love to me again after helping me measure. This time the new record I'd set meant he couldn't control himself and he came very quickly. That record will probably stand for years, but the experience I'd had and glorious sex it led to meant I would try very frequently to beat it.

*005*2019-11-11 21:58

{{On 12/9/2018 at 1:18 PM, shadow20 said:

How much in ml is 'one brandy'? I am trying to calculate how much she drank.

Also curious how much ml of pee is in her bladder finally.

}}

Sorry, only just noticed your comment. In the UK a single shot of spirits must legally be 25ml.

