The Hoding-Girls!

Author: huberp76

*000*2022-10-26 21:16

A boy had a date with a girl who had a body what was made for him.

Young , slim, sporty and she was a little bit shy, what he loved too.

He did always look at the pee habits from girls, because he loved situations where girls were needing to wee but had to hold it for some circumstances.

He did always get totally horny when a girl was needing to wee but could not go.

If he had a chance to make a girl hold it and to prevent her from going to the toilet, he did use it.

His new dating girl was different, he did not have to prevent her from peeing, she did not go to the toilet at their dates, not even when they spent a long time together and not even if she was visible needing to go.

He was a expert about pee holding and pee desperation since he was very young , so he did know very well that his girl would have needed to pee sometimes very bad, but he did not know why she did not go.

Some dates later he did know that she hated public toilets and that she was willing to hold a full bladder for hours, or if there would have been no another way, she would rather squat behind a bush than using a public toilet.

Not really normal, but good for the boy and his lust for desperate girls.

At the end of one of their early dates they were sitting in the boys car in front of the girls house.

The boys bladder was was full, he did not go all day long, but he had a large and a strong bladder and he did like that feeling of a full bladder, that way he could better imagine what the girl was feeling.

She did not wee all day as well and he did know that she was needing to go.

He would have been ready to spend the night in the car, just for to make that girl hold and to prevent her from peeing, no matter how much torture that would have been for him, but after a while the girl told him that she had to go now.

”Why don’t you want to stay a little longer?” he asked.

“I would like to, but i can’t, i am needing to wee since so long, i can’t wait any longer.” said the girl and smiled embarrassed.

For men and boys who like girls desperate to pee are this words like you push a button to make them horny and this boy was one of them.

He was getting so hard, he was so horny, he wanted to make her hold and he wanted to fuck her so bad, but after 20 more minutes the girl said “Sorry but i really have to go now, i wet my panties if i stay longer.”

The boy could not make her to stay any longer, he was disappointed that he could not use that situation better.

He had to drive home totally horny and with a bladder full to burst.

As he arrived at home, he went to his room without to piss before, he did make it himself, pressed hard on his own overfilled bladder and thought how hot and arousing it would have been to do that with the girls bladder and dreamed about what he will do with her at the next date.

After he did cum he went to the bathroom and pissed with high pressure extreme long.

His urge had been already painful, but he was sure that he would not have pissed before sleeping if he could have prevented the girl from going and if he could have tortured the girls bladder.

Next date the boy………..

*001*2022-10-28 03:12

To their next date the boy came with a scooter, the girl did not know that before and so she did wear the wrong outfit.

Her skirt was very short and when she was sitting on the scooter with her legs apart, her thighs were getting bare nearly up until her panties.

It was a warm spring day, not really hot and the cool wind was blowing on her nude legs up between her thighs.

They started their day trip at 9 am and stopped sometimes at special viewing points.

They had a late lunch in a restaurant at a little lake and after that they rented an electric boat for 2 hours.

It was about 4 pm as they came back to his scooter. No one had peed since at home in the morning.

The boy did look that the girl had enough to drink at lunch.

She did drink much more than he, because the boy always made her drink on purpose at the viewing places before noon.

After a while the girl told him that she is needing to wee and that he should stop anywhere at the country road where she could squat behind some bushes.

The boy did not even think about that, he could feel that his bladder was getting full and he did love the imagination that the girls bladder must have been much fuller from all the drinks that he made her to drink.

He simply did not stop for her and after nearly one hour she was begging again for to let her wee, but without avail, he did not stop.

He did drive with one hand, the other hand was always between the girls naked thighs up on her panties, sometimes inside her panties.

A little later she told him to stop that because her panty was getting already wet, because she is needing to wee so bad and so urgently that she can’t hold it no more back with her spreading things.

He could feel the wetness of her panties with his fingers and said “you naughty, little girl did wee your panties!!”

They were in between no more at the country road, they have been in the next city.

It was so arousing for the boy to make now sightseeing with a girl who is needing to wee so bad and with a girl who has a pee wet panty over her girl slit.

She would not use public toilets and she would no more be able to sit again with spreading thighs on the scooter for going home.

“What will she do?” he thought to himself and was absolutely horny from that situation.

It was so hard for the girl to get up from the scooter, she had to spread her thighs even more for some seconds, she could not hold her wee inside her anymore, she was needing to go since so long, she was needing to wee so bad, it was coming out from the hole inside her slit between her thighs.

As she was standing beside the scooter the boy could see that some drops of wee were running down on on the smooth skin of her thighs, she was bending over and crossed her naked, sexy legs very tight to stop leaking.

“Are you not a little bit too old for wetting your panties, should a girl at your arge not be able to hold her wee?” teased the boy the poor girl, with a boner in his shorts.

” That is not fair ……………

*002*2022-10-29 10:27

„That is not fair what you are doing with me, i was begging you many times to let me pee, you did know very well how bad i was needing to go, but you did not stop and for that you are teasing me.“ said the girl and was standing with crossed legs.

“You know that i don’t use public toilets, but usually it is not a big problem for me to hold it from morning until evening, but today i did drink really much, maybe to much and the permanent cold airstream on my naked legs and up between my thighs, made my need any more worse. My legs are really cold from the cold air.

I would have nevertheless been able to hold it longer , but not with straddled thighs.“ said the girl a little bit angry.

They went to the center of the city and it was so arousing for the boy to walk with a pretty girl and to know that her little panties under her short skirt were wet from her pee and it was arousing to know that she was needing to wee since hours and by now very urgently.

He could not stop to think about the girls pussy under her wet panties, he was so horny, he had to talk about it, so he asked her „ are you panties already dry or did you leak again, like a schoolgirl?“

“My panties are dry, but i need to wee so bad, i don’t no more know what to do, i can’t bear that until at home and i can’t sit again on your scooter with my bladder that full and my thighs apart.“ answered the girl.

The boy could imagine how bad the girl was needing to go, because his bladder was very full as well, but he did not drink as much as the girl.

He did like that situation, he did like the feeling from his own overfilled bladder and he did like to know that the girls bladder must have been much fuller and that her need must have been much stronger and painfuller than his urge.

More and more often she was standing with her legs tight crossed if they had to wait at the traffic lights and that made him very hard to see her fight to keep her panties dry! Or were those panties under her short skirt wet again?

“I need to wee so bad!“ said the girl and rolled her eyes.

“I know it and i can see it and all the other people around us who watch you know that too.

I did not pee since early morning, i would need to go too, but no one can see that and nobody knows it, but you act like a little girl.

I think girls should be the better holders than boys, because they have normally less opportunities to go anywhere.

Girls should not wet their panties like you do that, i think you should train your girl bladder and your bladder control !!“ answered the boy.

“I have a strong bladder and a good bladder control, i usually can bear without to go to the toilet from morning until evening and if it is necessary until late evening.

I told you what is different to day, so stop to tease me, it is bad enough that i have to endure a strong holding pain and a hurting bladder.“ said the girl angry.

“Okay, okay, then stop you to wail and hold it like a girl at your age should be able to hold it!!“ answered the boy.

For him and his lust for desperate girls should she be forced to hold it until tomorrow or longer. She should be made to hold it until her eyes turns yellow and until her bladder gets hard and big as a pumpkin.

They walked for about a half an hour until there was on the right side a little park with some bushes.

As soon as the girl saw that she went behind the bushes and came back a few minutes totally relieved.

The boy was disappointed and annoyed, he wanted to enjoy at her desperation for hours longer, but now she was empty and he was full, exactly the opposite. She should get punished for that, next time i’ll burst her bladder, he thought to himself.

„How i told you before, you are like a naughty schoolgirl, first you pissed your panties and now you pissed in a public park behind the bushes.“ he said angry.

“Sorry, but i had to use that opportunity, it was so urgently and so painful, i absolutely would not have been able to hold it until at home.“ she answered apologetic.

The boy on the other hand had to hold his hurting bladder until at home and like the date before, he went to his room without to take a much needed piss before.

He masturbated and thought at the girls wet panties, at her squeezed pussy, he thought how she crossed her wonderful legs and about how he would make her hold at their next date.

She is a girl and her bladder should get tortured and that is it what he wanted to do next time.

*004*2022-10-29 22:39

At the moment the boy tortured his own bladder, he pressed and pushed hard on it to increase his already painful urge and he thought how he will do that with his girl and with her bladder at their next meeting.

At their next date he picked her up in the morning, this time with his car.

They spent a great day together, as always no one of them went to the toilet.

At dinner it was visible that the girl was needing to wee, she could not hide it anymore, but about the situation at the last date she was to shy to say it, she did not wanted to give him the chance to call her a naughty schoolgirl.

The girl did not really notice that the boy was really bad, she did not notice that he made her drink all day long.

She did drink brave all what she was getting offered and did not think that it will make her to pee.

The girl was needing to wee since a long time, but she thought that they would go home right after dinner and that she would be able to hold it back until she can go at home, but the boy wanted more from his girl, more, much more desperation.

Not until the dinner he told her that he has tickets for the cinema.

The girl likes cinema, but she was afraid to hear that, she was needing to wee so bad, she had not peed only once all day long, not since she did leave her home early in the morning. To hold it minimum 3 hours longer, would be absolutely impossible for her.

As they arrived at the cinema, she looked yearning to the toilets, but she did not go, she could not go, because she can’t pee if someone is around her, that’s why she don’t use public toilets.

The boy was needing to pee as well pretty bad, but not as bad as the girl.

He has a very large and a very strong bladder, he is good trained to hold it and he did not drink nearly as much as the girl.

The boy had his hand on the slim, bare, sporty thigh of his girl and he could feel how she tensed her muscles to hold her wee inside her.

It was so arousing for him to know and to feel that she is needing to wee so bad, he wanted to hear from her that she would need to go so bad, but the girl did not say something about it, she wanted not get teased from her friend again.

”Can it be that you are needing to wee?” he asked her.

”Oh yes, i am needing to go since many hours, it is nearly unbearable.” she answered.

”Poor girl, but you will not wet your panties again, this time you will be able to hold it, like big girls usually do that!?” he said and was sliding with his hand up to her panties.

I’ll try my best, but all my lower abdomen hurts from needing to wee so bad.” she answered.

After one more hour bladder torture, they did leave the cinema and went to the car.

(to be continued)

*005*2022-10-30 08:54

{{10 hours ago, wotomota said:

Do the characters have names?

Great story!

}}

Thank you for your compliment, i am glad that you like my story.

Would you like to give the girl and the boy a name?

Tel me two names and i will use it.

*006*2022-10-31 08:06

{{On 10/30/2022 at 12:19 AM, wotomota said:

Do the characters have names?

Great story!

}}

If i write a story where a girl and a boy use their bodies just for their lust and for sex, then i give them sometimes on purpose not a name.

They are just two bodies.

The boy love the sexy body from the girl, especially her slit between her thighs, her toned belly and a overfilled bladder inside her belly, but he is not in love with her.

He loves to have a pretty girl body for him self, a body with bodily needs, he love it to force the girl to suppress this needs as long as any possible and he loves to torture then that overstretched balloon inside her body.

But if you tell me two names for my story, i will use them.

Thank you again for your compliment.

*007*2022-11-01 06:45

On the way to the car the girl stopped sometimes to cross her legs.

„Is it really so bad?“teased her the boy.

„That is much more than bad, it is more bad than a girl should be forced to endure.“ she answered and walked with rubbing knees to the boys car.

No sooner she was sitting in the car she was bending over, pressed her hands hard between her thighs and said „this time i can’t absolutely endure it until at home, please stop as soon as we are out of the town anywhere on the country road and let me wee behind some bushes, it hurts so much, don’t let me suffer longer than necessary.“

It was like music for the boy and sure he did not stop at the first opportunity, but the girl was getting angry and so he had to stop some minutes later beside a little wood.

The girl lifted her shirt on the way to the bushes, pulled her panties down to her knees , but before she could squat and before she pissed only one drop the boy was standing beside her and said“ let me see how much you was holding.“

“Oh no, go away and let me pee, i am needing it so much.“ said the girl.

“I don’t prevent you, i just want to watch you.“answered the boy.

She told him that she can’t wee if he watch her and that this would be a reason why she never use public toilets. She can not even wee if someone is listening her in the neighbor cabin of a public toilet.

She was begging once again that he should let her do a so much needed wee, but the boy did not let her alone.

In reality he wanted to make her hold it longer, he wanted to see her suffer, to torture her bladder, but she did not let him do it, she was getting angry, so to cut losses for his lust, he wanted to see and hear her piss with full power.

She was needing to wee so unbelievable bad but she could not pee only one drop.

The boys bladder was full as well from all day, he pissed full force beside the girl who was squatting with her little panties down under her knees.

“I think you don’t really need to wee that bad, if you don’t do it, so let us go it is already late, we should go home.“ said the boy after he finished his long piss.

Once more she was begging him to let her alone, to let her finally pee, but he did not let her alone , he had found a way to make her hold.

She was angry about it, pulled her panties up and went back to the car without to wee only one drop, with her bladder full from the day and overstretched to burst.

This time it was different to the other dates, this time was the boy empty, but the girl was full to burst.

“ Oh my god, i need to wee, i need to wee so bad, that is not to bear, that hurts so much. My bladder will burst if I keep holding it. Stop and let me pee!“ said the girl.

“You had your chance, but you did not use it, now you have to hold it until at home, but today you are doing it really, really good, you are doing it like big girls usually do that, or are your panties already wet?“ said the boy and grabbed with his hand between her thighs.

He could feel how firm and how hard her bladder was, he could feel how it was bulging out from her abdomen and how round and swollen her usually flat belly was filled with a soccer ball size bladder inside.

“You are really pretty full down there, i think you hold a lot of hot wee inside you.“ said the boy and could not resist to press softly on her swollen abdomen and on her poor tortured bladder.

“Stop that, it is no more funny, i’ll piss your seat if you press my bladder.” said the girl and pushed his hand away.

The boy was so horny, he could not stop to feel the girls overfilled bladder, he could not stop to press on it and to massage it.

It was near to midnight, she did not piss since 16 hours, she did drink so much, how much longer will she be able to hold it, how long can that girl bear that? thought the boy to himself.

What would happen if there would be a traffic accident, if they would have to stay in the car for one more hour or longer, would she piss herself or could her bladder expand and stretch more. How much longer can she endure the painful urge? How many hours? He thought.

He wanted to test the limit of her bladder and he wanted to test the limit of her endurance, he wanted to fuck her so hard and so bad, with her bladder full to explode in her swollen belly.

No wee for that girl, she is a big girl, she is a holding girl!!!

*008*2022-11-01 19:51

The girl was sitting with both hands pressed hard between her crossed thighs and and was bending a little bit forward.

Again she asked for a stop and told him that she can’t impossible hold it until at home, because it is getting so painful that she can’t bear it anymore.

But the boy on the other hand told her that she had her chance and that he would not stop again.

He said that she would be old enough to hold her pee for one hour longer and that she should simply squeeze her slit a little bit tighter.

He told her that he did read a lot about pee holding and about bladder capacity and that he did read that some girls are able to endure not to pee for 24 hours and longer, some even much longer.

”You are perverse, you are a sadist, you like to torture me and my bladder, every time after our date my bladder hurts for hours after.“she said angry.

” No i am not a sadist, i don’t like to hurt you, but honestly, i like it if your bladder is very full and i like it if you would need to wee very bad, you are such a sexy girl and you get much more sexy if you are needing to wee.” answered the boy.

He was so horny, he could not get enough from her and from her frantic need to wee, he wanted to take her home, he wanted to fuck her so bad full like that and he asked her if she would stay overnight with him .

She told him that her parents would not allow that and that she has to be at home at midnight.

She asked him if he want to take her home just for to torture her and her bladder more and longer, she asked him if he would like to make her hold her pee all night.

Without to think for just one second he said „Oh yes, that would be absolutely great and that would be absolutely a dream for me.“

He did not really know what he said, it was just his lust for a desperate girl and girl bladders full to explode, what was speaking from his mouth.

The girl was angry about that and did not speak with him until they were near at her home.

Then she said “ I need to wee so much and so painful like never before in my life, my bladder is fuller than even before in my whole life, my bladder hurts worser than ever before, i am nearly in ecstasy from needing to wee so bad, is it that what your sadist ears like to hear are you satisfied to see me suffer sooooo much?“

I think that you like my bladder more than me.“ she said as she did get out from the car.

She did not even kiss him goodbye, or better she had no more time for that, she was near to wet her panties, she was near to piss herself, she was full to explode.

She walked with nearly crossed legs, with one hand between her thighs and bending over to the house door.

What will her parents say if they see her like that, he thought.

At home he went as usual in his room and masturbated.

He was thinking about how desperate she was, but he was disappointed too, because he had again no full bladder sex with her.

His emotions were mixed, on one hand it was a day to remember, on the other hand he was worried because she was angry at him and he did realize that he did like her more than he thought, maybe he did love her a little bit?

After that date they did not meet for some months.

The boy dated another „holding girl“ it was the same body type, but she was totally different from her manners and from the way she did hold it, but she was super good in holding!!!

*009*2022-11-02 20:03

Some weeks later our boy has a date with another girl.

They did know each other not really good, they had a small talk up and on, but not more.

The girl is very sexy, she has a great body and she likes it to show her body.

They did meet for their first date in a coffee shop early in the morning.

They wanted to go by car to the capital city for shopping and at the evening they wanted to go to the cinema.

It was early summer, it was pretty warm, but not really hot, but although it was not hot she did wear just a small summer dress.

Except this very short and thin dress she did wear only shoes and little panties. You could see the contours from her panties sometimes when she moved.

Her wonderful, sexy, slim legs were naked from her toes up until her panties.

Of course she did not wear a bra, you could see her nipple through the thin fabric of her dress.

The boy could not get his mouth shut as he saw her coming to his table.

After a fast breakfast, before they wanted to leave, said the girl “sorry, excuse me please for some minutes, i’ll do it really fast.”

The words “I’ll do it “ turned the boy totally on.

She do it, that means that she do piss, it means that she let her hot pee out from her full bladder and out from her pussy!

He would have loved it more if she had held it, but the imagination that her wee is spreading out from her slit between her sexy thighs was hot too.

At the same moment the girl came back to the table.

The boy deep in his thoughts said “you did do it indeed very fast.”

”I did not do it at all, there was a line and i did not wanted to make yo wait. I am a big girl, i can hold it!” she answered.

The girl did know to turn boys on and she did know that some boys get aroused when girls hold their pee.

It was visible for her that he was one of them, but she did not say one word about it.

Later in the car she pushed her short dress up on her thighs, fare enough to give him a good view to her panties.

The boy loved it and the girl loved it to turn her new friend on that way.

With his right hand he caressed her knee and her thigh and when ever it was possible he did take a look between her bare thighs and on her white, little panties.

It was exciting for him to know that she was needing to wee but did not go.

After arriving at the shopping mall, they walked around for some hours. The girl had more opportunities to go to a toilet, but she did not use only one of them.

He loved that and he thought about it what he could do to prevent her to pee , for some hours longer.

A little after noon they went for a dinner to a fast food with self service.

As they were ready the boy wanted to go out as soon as possible from the restaurant, he did not want to give her a chance to go to the toilet, but at the last moment she said “excuse me please, but now it is really time for me to go.”

The boy was disappointed, he did know very well what she wanted to do, but he asked like unknowing “where do you want to go?”

”There where i need to go since a long time, but don’t worry, i do it really fast.” answered the girl and smiled.

There was no way for him to stop her, it was their first date and he did not know how she would react and he did not wanted to make her angry.

The same as in the coffee shop in the morning, she was back in not even 2 minutes.

”What went wrong?” he asked with a fast beating heart.

”The same as in the morning, to many people.” she replied.

She did not really wanted to pee, she just wanted test the boy if he gets horny when she hold her pee for longer.

”But what will you do, you are needing to wee since hours, since at the coffee shop in the morning. It must be very urgently for you after holding it for so long?”he asked with a trembling voice.

”I do nothing, i hold it! I am a big girl with a big bladder.

And yes it is already really urgent, but i don’t need to wee since at the coffee shop, i need to wee since i waked up in the morning.

I did not pee this morning, i am holding it since yesterday evening.” answered the girl.

Not until now she did know that the boy is horny, he could not even speak anymore and in his pants was a big bulge.

The girl did love it!

”Whhyyyy did you not pee in the morning?” he wanted to know.

She wanted to tease him a little bit and said “ I hope you are not disappointed about me, but i am a dirty, naughty and perverse girl, i like to hold my pee and i like to torture my own bladder, especially when i spend time with a boy.

I did not pee because of you that morning and now i am holding it for you .

I like to put it off from opportunity to opportunity, i like to put it off until i can’t anymore.

I hope i don’t disappoint you to be so naughty?”

The boy who is a master of making girls hold their pee, could not believe what he heard and started to stutter………

*011*2022-11-02 20:55

{{32 minutes ago, holdit247 said:

This is one of your best chapters ever, of any story. Now you have seriously caught my attention with her character!

}}

Thank you for your compliment.

I am glad that you like this chapter and i hope you will like the next too.

*012*2022-11-04 15:19

“It is 4 pm!!! Did you really not pee this morning?” asked the boy in a way that he could not hide his horniness from that thought that she didn’t.

”I have been yesterday at 10 pm at the toilet and since then i did not pee anymore.

It would be really urgently already, my bladder is very full and stretched, but i can bear more.” she answered and smiled arrogant.

”You drive me crazy, that you hold your wee from 18 hours inside you!

How can you endure not to pee for so long?

It must be painful for you !?

Does it hurt you? You can’t imagine how much that turns me on.”said the boy.

”I can imagine it and i can see it .” said the girl and looked at his boner between his thighs.

“ But i think that you can’t imagine that it turns me on as well very much, that my “new”friend gets horny because my bladder is very full and about that, that i need to pee.

I really LOVE to suffer for you and your horniness!!!

All my friends before told me to go to the toilet when they noticed that i was needing to go.” she replied.

”Honestly never ever i would do that, i would prevent you from peeing for so long as any possible, although you would be full to burst would i try to make you hold it longer, your bladder can NEVER be full enough for me.“said the boy.

”I think we should cancel to go to the cinema, we should go to my home right now, my parents are away for some days, we have the house just for us alone.” offered the boy.

”Oh yes, that would be great, but you have to promise to me that you will not let me pee at your home, not even if i beg you with tears in my eyes.

I want to be your slut, i want to be your slave, use me, make me hold, torture me, do what ever you want with me, i am YOURS!!

I am dreaming since a long time to be totally dominated from a boy, i dreaming about that a boy don’t let me pee when i am needing to go very bad and that he force me to overfill my bladder to the size of a soccer ball.

And yes it is painful to hold it for so long and the bladder hurts a lot when it is so much overfilled, but i like this kind of pain and it makes me horny.” said the girl.

”You know that slaves have no rights, not even the right for humanly needs.

Slaves have to hold it sometimes extreme long before they are allowed to piss and slaves have to be able to endure a lot of pain, especially the pain of a bursting full bladder if they are forced to hold all day long or longer.” said the boy.

“I will be your slave, let me be your slave girl.

I know that slaves are not allowed to pee when they would need to and that they even it is painful have to wait very long until they get permission, but that is it exactly what i want, make me hold my dirty, bad smelly urine in me until i can’t anymore, make my slave bladder full to explode and torture it.

But what happens when i absolutely can’t anymore, when it is coming out of me, against my iron will to hold it, will you punish me then?

Once i did read that a master did beat his maid on her pissing cunt as punishment for not being able to hold it.

Another maid was getting her peehole plugged as punishment for not being able to hold it until she would have been allowed to pee.

How will you punish me if i can’t hold it anymore ? she wanted to know.

The boy was a little bit overstrained with this question, he did not answer.

They were both horny as hell and could not wait to get home so soon as possible to the boys home.

As she did get in the car, she lifted her super short dress before she set down, because she wanted to sit with her bare thighs on the cool leather seat.

She pushed, like she did it on the way to the city her dress far up to show him her panties between her naked thighs.

A little later she lifted her dress and said „look how full my bladder is, it’s bulging out from my belly. Your little slave girl is needing to wee really, really bad.“

“You are a really, really naughty little slut, you know how to turn my on, you nearly make me cum my pants with your gorgeous body, with your ultra strong bladder and with your ability to hold your pee for so long.“said the boy and press softly in her swollen belly and massaged her firm bladder.

“You make my panties wet too, but not only from wee if you know what i mean.“ she said smiled and caressed the bulge between the boys thighs.

The boy slid with his hand in the girls panties and felt with his finger the wetness of the girls slit, he could not resist to press on her bladder.

“Your slave girl will pee your seat if you press to hand.“ said the girl and smiled.

Half an hour, later……………

*014*2022-11-06 08:42

It was their first date, but there was not even a little bit shyness between them and the girl agreed spontaneous that she would stay overnight.

The boy who loved all about peeing, pee holding, bladder torture and girl pee desperation, did never before talk so openly with a girl about peeing and pee holding, as with this girl.

He always wanted make girls hold their full bladder, he always prevented girls from peeing if he had a chance to do that, but this time it was different, it was absolutely new for him that a girl wanted to be forced to hold her wee and that a girl wanted to get tortured.

He loved to have his hand on her smooth, slim, bare thigh, he loved to see her white, little panties and he loved to know that the pretty girl beside him did not wee since yesterday evening and that her bladder inside her slim abdomen must have been very, very full.

Half an hour later they were at the boys parents house.

As soon as they were inside the house the girl pressed her hands between her thighs crossed her legs and said ”Master, may your slave slut piss please? It would be really very urgently!”

”Have you not only yesterday evening urinate?”

It is not necessary that you piss every day, squeeze your cunt together and hold it!

Tomorrow you’ll be allowed to ask again for permission and then we’ll see further.”said the boy.

“Oh no, it will be absolut impossible for me to hold it for so long, my bladder is so full, it will burst if you don’t let me go very soon.”answered the girl.

” Did your former master not teach you to suppress your bodily needs as long as you get ordered to piss and did he not teach you to bear patient the pain of a strong urge , did he not train your slave bladder to contain your urine for minimum one or two days?” asked the boy.

”No i did not get trained that way, but I’ll try my best to be a good slave and to satisfied you master.”answered the girl.

She was a little bit afraid “ did he really want to make her hold it until tomorrow?” she thought to herself.

They went to the living room, she had removed her shoes as they were sitting at a large couch.

She did wear not more than her little summer dress and tiny white panties.

The boy asked her for something to drink and and she answered “ a coke please, but just a small one.” and smiled at him.

The did both know why and the boy thought “ how much more room does she have in her bladder, how much more can it stretch and how much pressure can she endure ?”

As he came back with the drinks from the kitchen she was lying on the couch with her legs bare up to her panties.

He could not wait to see her naked and started to strip her dress. She did let him do it, but as he wanted to pull her panties down she said “later.”

Except that little panty she was totally naked and he could see this wonderful body the first time nearly nude.

He was totally overwhelmed and he was horny as hell.

Without to think he expressed his thoughts and his feelings and said „girl you are so great, you are so pretty, you are so sexy your body is simply gorgeous and that big „peeball „ inside your belly is horniness pure for me.

If i could create a girl for myself, it would look absolutely like you.“

Except his undies, he had stripped his clothes too and he started to kiss her and to caress her body, especially the little bulge above her little panties.

He pressed and pushed on her visible swollen bladder until the girl was moaning from needing to wee so bad.

“You don’t honestly think that i can hold my pee back until tomorrow?“ You don’t really believe that i am able to bear that?“she asked.

“ You made me promise to you that i don’t let you pee in my home.“ the boy answered.

“But, but i did not know to that time that i would stay overnight. Look at my bladder how full it is, it is already bulging out from my belly. I did not wee since 20 hours and i need to go really, really bad (good ).

Is that not enough for you?“ she asked.

“No, no, absolutely no!! It is not enough for me , you wanted to have tears in your eyes from needing to pee so bad and i think I’ll not let you pee although if you have tears in your eyes.“ the boy said and pressed hard on her poor very, very full girl bladder.

