Boring Little Secret (Chapter Two)

Author: HissGenerator

*000*2022-03-19 06:56

Chapter Two

“He-hey, what’s going on, another day to talk away? Work’s boring as usual—“

“That’s not true! You must’ve met John yesterday—I’m Alexis, by the way—he always nagging that work’s boring but I think that’s because he’s boring, with all his khakis and technical talk.”

“Well, that’s who I am, and it’s not boring: it’s professional. I see you have your book with you, why don’t you go read your book.”

“Yeah, yeah, whatever..”

Anyways, there she goes off with her walk.. again.. Oh!, that reminds me, when I was on the bus yesterday, she squirmed like she had done so previously. When it was her stop, as she was getting off, she kept walking—you know, the way she walks—and I saw her trip when she placed her right foot in a hole in the sidewalk. Her foot got stuck and she tripped and fell. I quickly got up and asked the bus driver to let me out.

I ran to her to make sure she was okay. She fell on both knees, ripped her jeans and scraped them. But, and unfortunately and embarrassingly, there was a huge wet spot in her crotch area. I guess she must’ve peed a little when she fell. Luckily, the sun was going down and there wasn’t much people in the street, but, still, I took my jacket and wrapped it around her waste.

She was extremely grateful, but also clearly embarrassed—she could not look me in the eye as I was talking to her. It was a little odd, actually, since this is the first time I saw her shy in front of me, as if all her confidence disappeared. I thought she’d brush it off, as she brushed off my first encounter with her. But she didn’t.

I offered to walk her home, to which she insisted that I not, and that she was fine; but felt I could not leave her with scraped knees, and insisted I walk her home. As we walked, I noticed she was still desperate for the bathroom, squirming and bumping her knees together to cope, but she also limped from the pain in her knees. I told her if she could not make it, then she’d have to go in the woods, to which she punched me in the arm, saying: “with all your technical talk yet you still say dumb things.” But I knew she knew, if it came down to it, she’d have no choice.

Anyways, we made it to her place. She went into her bag to get her keys, but she couldn’t find them—she looked everywhere, but, still, could not find them. At this point, she started hopping on one foot and then the other, with one hand between her upper thighs, and the other searching through her bag.

“Oh no, you must’ve dropped them back there, when you fell.”

“Oooh! Ugh, what can I do now, I have to pee really badly! I need to find those fuckin’ keys!..

“Well, that’s probably why you should’ve used the bathroom instead of reading—“

“Are you seriously doing this now?! You’re being petty now?”

As I’m thinking whether I should sprint back to where she fell or entertain finding a spot for her to go, she is now grabbing her crotch tightly with both hands pulling upwards, moaning lightly at every urge nagging her, and biting her lips—so hard she could chew them off; and in that moment I realize that it’s turning me on.

I just stood there and stared for a few seconds; entertaining the idea of her wetting herself even more, to see her let go her bottom lip, jaw slowly drop and her eyes roll up, moaning: all in the sweet ecstasy of release—but I snap back to reality, noticing I’m dangerously harboring a noticeable chub, and quickly tell her to go to woods by her house.

She exclaims a firm no:

“Come on, John, are you serious?! Let’s not joke around now, please!”

“But I’m serious: if I run back to where you fell you might not make it by the time I get back, but if you go to the woods, you’ll have time to make it.”

“Ugh.. John I’m not going—“

She lets out a subdued moan, and a few drops of pee leave her hands, one clasped over the other, tightly against her crotch.

“Ar—are you peeing yourself?! Come on, go to the woods. Do I literally have to drag you by the hand—yes, I guess I have to now, then.”

When I grabbed her left arm, whose hand is so tightly jammed in her crotch, it slipped out and I saw it glistening in the sunset: she literally just leaked right in front of me. And for a split-second I thought to just leave her there in her desperation; just abandon her as she slowly loses control.. but my brain snaps me back to reality.

We have to go to the woods nearby.

I brought her to the woods, and kept my distance for privacy, but she insisted that I stay close to her, since she said she was afraid.. So I could hear her unloading her bladder: the hiss—pulse-like at first as she is hesitant and embarrassed, but grew louder and continuous as her confidence grew—hits the moist, leaf-covered ground; the leaves crinkling as her jet stream crunches them into pieces; the sweet sound of piss gushing into a newly-formed puddle of pee; and her sigh of relief, as she moans and moans.. her piss gushing out, in a prolonged hiss, that gradually lowers in pitch as the piss puddle deepens and ultimately quiets until a few dribbles remain; she lets out a moan in relief and ends in an orgasmic hum, a song powerful enough to blow a load right then and there.

If I could just see her slide her peed jeans back up, soaking up any remaining drops..

I was thankful I was at least close enough to hear it, but far enough to hide the throbbing wood in my pants. Luckily, I was wearing khakis.

As I was waiting for her to finish, I was looking away toward the road in the distance. She snuck up from behind me and scared the ever-living shit out of me, tripping over a branch and falling on my wood—instant boner killer. But at the very least convenient enough for me to not have to actively hide it.

“‘The fuck, Alexis!”

As I’m writhing in pain, she sees that I’m holding my crotch.

“Holy shit, guys, John actually knows how to curse. See, you’re not so boring after all. Huh, why are you holding your dick—“

“Because you fucking scared me, I tripped and fell, and a branch poked me—ahhhghghgh.”

“Ooooh, sssss, I’m sorry, need any hel—“

“No, no! Just wait until I can find my balls..”

As I was laying there on the ground waiting for the pain in my lower abdomen to pass, I noticed a huge, dark and wet, patch on her crotch. It was larger than when she had leaked when she fell, it’s circumference going to the bottom edges of her front pockets, her tightly pressed hands forcing her piss to the front of her crotch. And when she occasionally turned around, I saw there were dark patches below her butt cheeks and going up her butt crack—as painful as the fall, I could still feel some inkling of getting hard, but the pain quickly overtook it.

“Wow.. looks like Alexis likes wetting herself: bookworm by day, pants wetter by night: ‘Alex-is the pants-wetter—haha!”

Her face got red quickly, and she stammered—this totally shocked me: I was expecting a clever response, but she just went into shy-mode again. She bat her eyes away to the side and started biting her left index fingernail. This is a side of her I’ve never seen before. Where is the confident Alexis I see everyday at work and on the bus? She just stands there shy and embarrassed, her thighs together and shins slightly apart, her feet pointing slightly inwards. And a dark wet spot at her crotch. And peculiarly enough, she is not trying to hide it from me.. yet she is totally lost for words..

“Welp, looks like the pain is gone..”

As I get up, she grabs my hand to help lift me up. We walk together to her place. I told her to wait by her door as I go back to where she fell, to get her keys; and lo and behold, they’re there on the grass by the cracked sidewalk.

She opens her door, and before she enters, she thanked me and gave me a long hug. Long enough for some of the wetness in her jeans to transfer to my khakis and warm them enough for my skin to feel it. But she doesn’t notice and goes inside.

So, yeah, it’s amazing how she hasn’t brought any of that up to me all day; just going about her day as if nothing happened yesterday. That was such a strange yet arousing encounter, I wonder why she didn’t bother hiding it from—oh shit, that’s my bus—Alexis, that’s our bus! Hey, listen, it was good seeing and talking you today. I’ll see you next week!

