Toilet or Cinema !!?

Author: huberp76

*000*2023-05-18 19:43

A very dominant boy invited his new girlfriend to the cinema.

They had a little dinner before.

The boy did get in the line to buy the tickets, the girl said that she I’ll go to the toilet in the meantime.

” You will not go! Said the boy.

”Why not ask the girl.”

You can choose movies or toilet.” said the boy energetic.

“ I don’t understand exactly how you mean that.” asked the girl.

”That is very simple to understand, if you go to the toilet, we don’t go to the cinema. you can choose what you want more.“ Replied the boy.

“But i need to wee! Why should i not go?“asked the girl.

“I know that you need to wee and i love it! I love it if girls need to go , but put it off! I love it if girls hold a full bladder.“ said the boy.

“ I have not weed since noon, i would really need to go, but I’ll hold it back if you like it.“ answered the girl.“ But how long?“ she asked a little bit worried.

“I don’t know, but let us go inside. I think popcorn and a coke will be good for us!!?“ said the boy.

He was not really interested at the film, he just wanted to spend time with his girl and it was arousing for him to know that she was needing to pee.

He wanted to see her fighting against her urge and he wanted to see how she press her thighs together.

She should drink and hold!!!

A cinema is a good occasion for to make girls desperate.

“I need to wee so bad.“ she whispered in his ear.

„I know it and i love it! he answered.

