Trapped in shorts with no chance to pee

Author: huberp76

*000*2021-09-09 01:10

Animated from “chain and lock belt” in omorashi general, I’ll write a little story.

A girl has a new boyfriend. She is some years younger than he, but she is very maturely and open minded despite her age.

He is surprised as she asked him already after a few weeks dating if he has special sex habits and if there is something what would be especially arousing for him.

He was surprised but he told her spontaneous that it is like a arousal turbo for him if a girl holds her pee, or has to hold her pee until she gets really desperate.

Also spontaneous the girl asked “should i hold it for you? I am good in peeholding and my bladder is pretty strong. In school i did not go all day, i always did hold it until i was at home.”

Again surprised asked the boy “would you really do that for me?”

The girl wanted to impress her new friend and told him that she would like hold it for him and that would not go to the loo all day long.

She told him that he should make a schedule and that he should tell her how he would like it.

He said that he has a particular imagination and told her that he would like to make a day trip, a car ride with her, from morning to evening and she should not go to the toilet during the trip.

He said that he would like to make a kind of guarantee that she don’t go from leaving home until arriving home and he wants to assure himself that he does not get weak and let her wee if she would needing it very bad and that he has a special idea.

She should wear a short and tight jeans short , he would put a thin rope in the loop around her waist and then he would put a padlock on so that she can get her short down to take a wee.

The girl agreed and told him that she would do that for him and that it would not be a problem for her, don’t go all day long.

On the special day they did get up at 7.30. The girl did take her last pee and did put her little short on. He fixed the rope around her waist and closed the padlock. Then he said that he would leave the key at home, for guarantee and insurance that she can’t get her panties down how bad it ever would get and that she could not ask him for the key, because that would be at home.

The girl said that would not be a problem for her, her bladder can endure a lot and it can get really big if she get forced to.

The young man loved to hear that, he was totally excited and aroused from this situation.

To see his young, pretty girlfriend with her extra small and denim shorts with her sexy, nude legs and to know that she would hold her wee all day long inside her slim body.

To know that she would absolutely have no chance to wee, that there would be only two opportunities, either to hold it back how bad it ever will get, or to wet her panties.

She can’t get her shorts down over her thighs, not even to squat anywhere when she think that she can’t stand it anymore. She simply has to stand it and to endure it, there would be no other way for her.

This little bit of fabric between her thighs, above her girl slit could easily get to a painful torture for her bladder, she had to keep this fabric dry and her bladder had to stretch, if necessary to the size of a melon.

He was so turned on that he could not hide the bulge in his shorts.

”I see you really like that!” the girl said, smiled and looked between his thighs.

“Oh yes, i love it and i am sure that we will have a great day together.” he answered.

The boy did not know much about the holding performance from his new girlfriend, he did not know how long she really could endure not to wee and so he did take a “safety key “ in his pocket, but he did not tell it to the girl.

They had some destinations before noon and went for a lunch at about 1 pm.

They did not talk about peeing and holding until that time, but before they did leave the restaurant, the girl lifted her shirt and showed the boy her nude abdomen.

She did massage her belly and said “my bladder is already pretty full.”

The boy could see the little padlock and he could see that her belly was not as flat as usual.

“Do you need to wee?”he asked libidinous.

”Yes, i would, but don’t worry, i don’t go.” said the girl.

”I don’t worry, because you can’t. Have you forgotten that you are trapped in your little shorts.” answered the young man and pointed to the padlock.

Then he asked her if it would be urgently.

The girl told him that it is like it always was after after lunch in the school, she was needing to go but could wait hours until she was at home.

“Do you want to drink some more?” he asked for a special reason.

The girl did know the reason too and said “ i see you want to test my ability to hold it and my bladder control. You would like to see me really desperate!?It will be a long time until i can go, that can get critical for me, but i drink for you and I’ll hold it for you, but that can get dangerous, what are we doing if i can’t hold it any longer? If i piss my pants, that would be a shame for both of us?”

“Oh no, you won’t do that, you are a strong girl and you told me that you are good in pee holding. Show me how good you are.” replied the young man.

”One more question.” said the girl.” We did not talk about how long do i have to hold it. When do you bring me home. When do i get the key that i can pull my shorts down to finally pee? I must adapt myself how long i have to violate and to rape my poor bladder the girl asked.

“Oh that sounds so good if you talk like that about your bladder. I would love to stay out all night. but in reality i did not think about that when we are going back home, but in sufficient time before you piss yourself.“ answered the boy, with a big smile.

The girl was needing to wee and did not know how much longer she had to hold it back.

He absolutely loved this situation, would she be able to endure it until home, what else should she do, there will be no other way for her, than to hold it.

That all thought the boy for himself.

He is not really a sadist, he really like his new girlfriend, but he had to use this situation to make her wait and desperate, because he like that so much and it is turning him on so much.

Some hours later they stopped at a coffee shop, for coffee and cake.

The girl pressed her naked thighs together and smiled.

”Is it already so bad?” he wanted to know. “Oh yes, it is.My bladder is big as a soccer ball by now.” she said and lifted again her shirt to show him her swollen abdomen.

It was clearly more swollen than at lunch and the contours of her bladder were visible.

The boy was getting hard just from the view and the imagination how much urine she is holding inside.

She asked how long it would take to get home from here and the boy told her that it would last about two hours.

It would be time to go because two hours are really long time for a girl who needs to pee like she does, she told him and he agreed to go.

He did not really wanted to bring her home, he did not really wanted to let her wee so soon.

He always did like to prolong the holding time for a girl and make her wait longer.

A girl could never wait and hold it long enough for him and the girls could never need to wee strong and bad enough for him.

His girlfriend should think that she can finally pee in a little bit more than two hours, but he did not wanted to let her.

He did not drive straight home, he went to an old castle for visiting.

”That is not fair.” said the girl “you know that i am needing to wee so bad and then you bring me hither.”

”That’s the reason why we are her, to make you hold longer.You told me that you did hold it all day at school.”said the man.

”Yes, from morning until late afternoon, until i was at home, but never until evening.” answered the girl.

After one hour visiting, they were back in the car. The girl was needing to wee really bad by now and asked how long it would last until they would be at home.

A little bit longer than one hour, said the boy, he did not tell her that he would not go home straight away.

Again the girl thought she had to endure it only one more hour and then she could take a much needed pee, but the young man prolonged her holding time again.

He stopped at a restaurant for a dinner. The girl was desperate about that, her bladder was full to burst, her urge was already painful and he stopped for something to eat.

“She did not pee since nearly 13 hours, she never before did hold it for so long and never before she was needing to pee so bad, he should bring her home.” she begged.

The boy did not even to think about that, he never before had the chance to go with a girl who is bursting to pee in a restaurant and she would not go to the toilet.

Sometimes before, when other girls were needing to wee on the way home, he did not stop anywhere to prevent that the girl could wee.

If he wanted to make them wait, he could not stop, but now it was different. They stopped and the girl went past the toilet and could not use it, because she could not get her shorts down.

“ Would you need to go inside?“ teased her the boy.

They had to eat and he made her to drink although her bladder was near to explode. Then they went again past the toilet to the car.

Over one hour she had her sexy naked legs tight crossed and one hour she told him how bad and painful she would need to wee.

On the way to the house she could not even walk upright, she was bending over with one hand between her thighs.

He went to the kitchen for a measuring cup, then he tuck the key from his pocket, she saw it and said “you are cruel, you always had the key in your pocket and you did let me suffer so bad.”

He opened the padlock and meanwhile he did it, he pressed hard on her swollen bladder.

Actually he wanted to talk her to his sleeping room, he wanted to fuck her on her bursting full bladder, but she was no more able to uncross her legs without to piss at the moment.

He pulled down her shorts and could see how swollen her belly was and how much her bladder was bulging out.

She pissed with high pressure and was groaning all the time she peed. There was exactly 1.200ml hot wee in the cup.

”Are you satisfied, have i the test passed?” she wanted to know.

”You was absolutely great and fantastic, i really, really loved it!” said the boy and kissed her.

“It was a great challenge for me, my bladder was on the limit and i was at the limit of my endurance, but we can do it again.“ said the young girl.

*004*2021-09-11 11:02

{{16 hours ago, Somenonymous said:

Yes very good story again. Will there be a part 2?

}}

Thank you for your compliments, a am glad that you like my stories.

I did not think about to write a second part, but maybe I’ll do it. The boy should challenge the girls bladder again.He should test her holding ability and her endurance.

Would be great if she would not be allowed to take her morning pee, she should put on her little shorts with the padlock when her bladder is already full.

*006*2021-09-13 14:44

{{On 9/9/2021 at 3:08 PM, Peter-P said:

That was a great story again, Huber

I am glad, that I re-entered the board!

}}

Thank you for your compliment, i am glad that you like my stories and i am glad that you are back at this board.

*007*2021-09-13 17:30

{{On 9/12/2021 at 12:29 PM, Peter-P said:

Would be nice to give her additional pressure by a hidden (or openly worn?) tight and strong teaining corset - such kind of, which got/gets used to build wasp waists to women who like/d that. Victorian's times are history, but for fetish you can still buy it. Not a weak fashion corset, but a strong training corset. And this pulled tight over an obviously bulging bursting bladder is a fantasy of a woman with an unbreakable bladder in a hard test of extreme ability...

}}

Tell us please more about your imaginations and conceptions what you would like to do with that corset.

I think that this corset should press the girls bladder back in her abdomen, or better the bladder should not be able to bulging out. If there will be no more room in the girls belly and if the growing bladder can’t bulging out, then the pressure must get higher and higher and the girls need and urge must get stronger and stronger.

Is it that what you want? That the girls bladder gets extra tortured due to the pressure from outside.

I like it to put external pressure on a girls overfilled bladder, i love it to press and to push with my hand on her bladder to make her urge stronger.

*009*2021-09-14 18:37

{{On 9/11/2021 at 7:31 AM, wether said:

1200 ml, quite a lot for a girl

}}

Oh yes, you are right!

1200ml is quite a lot for a girl, but in my imagination has a girl have to have a large and a strong bladder.

A girl should be able to go all day without to go, she should be able to hold it back for hours more, even her bladder has becoming so big that it is bulging out.

Do you remember at the magazine „ WetSet“, there was a Club it was called

1 Liter Club. The members were all able to hold minimum 1 liter (1000ml) in their bladders.

They meant that would be a especially performance to be able to hold so much.

I think that is not really much!?

*010*2021-09-15 09:50

{{On 9/13/2021 at 9:08 PM, Peter-P said:

My suggestion was to press the already bulging bladder back into her belly.

But a first training step before doing so the first time, could be to restrict the space by a corset before the bulge develops.

But about the final way to press the already bulging bladder back into the belly (1st paragraph here):

Of cause you cannot press a 4"+ prominent bulging bladder into a wasp waist and flat or pressed in belly...!

But it is possible to squeze a lightly bulging bladder that much back into the belly, that it expands in all possible other ways (up to a little above the navel and more to the sides and front even at the upper to top area of the bladder.

[ Fluid cannot be compressed to a lower volume (hydraulic). That is only possible with gases (pneumatic) or with solid matter (just normal solid natter compression). ]

Normally the bladder first starts to expand as an upright positioned elipsoid like kinda egg standing on its top. It expands more and more and when it reaches the navel area by the time of filling further, it starts to change to kinda ball more and more. And of cause it bulges out more and mode visible, already after it was still below the navel.

The visibility is also a matter of abs muscles and fat covering the bladder ball inside the belly.

So before the bladder fills all available space, you can press it back Info the restricted room inside the belly.

And every change of the natural Form or the normal filling form gives extra pressure in the bladder walls an the sphincters.

Sphincters in plural, as there is an inner - involuntary - sphincter, which automatically opens after a special filling level. This one can hold (a limited) pressure for a very long time due to the structure of the muscle. (Like the heart muscle also doesn't get sore after a single full day's work. But the second, the outer sphincter muscle is a will controlled muscle and gets sore after some time.

So after the inner sphincter gives in after some filling, the outer sphincter has to work hard - even with it's limited holding time, but it still holds clamped shut, as your willpower can overdoe the filling and stretching point the automatic one already did open.

But now you need good training, as the deliberate acting 2nd sphincter gets sore and tired...

That is the background knowledge. The art of restricting the bladder in the corset now is to press and restrict space in a way that the inner sphinter is switched off early and the pressure reaches the highest possible level soon, instead of a slowly building up growing pressure.

The corset has in ideal case to be tightened in that moment the bladder reached it's maximum size - in relation to it's planned space. It shall be morphed by the inner pressure in a maximum way, but also squezed back the optimal way.

Short: It shall be both formed and restricted - the way the effect is worst. The effect of bladder wall stretching and fluid pressure onto the tiring sphincter.

I hope I wrote it in an understandable way.

}}

Hi Peter!

Thank you for your perfect expertise!

Could you tell me please the reason why exactly you like to press a bulging girl bladder with a corset back in her abdomen.

I can understand that it is arousing for you. because it would be for arousing me too, but what especially?

Do you like to torture the girls bladder?

To force the bladder walls to stretch and to make the bladder fill more room inside the girls abdomen?

Do you like to force open the inner sphincter so that the girl is forced to hold it with her 2nd sphincter, that means with all her body and her willpower?Do you like to make her urge stronger and to make her already bad need to pee worser?

What exactly do you like about it?

I love the part where you wrote “The visibility is also a matter of abs muscles and fat covering the bladder ball inside the belly.”

I love it if the girl is very slim (thin, skinny) then she doesn’t have much belly fat, there is nearly only the skin over her bladder. If you press with your hand in her abdomen you can feel the contours of her full bladder, you can feel the hardness and if she has to hold it longer, you can see her bladder growing out of her belly, from hipbone to hipbone and up to her navel, you can see exactly the contours.

You wrote it so great in your story (experience) “Bladder Queen “ how you massaged the overfilled bladder of your Queen.

I absolutely love it, to feel a overfilled girl bladder and to press, to push on it and to massage it.

*012*2021-09-15 12:04

{{26 minutes ago, Peter-P said:

Yes, that is a great feeling and Veronica also enjoyed it, when she had calmed down her bladder and I let all her pee slosh in her in this phase relaxed bladder! She got aroused and hot within a second...! The best way to get a strong bladdered woman to sex in no time. Like a racing car: 0 to 250 in just a second.

And to answer your question about the corset:

I adore women holding to extreme and I like to make it even worse to get witness of the most extreme hold ever.

But it is important no play your lovely 'toy' broken by exaggerating the game...!

}}

So great that Veronika did also enjoy it and that you both did get aroused from the same situation.

I absolutely like your last sentence “don’t play your lovely toy broken “.

I agree absolutely with you, i can’t get enough from a girls pee urge, she never can need to wee bad enough, she can never hold it long enough, her bladder can never be full-overfilled- enough for me, but i never want to do a girl harm, or i never want to hurt her.

I always said “ a bladder is absolutely the greatest sextoy for me!”

To overfill a girls bladder and to torture it, is absolutely hot, but like you wrote “don’t play it broken.”

