Rush or Gush

Author: HissGenerator

*000*2022-05-01 06:30

###

Hello everyone, I’ve been working on this story for a few days and realized that I’m going to make it a two-parter because I feel that it’s a bit long. But also because the second part is a little more sexually explicit and wanted to know if folks would want to read it — I know some prefer wetting with seldom sexually explicit behaviors and others who do prefer it outright — so I’ve decided to leave it out until folks actually do look forward to reading more.

Moreover, delaying the second part allows me more time to detail its content, which will inextricably make it even longer — but, hey, the more detail, the better. The details will focus mostly on explicating, to the best of my knowledge and empathy, the internal sensations of the characters.

Thanking for clicking on and reading this story. I hope you enjoy it.

Edit history: fixing missed typos and/or contradictions.

—HG

P.S. Of course, I was super desperate while writing this, why wouldn’t I be? I made sure to pull up a chair into the bathtub, sit down and wonderfully release it all into my black leggings! *Wink**Wink*###

Rush or Gush

Riley and Taylor burst out of their car. Riley recklessly discarded it halfway in the driveway and halfway on the front lawn of their home, leaving behind her driver’s door swung wide open.

Taylor sprints the front door and struggles to yank the keys from her pocket, her right hand wrangling with the tight entry of her front right pocket. She advantageously positions herself — leaning her left body against the door frame — to guarantee her first entry upon the door flying open, imminently. She, extremely desperate for a pee, nervously fiddles with her bundle of keys chained together, looking for the key to ultimately relieve herself inside. She presses her petite thighs together and hops a light march in place; her washed, skintight light-blue jeans audibly swishing out from the friction between her thighs.

Riley, upon noticing Taylor’s shrewd maneuvers, thrusts Taylor aside right-wards, stealing her place—

“Get out of the way, you’re blocking the lock so I can open the door!”, Taylor throwing attitude at her.

“What, so that you can get to the toilet first—I see the trick you’re pulling!”, Riley mocks, thinking she’s got her all figured out.

“H-He—Move. Out. Of. TheeeEEE.. WAY!”, Taylor slamming and raising her voice into Riley at the front door with every word, the last of which she harshly shoves her elbow hard into her right side, pushing her aside, leftwards, and out of the way, regaining her ground.

Riley, thrusted into an imbalance and about to tip over falling onto her left, swiftly shifts her right leg behind her left, as if to achieve a supportive lunge and catch her balance, instead bumps it into her left leg and tips over, quickly twisting her back to the momentum of the fall, fear-dribbling a leak mid-flight on the way down.

She gasps a sharp puff of air through teeth as her butt plops itself harshly onto the concrete, the latter transferring her butt-force momentum back into her pelvis whilst the momentum of her rib cage comes springing downwards simultaneously against the bloated bladder lodged therein, causing her tender belly to protrude anteriorly: it forcefully squirts out her panty-less opening a hissy stream of piss through the fabric of her light-grey leggings; its stream so swift it goes right through the fabric and audibly sprays the concrete with a forward hose-like spatter, out from between her spread slim thighs.

She swiftly stoops her head and, lifting her white shirt slightly — exposing her pale yet red-tinged swollen waist — to clearly glance below, dropping her jaw at the sudden and uncontrollable flood of warmth following her hard squirt engross the sides of her crotch, unable to close her flood gates as she so desperately tried. She feels her warmth slow down, through her half-flexed sphincter, to an erratic flow of urination while she tried to cease it, growing from the tiny wet patch the hard-squirt shot therefrom into a shiny dark pad-sized splotch painted over her crotch, subtly flowing upwards just short of her bare-shaven pubic bone while it flows down into her butthole and crack, and slightly outwards down the inseams of her upper thighs.

Her yellow stream visibly flowing out of her dark splotch-covered crotch like the weak stream of a water fountain spout barely flowing and dribbling back on itself. The concrete below her accepts the contents of her glittering gooch, darkening a basketball-wide circular pool of bright yellow beneath her pelvis.

Riley, shocked by the jolt of the fall and, upon realizing she’s letting out too much in her confounding, snaps back and forcefully ceases her urination, hurting her urethra as it burns at the base and angrily exclaims: “Taylor, you made me damn pee myself, what the hell?!?!”

“Hey! I told you to get out of the way—you were in the way of opening the fuckin’ door! You get what you get!”, she mockingly sneers while arms in a cross. She quickly forgets her, focusing her attention onto the locked door. She distinguishes her key, frantically and uncoordinatedly smashing the tip of the key in the periphery of the hole before shoving it in precisely, turning it open.

Riley, frustrated by her remarks, swiftly thrusts herself forward with her arms — feeling the cool outside air rush into her soaked-hot crotch and buttocks — bolts into Taylor, slamming her against the door and simultaneously swinging it open with her force, sprinting towards the bathroom. Her behind dons a large dark circular splotch fully encompassing both her crescents up to the mouth of her crack.

Taylor is shoved into the doorknob, taken aback and caught off-guard by Riley’s frustrated efforts, impaling her behind forcefully into the doorknob: the pain of which jolts her aching bladder in an unwelcome shock and she releases a considerable spurt into her pad — too fast for absorption as it bursts out the sides and into her dark-pink lace panties. She tugs her crotch upwards at her pubic area with her left hand, stooping her head forwards for a glance, witnessing the blue patch at the apex between her upper thighs contrasting with the dry light-blue.

“What the.. fff—UGH!, that b—RILEY!. Okay, two can play at this game—“, she angrily mutters through her grinding teeth.

Taylor regains her balance, harshly chucks her keys at Riley’s jiggling wet butt cheeks as target practice, but misses while chasing behind her towards the bathroom.

Riley makes it to the bathroom first, quickly turning around to smash its door shut, but fails as Taylor prevents its closing with the right foot she stretches between it and the door frame, catching her white Converse in the midst of her hard slam.

“AH!!”, she cries out, the pain once again jolting her bladder into a frenzy: it forces aloud and out of her another spurt, hissing into her pad, warming her crotch and leaking out into her panties and jeans. She feels her warmth slip down the inseams of her upper thighs and flow backwards into her butthole.

She gasps at Riley: “UGH, you made me pee.. AGAIN!—“

“That’s what you fucking get!”, Riley mockingly and maniacally laughs in her face through the slightly opened door.

She twists her neck back to the right, glancing at the toilet, and quickly thrusts her fingers into the waist of her leggings ready to drop them while push her body against the door, but carelessly relinquishes some of her pushing force. Taylor harshly shoves, using the weight of the right side of her body, into her through the door she thought she effectively defended.

Catching her off-guard, Riley is shoved, her right side thrusted towards the sink and she quickly twisting herself to land on her backside, the force her movement loosening her sphincter and she lightly dribbles pee into her leggings once again, feeling her warm pee drops slip down her skin under her cool-wet upper-thigh inseams, a few drops dripping out and below onto her black shoes and the light-blue-tiled floor.

She flails her arms backwards in a semi-windmill fashion whilst tipping and walking backwards on her heels, the sink behind her catching her soaked, slippery butt — she now dribbling drops of pee into the sink, instead. Her arms slam backwards into the wall behind her and back into the mirror, catching her balance. Feeling her loose sphincter, she quickly shoves her left hand into her crotch, massaging away her dribbling self.

Taylor stretches her legs for the toilet, about to turn around to sit down as Riley leaps off the sink and forwards her right leg in a stretch in front her, causing her to trip forward. Taylor, losing her balance lets go of her sphincter. She feels her pee rush into her urethra, but forcefully shuts herself closed whilst throwing her arms in front to mount against the wall, to the righthand side of the toilet, catching herself out of her stumble. She feels whatever leaked slip down and dribble out of her opening: another soft warmth into her pad, this time fully absorbing it.

Riley flings her body forward behind Taylor’s balancing stance, but is swiftly pushed out of the way by Taylor’s backward falling movement, as she maneuvers herself onto the toilet, harshly plopping her buttocks onto the toilet seat, it banging loudly as if sheets of porcelain tiles clacked together. This plop jolts her pelvis into her bladder, coupled with her hunching forward and the tight-buttoned-waist of her jeans squeezing on her belly, forces out of her another squirt into her pad, partially absorbing it and the rest through her panties and into her jeans — she feels her crotch and butthole grow warm once again. A few drops leak through her jeans and tinkle into the toilet water below.

Taylor, having successfully plopping her herself onto the toilet, rushes for her jeans button in order to ultimately slide everything down in one go beneath her, and finish into the toilet bowl what she prematurely started.

Riley moans in an arpeggio, stuttering: “uuUUHHHhhhh, f-fffuck!..”, she glaring desperately at Taylor’s success whilst her bladder expands in her belly. She bites the left corner of her bottom lip whilst thrusting her clasped hands into her soaked crotch, her sphincter twitching and her skin quivering in proportion as she feels the warmth of her soaked throbbing and aching crotch.

Taylor looks at her grinning, mockingly, and purposely slows her unfastening to a pace she can manage just to toy with her.

Riley, feeling her bladder bloat and her belly expand slightly as she fights the contractions to pee, uses her left hand smothered between her right and crotch to finger herself through her leggings in order to quell urge, but it persists. She inserts her middle- and ring-fingers through her leggings into her opening, tugging on herself upwards repeatedly, yet it only continues to grow. She starts hyperventilating, worrying about her imminent release, and moans with every exhalation, picking up and up as her pee draws nearer and nearer to release. She casts her left knee over her right, frantically holding her pee back at her very brink, bobbing up and down at her knees. But her urge continues on, pressing against her sphincter relentlessly.

“Ooooo... stop! Hurry and go!”, she desperately moans at Taylor, panting. She presses her thighs tighter, squishing the hands smothered against her twitching crotch tightly, folding the palms of her hands and shivers violently. She keeps her thighs tightly in place as goosebumps travel down her arms, but as her bursting bladder urges on, her thighs start to twitch: her muscles tiring in their prolonged flex, but she nevertheless forces them to stay tight.

“Nah, I think I’m going to draw this out..”, Taylor slyly remarks, curving a maniacal smile out the left corner of her lip and glares with eyes of fiery intent.

“Oooo! Taylor.. please.. ple—AOooo!”, Riley begs with a moan, then squeals when she feels her restless bladder contract harder, sending shots of pain into her right side whilst she feels a few drops of pee slipping past her tightened sphincter into the slippery, sweaty hot jungle her hands are quarantining between her tiring thighs.

Riley tightly squeezes her eyes and shows her clenching teeth as she gives her all to keep leakage to just those mere drops. She purses her lips, trying to control her breathing, but quickly abandons her strategy, flinging wide her jaw and gasping in air, pausing and stifling her exhaling sighs in a reckless and erratic manner; whilst throwing her right leg in a twist over her left, maintaining her hands, and bending at her left knee up and down.

However, all to no neither avail nor relief, as suddenly she feels her belly bloat against her tender abdomen and tiring sphincter twitch profusely. Her gaping mouth picking up her breathe with faster and faster gasps of air sucking through teeth, she holds her breathe in, whilst the veins in her neck protrude, as her contracting bladder pushes its pee to the very edge of her weakening hold.. a little dribble pushes through.. and a little more—she gushes her exhalation out in growling groan:

“OOOOOoooghghhh! TAYLOR, PL—EASE! PL—“, her begging cut by her stifled inhalation, followed by a stifled exhaling sigh of struggle, breathing paradoxically:

UH—*gasp*—UH—*gasp*—UH—*gasp*—OOOoooo! GET UP, NOW, PLEASE, G-GET.. SO I CAN QUICKLY PEE—UH—*gasps*—I.. I.. C-C-Can’t..”, Riley’s breathe trembling, her face turning red, breaking a sweat, and her body shaking tremendously whilst her arms shaking forcefully into her pulsatile leaking crotch.

Taylor stares at her in anticipatory silence and wide-eyed, then still toys with her: “That’s right, suffer, that’s what you get for being a little impatient b—“

“mmmmmMmMmMMMMM” — Riley’s desperate humming gradually louder and louder as her pee burningly presses past her hold — AAAAAOOoOOOooOoo!”, Riley belches in a squeal from her hunched position, loud enough to cut her off and shut her up, following with a very sharp-pitched forceful hiss exploding into her smothered hands, it quickly lowers in pitch, garbling, as her hands hold enough hot pee in her crotch to form a sizable puddle therein, then burbles out from between her fingers and audibly sloshes down against the skin of her thighs under the swift dark glow of her leggings, loudly splashing onto her black shoes and the tiled-floor below, spatters drops far enough onto Taylor’s jean cuffs.

“U-U-Uh—UHHHHhhh!”, she stifles out of her mouth as her chest twitches profusely while a nigh-orgasmic release of pee gushes out of her opening; she bends upright and raises her flushed face upwards into the air, her jaw flung open and lips twitching while her eyes closed and head tilted back into her cervical spine. She stands there, her clasped hands frozen in place against her exploding crotch; her left arm, then right knee, and combination of other limbs, sequentially and uncontrollably twitch, cascading all manner of goosebumps across her body as her forceful yellow piss pleasurable gushes out from between her slippery hot hands.

She feels light-headed and her knees grow weak, almost wanting to drop down them whilst unloading her bursting yellow piss out of her.

Her pee utterly explodes everywhere: loudly hissing out in a strong yellow stream from between her slippery fingers, flooding upwards and covering her bare-shaven pubic skin with a smothering of hot piss, her pee audibly sloshing around in her crotch when she slightly adjusts her hands, the soaked fabric cleaving to and separating from, in alternation, her tingling hot skin in an ear-quivering suction; audibly burbling out from her pressed-palms into her upper-thigh inseams, whilst exploding latterly towards her hips to the front of her twitching upper thighs, cascading down across them.

Sloshing down her inner thighs in an eye-dazzling glow of yellow, trickling in a swoosh out the cuffs of her leggings and down her ankles, and into the rapidly growing bright yellow splashed puddle on the floor; whilst seeping into and engulfing the innards of her shoes, turning her white socks into an opaque tinge of pink and yellow transparency; pooling her soles a satisfying puddle of warm pee, sloshing between her wiggling slippery toes therein, peeing forced out the sides of her shoes in a shine thereby. Her pee is simply splashing and spattering everywhere with jetted chaos.

Simultaneously, her cupped hands forcefully guide her flow to her back, filling the crevice of her butthole entirely with hot pee, then traveling up her crack in a glorious shine all the way to mouth of her crack, spilling over onto the roof of her crescent butt cheeks and slipping down across it in waves of pee. Her pee rushing out her perineum, laterally across and under the crescent of her butt cheeks, flowing further laterally and around her lower hips and cascade down the sides of twitching slim thighs, connecting her posterior flood to the anterior darkening flood. The rest of her pee gushes down the back of her thighs and knees — half through the fabric and half streaming along it — falling on to her small calves until it, too, is smothered over by her downward dark flow, pee spreading laterally therein and once again meeting the anterior dark-flowing stream flowing down from her front thighs.

Her desperation and release so strong she soaks the entire circumference of her leggings with a soothing continuous shine of piss: a water-slide of smooth hot pee slipping between her milk-tea skin and leggings, with the exception of the upper waist portion of her leggings. She felt as though her bottom half stepped into a nice, hot jacuzzi.

Though her bottom half already totally engulfed in hot pee, she nevertheless had less than half left in her — her bladder having possessed a gargantuan capacity for retaining pee.

“Pee, little baby, pee your pants”, Taylor toys with her, but also naughtily sneers.

Riley opens her eyes and fixes her face towards her, glaring with eyes of revenge. A sudden idea crosses her mind. She let’s go of her flooding crotch, her hands scattering its drops of pee about, and swiftly walks over to Taylor sitting on the toilet, trailing her steadily-dwindling pissing self across the floor and splashing and spattering along the way..

*001*2022-05-04 02:13

Here is the second part:

###

“U-uhhhhooo, you’re so.. fuckin’.. soaked.. mmmm..”, Taylor pleasurably sighing, feeling a tingle creep up and emerge from the deepest part of her at the sight and empathy of Riley’s shining thighs. Her soaked crotch beckoning at her to be held, and she obliging her so with her right hand against her steadily slowing flow, feeling her warmth oozingly dribble and settle into the palm of her hand, tinkling through her fingers, gently settling on the back of her hand, drip-dropping before her eyes, then gliding down her wrist and forearm, lightly streaming her yellow warmth into the elbow pressed into her right lap.

She feels her front right thigh warm up, Riley’s piss forming a moat of darkness that subtly seeps and spreads in a circular emanation out from beneath her elbow resting on her right thigh.

Riley lolls her head, bending it back into her cervical spine and releasing her jaw: letting out a soft pleasurable moan then muffling it through bitten bottom lips. She feels the warmth of Taylor’s pressing hand transfer through her running leggings and convect heat into her tingling dribbling crotch, irradiating rolls of goosebumps therefrom up to her pubic area, waist, and chest, further hardening her already hardened nipples. Her shoulder shivers with a twist, jerking uncontrollably and causing a paresthesia of tingles to emerge from the small of her spine, up across the nape of her neck and stand the hairs on the back of her head.

Facing Taylor, and now weak in the knees, she spreads her dribbling thighs open and limply plops herself forward onto her.

Taylor immediately feels her upper thighs warm up as her pressing soaked leggings transfer the heat of its tender skin and piss deep into her light-blue jeans.

“Ahhh! Wait, no, you’re getting get me more wet—“, she astoundingly lets out.

“I don’t fuckin’ care”, Riley giggling.

She wraps her arms around Taylor, smothering her in a tight hug, and mumbles a pleasurable moan over into her left ear when she feels Taylor’s body press against her. Her crotch presses against Taylor’s hands, trapping and forcing them into place between her soaking crotch and Taylor’s belly.

“Ooooohiimmmmmmm..”, Riley moans as she relinquishes the rest of her nigh-empty bladder, her torso shivers and goosebumps roll down the nape of her neck and spine. Her eyes daze below, eyelids droop, and rests her chin on Taylor left shoulder in relief.

“Wait, wait, please.. you’re gonna—*long gasp*—Oh my, you’re.. you’re peeing on my hands.. —Uhhh-h-h-hhhh..”, Taylor’s sigh hitches, after acquiescing to her predicament, feeling the creep of her tingle emerge stronger out of her crotch as she feels her trapped hands feel Riley’s warm glow slowly flow out of her crotch, overriding her protest and placing a tight knot beneath her sternum: her heart excites and chest straitens.

Riley, notices her acquiescence, and releases her tightened hug:

“Oooooggghhh!, you’re so fucking hot, you know that? I thought this’d annoy you.. damn it..”

She, floored by Taylor’s accepting nature, quickly covers her with neck-tantalizing smooches, spruced with occasional pecking nibbles, upon the left side of her neck.

Taylor feels her sensitive skin irradiate waves of goosebumps down her torso therefrom, ringing her below, she feels herself thicken.

Meanwhile Riley slides her slippery right hand up to her right breast — smearing her wet hands up her torso and Taylor feeling the coolness of that smudged wetness evaporating off her tenderness — and yanking her pink bra upwards dislodging her right breast, fondling it; whilst caressing beneath her shirt her lumbar spine up to the small of her back with the four fingers of her left hand.

“Mmmm..” — Taylor softly moans into her closed lips and out her nose, her head dizzyingly lolling back and she struggling to speak — “..I n-need to pee, Riles, l-let.. let me p-p-pee and then www-we can continue—“, Taylor attempting to stop her, placing her right hand between Riley’s breasts and lightly pushing her away, but Riley pushes back in closer and interrupts into the side of her neck:

“What, you’re already wet — I’m literally soaking you’re jeans as we speak, I can even hear some of it fall into the toilet bowl now”, to which Taylor abandons her pushing resistance, mesmerized by her soft, wet lips sending tingles into her crotch. Riley resuming, re-attaching her lips onto her sensitive neck, Taylor feeling its tingling resuming its ringing bells in her crotch.

“Uhoo.. Uhoo, Uhoo.. Uhhhhhmmm..”, — she releases repetitive faint moans followed by a heavily exhaled sign, gradually muffled behind closing lips, then continues — “..mmmm.. I—*sigh*.. I—*sigh*.. *gasp, brief pause, release:* uhh.. *deep inhale, deep exhale:* ooooohhhmmmm.. fiinnnnemmmm..”, Taylor hardly able to output a coherent word in the sea of moans Riley teases out of her enflamed chest while fondling her breasts beneath her shirt, Taylor acquiescing once again.

Taylor responsively tightens her cupping against Riley’s crotch over her wet leggings, her fingers superficially grappling her penetrative entrance as a pivoting hook for effectively rubbing down her palm into her hood and repetitively clamping her hand like one who gestures: ‘come closer’ with all four fingers. Riley cutely squeals, feeling her crotch approve of the maneuver whilst finishing the minute remnants of her bladder. Taylor feels Riley’s crotch pucker three times in the palm of her hand, she tightening her sphincter as the last few drops willingly ooze out of her, then feels her crotch expand as she forces out any remaining drops left behind. Her crotch finally quivers with satisfying completion and Riley’s body violently shivers thereby in an upwards sequential fashion.

She can’t help but cutely giggle then lets out a relieving sigh, pleasurably squirming her supple waist and hips into Taylor with ecstatic accomplishment whilst biting on the whole of her bottom lip, releasing them in a fling and imprinting them with teeth marks.

Taylor lips slightly open, hovering, as she feels Riley’s piss-soaked leggings transfer her warmth onto the skin of her thighs and her drops of pee slip down beneath her jeans into her inner thighs and to the back of them, drip-dropping into the toilet water below: “bloop.. bloop.. bleep, bloop.. bloop..” Her skin so tender and sensitive, privying her to the minutest of sensations, even down to Riley’s remaining drops of pee sliding down her legs. Merely recognizing the reality of Riley’s relief unloaded onto her sensitive thighs hitches her breath as her chest bursts aflame, convecting its heat down her waist and engorging her crotch with a tantalizing expansion. Her bladder tingles for release, but it only floors her further with smothering tingles below her bladder.

Taylor presses the palm of her hand into her, massaging in circles her freshly soaked warm crotch through her leggings, keeping her engorged, tender skin warm despite the absence of warm pee, she letting out another soft pleasurable squeal burst through her smooching lips into Taylor’s throat while snogging it.

Riley forsakes her breasts and caressing her sensitive tender belly. She dips two fingers under her buttons jeans waist, teasing and sliding those fingers along her fragile waist, then meets back at her jeans button and unbuttons — which Taylor forgot to do so when she was so mesmerized by Riley’s explosive incontinence just moments ago. She twists her wrist so that her palm cups her tender bare skin, pointing her fingers downwards towards the hood yearning to be petted.

Taylor, squints her eyes at Riley’s teasing tension and bites her button lower lips, holding back her moan.

Riley continues, slowly teasing her fingers, centimeter-by-centimeter, closer and closer to her glans, eventually reaching thus: sliding her warm right hand over her engorged hood, feeling her pulsating, soaked, warm and irradiating skin quiver at her touch and pucker, then subtly expand: yearning to be filled with her fingers, while the back of her hand presses against her wet puffy pad.

Upon connecting with her hood, Taylor’s eyelids limp, drooping as if high on weed, and head fully lolls back. Her jaw uncontrollably gapes open, bottom right lip twitches: she is unable to properly exhale her breathe, hitching and stifled as her chest nigh paradoxically respires, hardly letting out a continuous moan but hiccups of a sort.

As Riley teasingly glides her hand further below and over her entrance, she gently pushes the heel of her palm into her enflamed hood then slips her slippery middle- and ring-fingers into her and feels her innards profusely wet and lubricated.

Taylor’s lolled head jerks forwards with indescribable pleasure and she belches out squealing moan through her gaping mouth into the air.

Riley whispers in the most seductive and dirtiest manner into her left ear and exhaling her moist air therein:

“UOhhhhmmmmhh.. you’re so FUCKIN’ warmmhh.. and so soaked for me.. hhhhooh.. but I want you flaming hhhot..”, — Riley uttering her desire through her teeth while nibbling on Taylor’s left earlobe —

“..I want to fuck you covered in a slosh of your hot piss.. release, for me, babe.. release your hot slippery pee into my fingers..”, she utters increasingly naughtily and more seductively as her chest pounds in response to Taylor’s increased play with her crotch.

Riley continues with her insertion, twirling her audibly-suctioning fingers inside her pulsatile throbbing skin, pressing the slippery heel of her palm press further against her, simultaneously gliding it up and down slowly with its petrissage.

She caresses her tender belly with her left hand and presses her thumb into her bloated bladder.

“Oooo!..” — Taylor yelps — “Mmmm.. pl-please—hmmyeahAH!”, trying to tell her something but a buckling uncontrollable moan interrupts.

Nevertheless, Riley jams her thumb once again a little harder.

“OOOooo!..” — she yelps louder — “..Riles, p-please.. wai—hmmmm.. *gasp and briefly holds.. then releases*: ohh.. ohh..”, she deeply draws out per exhale, and her eyelids stuck in their droop, as she feels her bladder tingle with the urge to pee and slowly expanding therein, sending goosebumps down the nape of her neck to the small of her back, and she consequently biting her bottom lips with her incisors, puckering her lips thereby. Riley’s enchantment slowly distracting Taylor’s kneading efforts on Riley.

Simultaneously, her heart begins to pick up and the knot in her chest fasten tighter, hitching her deep breathes into a shallow inhalation followed by a longer exhalation, only exacerbating the knot in her chest. A convection of heat drifting down her pubic area and irradiates the air between her skin and Riley’s working hand. She instantly forgets what she was going to even say in her ecstasy of tingles, forcibly dropping her eyelids to a close, as if her crotch were a heavy dumbbell chained to her head, she feeling her head yearning to limp downwards and struggling to keep it afloat.

Taylor runs her fingers up Riley’s waist, as best she can, feeling for the waist of her leggings, seeking to communicate her appreciation directly, slipping them down her soaked skin and pressing her rigid wall of right-hand fingers against her, gently gliding side-to-side.

In response, Riley gradually picks up her pace, sucking on the right side of her throat and pressing her right hand further against her puffed skin.

“Let go, babe, let.. go.. of.. your.. hot.. pee..”, she mutters a moist breathe, with every thumbing thrust into her belly, against her throat.

Taylor’s breaths pick up further, her exhalation, too, now becoming shallow just as her inhalation, increasing in pace with every thrust of the thumb—

“Ooooohh.. Ooooohh.. Mmmmmhh.. MMmmmhh.. hhMMMmmhh.. hhHMMMMMMM!!!—

*loud, trembling gasp and holds breath, then bottled release*

—U-U-U-UUURRRGHHHHH!!!”, she belches loudly with a stifled-stuttering groan, Riley having gradually worked her pace with both hands until Taylor’s tingling bladder became insurmountable, losing control of her sphincter.

She slouches against the toilet — pausing her hand on Riley’s surface — Taylor’s lips hover apart and the bottom left corner twitches, her hamstrings twitch and left leg jerks forward, then her torso shivering violently and nipples harden, sending goosebumps up her spine and to the back of her head, as her gushing pee bursts out of her urethra, vibrating out its opening, and sprays into Riley’s palm, sharply hissing and vibrating her hand. Audibly, it quickly begins to lower in pitch and garble in the growing slosh of hot dark yellow pee in her ringing crotch.

“Ohhhhhhhmmmmm.. so.. fuckin’.. hot.. mmmm..”, Riley mutters while contorting her right hand in Taylor’s pants. She slips her left hand into her leggings and works herself with Taylor’s distracted, paused hand whilst thrusting her hips into Taylor gushing crotch.

Taylor feels her throbbing skin only burst further into flames, her hot piss gushing and engulfing Riley’s hand and sloshing around while she works her, audibly producing suctioning noises as her fingers strenuously twirls inside her and her palm separates from her hood, whilst also producing suppressed fapping noises as her palm slaps into her when she contorts her hands in her sloshing crotch.

Taylor feels the tingle deep within her yearn to come out, gradually beckoning more and more for orgasmic release as her flooding piss, too, gradually spreads its warmth down her thighs. Pee utterly floods her buttocks, feeling as if she’s sitting on a seat warmer, and tinkles out chaotically and loudly splashes into the toilet water below her. Her jeans explode with glistening yellow darkness at the crotch, Riley’s hand exacerbating its spread, diverging pee into the upper-thigh inseams from beneath her twisting wrist, flowing horizontally towards the edge of the toilet seat and down her inner thighs, and to the sides of her knees. The darkness slowly spreading therefrom down her inner calves.

Taylor shivers violently once again, her shoulders jerking with a pleasurable twist. She feels a rumble in her pubic area subtly boil up her lower waist and into her belly, sending tiny waves of contractions therein; then a convection of heat building and suffocating in her throat, slipping and irradiating up to her face and behind her ears; the hairs on the back of her head begin to raise, and paresthesia quickly ensues, followed by a wave of goosebumps down the nape of her neck, diverging at the small of her back: one wave down the lumbar of her spine then to her hips and the other to her underarms then medially across her breasts, hardening her nipples again. She can’t but help puff, expand and press her tingling chest forwards into Riley’s, as if in need of a back-arching stretch.

Her shallow breath just short of hyperventilation, as her lower waist increasingly boils. She bites down hard on her bottoms lips and hardly can lift her eyelids, nor keep her head up. Her body beginning to ever-so-slightly tremble with ecstasy, Riley working her like a 9-to-5 job.

Her trembling noticeably begins to come out, her lungs uncontrollably forcing out louder and louder moans and with faster and faster frequency:

“HUH!, HUH!, HUH!, HUH!”, Taylor loudly moaning per exhale, hardly able to catch a breathe in. Riley, riled by her partner’s near boiling point, intentionally ramps up her contorting hand: she wants to her to explode — explode more than she just twenty minutes ago!

Taylor continues moaning loudly and faster, trying to getting a word, past the quickly enveloping ecstasy that is engrossing her, to Riley to slow down, but seems to not be able get her throat to speak, it only capable of belching out trembling squealing moans.

Taylor feels her tingle at the very brink of setting off like confetti in her crotch. She starts to squeeze her eyes and her face winces and puckers tightly as she reaches the end of her rope: Riley going to town on her maniacally and relentless as Taylor’s torso is uncontrollably trashing, her breasts almost painfully shaking, and her nipples so damn hard she doesn’t know how much harder they can get.

Suddenly she feels the sparks of the confetti ignite in her crotch, her heart racing to an unfathomable degree and she finds herself struggling to breathe as her body tenses up all at once like one big puckering bodily seizure, and so utterly explodes as she squeals at the top of her lungs, hurting her throat. Meanwhile her crotch, which was steadily slowing in flow, gushes like a high-power pressure burst. Riley feels her piss sharply attack the palm of her hand, so she quickly uses both her hands to pull the front of pants down to her perineum, exposing Taylor’s pulsatile hard-squirting crotch expand with every gush of piss; it flies right into Riley’s shirt, loudly spattering into it and through to her skin like a squirting stream out of a hose audibly smacking the concrete, loudly putter-pattering into Riley’s chest.

Riley receives Taylor’s orgasmic urinating squirt across her waist, some of it squirting hard enough to gush onto her breasts. Taylor keeps going and going until her squirt ends, exhausting her bladder, but her crotch continuing to orgasmically pucker a few more times and it stills.

Taylor’s face is an absolute wreck: flustered bright red with veins protruding out both sides of her neck and breathily so heavily her chest considerably protrudes out anteriorly as she inhales.

Riley, so fucking turned by the gushing orgasmic golden shower she just received, it hardly took any effort on her part to finish in her soaked leggings, orgasmically dribbling out a bit of pee having refilled anew since her last emptying.

The bathroom an absolute mess and the floor puddled with pee, the cleanup appeared daunting. They forget about it for a moment and cuddled on the toilet seat together. Still floored by what they just experienced, Taylor and Riley mess around again, this time rolling around on their puddled floor, taking things a little bit slower until they both finish once again.

“Fuck, what a cleanup”, says Taylor.

“I don’t care”, Riley shakes her head, “This was so totally worth it!”

