The women who do not pee! (Part 1)

Author: Holdon

*000*2021-05-09 17:45

I am thinking of this scenario set in a time many years ago, possibly during the first settlements coming from England, or even Germany (as have spoken to German women into holding), to America . Or could be in the future, perhaps in Giliad?!

They come from a very religious sect, perhaps like the 'Pilgrims', ,with very traditional views about women and repressing anything to do with their sexuality.

Hence as they arrive in the 'New World', and have to start everything from scratch, they are initially living in very basic accommodation and in close quarters, with few if any 'bathroom' facilities.

Consequently women often had to pee outside and on occasion were seen by men, causing upset, and shock, as it appeared so 'unladylike' (and perhaps arousimg?) Even where there was somewhere inside to pee, due to the cramped accommodation, women could often be heard noisily 'hissing' a long pee as they went, through the thin walls of the log cabins, causing many raised eyebrows and frowns from the men at this 'vulgar' sound. (Ironically they may already have been holding on to avoid this very situation!)

Eventually the elders, men naturally men, met together to discuss this 'problem' of such 'vulgar' and 'unladylike' behaviour. They agreed women peeing was a most unseemly act, and must be restricted as much as possible, to avoid upsetting (and confusing) the men. The solution must be to limit the number of loos available for women's use, and to punish those women going outside. In other words, the act of women peeing must be hidden , from sight, and from mind!

This news is told to the women as a fact, it is not to be disputed.

But the women also have their own meetings, for prayer, knitting, sewing, etc.

At one of these meetings a few more outspoken women raise this new rule about them, and ask what will they do? The more conservative say, they must obey the elders, agreeing it is an 'unseemly act'. Some say it will be impossible. Then a few point out really it is not that much different than their life as it is, when it is always easier for men peeing, anf they have to hold anyway. One adds she might be only able to pee 3 or four times a day, and many mumur in agreementand. One says she had to go a day only peeiing twice, another agrees.

Gradually the mood of the meeting changes. As women say, 'we will learn to hold our pee, we always have done, and what is more we will do it together'. We will be proud of being able to hold our pee better than any man. The men will not be controlling us, we will be doing this because we will become proud of our strong and large bladders. We will be able to go about our daily tasks with our pee inside us, even if our bladders are full. We will be in control of them, individually and together, helping each other when times get hard. They know it will not be easy, but they believe they can do togeher with pride and determination.

The women agree to meet again, not telling the men, and devise a strategy to make this possible. They know it will not happen overnight, it will take many months, years, of determination, and much trial and error, and mutual support, but are committed to the task ahead.

In years ahead, they will become known as 'the women who do not pee!'

(Of course they do, but as infrequently as possible !).

*001*2021-05-09 18:56

(I thought I would add another part of the conversation at the meeting the women had.)

'Not only should we be proud of our large and strong bladders, we should be proud of how amazing and beautiful we look when we pee, and how amazing we sound too when we finally empty our large bladders'! Despite the uncertainty of some of the more traditional women taught to be ashamed of this 'base act', most of the women cheered and hugged in elation at the pride and strength they felt together, and the release of shame imposed on them by these men afraid of their sexuality. ☺

