No pee stop for a hitchhiker boy

Author: huberp76

*000*2019-04-16 21:30

Maybe that some of you know this story? I wrote it once at experience project.

Some years ago, i was a little bit over 30 to that time, i made a long business trip.

On the way back home i stopped at a motorway service station. It was about 10 am to that time. On the way back to the motorway i saw a boy at the parking lot. I could see him just from behind, he did wear short running shorts, a T-shirt, sneakers and a rucksack with a paper with the name of my town.

His little ass in this tiny shorts and his slender, smooth legs, looked great and sexy. I stopped beside him and opened my window, he bended down to me and smiled. He was more cute as a boy should be. I asked him if he wanted to go with me and told him that i would go non stop to his town.

He did not answer for about 15 seconds and than he smiled again and said that he would like to come with me. He putted his rucksack on the backseat and did take place beside me.

To that time did all boys wear short shorts, but his was extreme short and had a slit on the side, like running shorts have. I could not take my eyes from his slim, smooth and nude legs. I did not see that he was watching me.

"You like my legs ?" he asked me. I was a little bit surprised and did not know what i should answer, so i asked why he aske me that. "Because you always look at them" he said. Than i did calm down a little bit and said " yes i like your legs, they are really great and sexy."

"Why don't you touch it? I would love that! I always dreamed, that a man like you is rubbing my naked thighs" he said. I could not resist , i butted my hand on his knee and was sliding up on the smooth skin of his slim legs.

"Don't stop it, it feels sooo good" he said and laid his head on my shoulder, like normally girls do that. " Why did you waited so long before you did get in my car" i asked.

" I was on the way to the loo" he answered. "You need the loo?" i wanted to know. "Yes, but that is not a problem, i can hold it. If you are a hitchhiker you have to have a strong bladder, there a many drivers, especially men, they don't stop for a pee and enjoy to make us wait. I never aske for a stop, i am to proud to beg someone to let me pee. My bladder is good trained, i can endure it all day, without a pee" he told me.

I pushed his T-shit up and his short down, to see his flat, nude belly. It was visible swollen, i could feel his firm bladder with my hand and said "you are pretty full down there"

"I must be full, i did not wee since yesterday evening" he said. I was hard at the moment and he said "I see you like that" and looked at the bulge in my pants.

"I am sorry, but yes, i like that! Only to think that you did not pee since yesterday, is total arousing for me and to feel your hard bladder, makes me nearly crazy.

To that time, we had more that 2 hours to go. I had my hand on his thigh and sometimes i could feel how he clenched his muscles to hold all this urine back in his boy bladder. One hour later he could no longer hide his urge and his need.

He rubbed his knees together, smiled at me and said" it is really painful not to pee for so long" and kissed my cheek with his wet lips and his tongue.

" I have still holydays, if you take me home with you, i could stay for a few days .I would not go to the loo, after we arrive, i would hold it for you some hours more! Would you like that?" he asked and liked my cheek, with his soft and wet tongue.

This cute girly boy made a offer to me, that i could not resist, but i was afraid that he was to young, he was so smooth and looked so young, that i had to asked him "how old are you?

"Since 3 weeks old enough, that you can do all this things, that you want to do with me. Take me! I am yours!" he said.

As we did get out of my car, he stopped on the way to my house and crossed his wonderful, naked legs, tight.

"Is it that bad?" i asked. " That must be bad ! I needed to pee since early in the morning and now it is evening, i am holding it longer than 20 hours. You can't imagine how much i need to wee, but i hold it longer for you! I think you like that!!?" he whispered in my ear, than he turned his head and kissed me on my mouth and pressed his swollen bladder hard against my hard cock.

The next days was wonderful and unforgettable!!!

*003*2019-04-18 20:55

Hi, daisyduke and hydroStorm, i am glad that you like my story. Thank you.

*006*2019-04-20 21:24

{{On 4/19/2019 at 1:15 PM, Spectator9 said:

Many years ago when hitchhiking was very common, I picked up a young fellow for a long ride and had to stop along the way so he could pee. He had just gotten a ride to the intersection where I picked him up and there wasn't any place there where he could pee.

}}

I love this kind of experience!

His bladder was full at the time when you picked him up for a long ride.

He had a ride before and no chance to pee between.

Did he tell you his situation before he asked you for a pee stop? Was he desperate to that time? Did you make him wait?

Did you know how long he was holding before.

Did you like this situation, was it arousing for you?

Sorry for so many questions, but can you please write more about this?! Thank you!

I know some boys hold it really long before they ask for a stop.

*009*2022-12-22 21:05

{{On 12/19/2022 at 1:18 AM, eucoloco said: 

That does deserve a part 2 

}}

I am glad that you like my story, I’ll try my best to continue. 

*010*2022-12-26 22:16

Part 2 

We walked in the house and as soon as we were inside said the boy „ may i first use your shower?“ 

“Do you want to pee in my shower?“ i asked. 

“Oh no, i would need to go really urgently, but i told you that i will hold it for you. I only think that i don’t smell good after my long trip.“ answered the boy. 

I was bending over, smelt at the boys neck and said „you smell like a boy and you smell very good, but if you want a shower then take one.“ 

Before i showed him the bathroom, i lifted his T-shirt and pushed his shorts a little bit down to see more of his belly. 

The boy went in the bathroom and came out a few minutes later with just a towel around his slim hips. 

Except the towel he was absolutely naked and it was looking that he did wear a super short skirt. 

Unbelievable how hot that boy for me was and how much he was turning me on. 

At that moment he was more sexy for me as any girl. 

“Do you like me that way, do you like my outfit? 

And look at my bladder it is still full, although i would need to wee very, very urgently, i did not pee even one drop in the shower. I promised you that I’ll hold it for you, i will not go until you let me.” said the boy and caressed his swollen bladder. 

He raised one of his bony boy knees up and pressed it against his other naked, slim thigh, like girls are doing it if they are needing to wee really bad, then he crossed his wonderful, slim, naked legs. 

„You are such a naughty boy, you know so well to turn me on, you girly boy are more cute than a girl ever can be.“ i said and kissed him. 

He was so tender, he pressed his slim body hard against my body, he entwined my neck with both hands and pushed his soft, wet tongue deep in my mouth. 

I had my hands under his „mini skirt „ and squeezed his naked, firm, little ass very hard. 

We kissed for a very long time and as we stopped he said „could you strip your clothes? I am feeling so naked if you are full dressed.“ 

“Sure i can, I’ll take a shower and be back at a few minutes.“ i answered and went to the bathroom. 

As i came back he was lying on the sofa on his side and had both knees up to his chin. 

“Is it that bad?“ i asked. 

“Yes it is, but i think your girly is not yet allowed to wee!!?“ he answered. 

I was already nearly naked, i did wear just very small briefs. 

“You have a very great and sexy body.“ he admired me. 

I went to the sofa and started to kiss him again. I caressed his slim thighs and leaked his cheeks and his ears. 

I wanted to play for time and so i told him that we will go to the kitchen to prepare something to eat for us. 

He followed me, bare food and naked except the little towel around his hips. 

That small, ultra short „skirt „ made his slim, naked body so unbelievable sexy for me. 

His tenderness, the way he kissed me with his hands around my neck and his wonderful body rubbing against my body was amazing. 

He did help me to prepare some food for us. Sometimes he was standing with his sexy legs crossed very tight. 

“Is it so bad?“ i asked him with a soft voice. 

“Yes it’s getting very hard and very painful! I don’t know how much longer i can stand it, but I’ll try my best for you. I told you that i am good trained to hold my bladder, but i never did last so long without to pee.“ he answered. 

After our little dinner, we went went to the sleeping room. 

“Your boy is not allowed to pee before we go to bed?“ he asked and smiled. 

“No, not yet, you can go to the bathroom before sleeping, but now let us go to the bed.“ i said. 

He stripped my briefs and i took the towel from his slim, smooth skinned body. 

We were buck naked and out dick‘s were hard as a bone. 

The boy was lying on his back with his hands behind his head, it was like he wanted to say „ i am your‘s, take me, do what you want with me. 

His belly was swollen from his so much overfilled bladder and his bladder was visible bulging out from his thin abdomen. 

“Oh my God. You are so full down there, unbelievable how much pee you are able to hold in your poor bladder. You can’t imagine how much that turns me on.“ i said and caressed softly his swollen belly. 

“My bladder was sometimes bulging after holding it all day long, but never before so much than now , but i never before did hold me pee for 24 hours and yes i can imagine how much that turns you on.“ he said, looked at my dick and did take it in his hand. 

I lay on top of his great body and pressed my hard dick strong against his swollen belly. 

He moaned and groaned from needing to pee so urgently and so bad and said silence „you will burst my bladder if you press and push so hard.“ but he did let me do it. 

It was like he did like to get tortured that way and he did like to show me what he is able to endure and maybe that he is willing to suffer for me. 

We were caressing each other and were rubbing our bodies together. We were so horny, that it did not last very long until we did cum between our bellies. 

A few minutes later i went with him to the bathroom and did let him pee in a measuring jug. 

He pissed exactly 1.200 ml! 

Not astonishing that his bladder was bulging out so much, it was getting so big, it was stretched so much that it could not have enough room in his thin belly. 

We went back to the sleeping room into the bed. His belly was absolutely flat now, it was curved inside between his hipbones. 

Our bodies were pressed tight together, our thighs were into one other and our arms wrapped over each other’s body. 

It was so strange, so amazing and so arousing at once to walk up with this wonderful, cute girly boy in my arms. 

As he opened his eyes, he smiled and kissed me in a way like girls usually do that. 

After a fast breakfast we went naked in the garden and did lie beside my swimming pool. 

We caressed each other, we leaked each other’s body and we kissed in the way like lovers do that. 

He was younger than me, but he was born to love, he was born for love and he did know to turn me on. 

Short before noon i asked him“ you have not yet been to the toilet today, don’t you need to pee?“ 

“Sure i would need to pee, but i don’t go, i hold it for you, maybe i can stand it all day long for our second night. 

*012*2022-12-27 21:46

{{19 hours ago, eucoloco said: 

I'm loving this...i never managed the 24hr thing...but my bladder has better records than 1200ml... It does bulge... Im losing a few lbs to bulge more obscenely...oh doing It or watching / Reading is so hot. 

The big hot guy never mentioned HE pissed...maybe he's a better holder than the boy and could reach him a thing or two...and oh my this boy other than that has so many possible scenarios to endure 

}}

Tell me what scenarios would you like to hear (read)? 
