No wee in a drive-in cinema - for Margot!

Author: huberp76

*000*2019-12-10 22:09

Some times ago, i had a date with a girl, Margot was her name.

We spendet the afternoon together and at the evening we had a dinner in a little restaurant. After the dinner we went to a drive-in cinema.

No one of us had a pee since we met. I did feel a little urge in the restaurant, but i did not want encourage her to go to the loo, so i decided to hold it. Besides i know that my bladder is large and strong.

After about a one hour drive, we arrived at the cinema. I lied the seat's down, so that we could lie and watch the film.

There was a service, so i could buy something to drink. A large ice tee for her, was a good investment for me. I moved with my body so that i pressed with my knee in her belly.

"Ahhhhh, be careful, i pee my panties if you push on my bladder !" she moaned ."I am needing to wee since hours."

"OH, sorry" i said. "I would need to piss too, i did no go since morning."

"Me too, i did not wee since morning." she said. I was horny at the moment and i loved that she was needing to wee pretty bad and that she did not stop drinking.

After the film was over, we did drive about 10 minutes on a country road, as she suddenly said "please stop here somewhere, i need to wee so bad, i can't wait any longer, i have to squat behind a bush. I never did that before, but i have to do it, i can't wait! Pleas stop." she moaned.

"It is a small road, i can't stop here. I need to go too, but i think we have to hold it." i answered.

It was 10pm by now and we did not piss since morning. I had to go pretty bad too.

Her hands was pressed between her crossed thighs, she was bending over and said "Oh my god, i need to wee so bad that all my belly hurts from needing to wee. Please stop i can't wait, i have to go now!!!"

By now we was in a little town and i really could not stop for her, she had to hold it and i did like it! I could see how she did massage her swollen bladder. She was nearly crazy from needing to wee. She told me that she would pee on the main square or on a stage in front of 1000 peoples, if she only could let it out. I told her that she has to hold it, like i have to hold it and i asked her if her panty is still dry.

"Yes, my panties are still dry, but my bladder will burst, if i can't go in the next 10 minutes" she said angry. "I think you will have to hold it much longer then 10 minutes, i can't stop here anywhere." i answered.

"Oh no! Omg, i need to wee so bad, i can't wait, i have to go, i must go." she moaned. She lifted her short skirt and pressed both hands between her thighs. I could see how she pushed her finger hard in her slit. I think she was keeping her pee hold shut with her finger and i could see how swollen her flat belly was, from her overfilled bladder.

She told me how much she did drink since her last wee, at the morning and she said that no ones bladder can hold so much for soooo long. Half hour later, we was out of this town, again on a country road, on our way home.

She was still in the same sit position, bent over and her hand between her thighs. Her skirt was up to her belly, so that she showed my her naked thighs and her white panties, they was still dry!

"It is enough now! I am needing to wee for so long, i can't go on . Let me finally pisssss! Stop now!!" she shouted. I could not do anything to make her hold it longer, i had to let her go. I did fight for 5 more minutes, but then i had to stop.

It did last a few minutes, before she was able to get out of my car. As soon as she was out, she pulled her panty down to her knees and bevor she could squat, she started to wee. She pissed and pissed and pisssssed, she could not stop. It was hissing loud and she was moaning like she did cum.

It was incredible how much this girl could pee and it was incredible how much this girl was able to hold. Her bladder must have been big and hard as a melon.

I wanted to piss beside her, but i was to hard, i could not. After she was back in the car, i pissed. It was really urgent, but i would have waited for hours more, if she had to wait with me!

Back in my car, she told me, that this was the most needed wee in her life and she told me that she was leaking as she did get out of my car, with her legs apart and that her panty is already wet now.

I reached between her nude thighs and could feel her pee wet panty, with my fingers. My fingers was wet from her wee, i smelled at my fingers and did think by myself " the wee of a young girl smells like a good perfume.

This drive-in cinema was always a good opportunity for me to make a girl drink and hold. Margot was not the only girl that i made desperat at this cinema.

I hope you like my drive-in cinema Visite!?

*003*2019-12-15 01:10

{{9 hours ago, wether said:

Oh yes, I like it very much. I would, however, order her to pee in a bottle or a cup so that we could know how much pee she held for you (and, as a result, for all of us).

}}

I am glad that you like my story.

Yes, I love that too, to make a girl hold it until she absolutely can’t anymore.

Then let her wee in a cup, so that I can see how much she was holding for me.

The more urine she was able to hold, the fuller the cup is, the more arousing is it for me.

To see how much wee she was holding in her bladder, to think about how big and overfilled her bladder must have been with so much hot pee inside, how bad and painful she must have needed to go, makes me total horny.

*004*2019-12-20 06:23

{{On 12/14/2019 at 8:49 AM, HoldingPrinces said:

Nice story. Definitely it must have been a great experience for you..

How many hours she held that day? Couldn't you make her hold more than that in another day?

}}

Margot did not wee for a little bit more then 13 hours. That is not so really long, but she was drinking a lot and all that was in her bladder.

She was needing to go since afternoon and she was holding it until 11 pm and that is long and I really did like it.

*005*2019-12-28 10:27

{{On 12/14/2019 at 8:49 AM, HoldingPrinces said:

Nice story. Definitely it must have been a great experience for you..

How many hours she held that day? Couldn't you make her hold more than that in another day?

}}

Yes, I made Margot hold more on another day.

My parents had a weekend house in the country and a flat in the city.

Once they renovated the bathroom in the flat. To that time we lived in the house, because the loo in the flat was not to use.

For me it was a good opportunity to make someone hold, there was no loo, no chance to wee.

Margot was a girl from the country. I invited her for a evening in the city and for a night in our flat.

At the dinner I told her the situation with the bathroom in our flat and told her that she should use the loo at the restaurant before we leave.

She was thankful for this information and went to the loo.

I did know that this would be her last pee for a really long time.

I think that she did not think about that, to this time.

Next day, no morning pee for her, her bladder had to stay full.

It was so arousing for me.

She did not say anything about that she would need to go, but I was sure that she was needing to wee, like every girl needs to wee in the morning.

No loo for her in the flat. We went to a kiosk for a fast breakfast. No loo for her on the kiosk.

It was so arousing for me to know that she did not pee since last evening and that her bladder must have been full with hot wee.

She still did not say anything about that she was needing a loo.

I think she was waiting for a opportunity where she could go discrete.

Just I did not give her a chance to go.

At noon she had to admit, that she had to wee really, really, really bad.

She did not wee since 17 hours, she was full to burst , but I did not let her go.

I made her hold it all afternoon. The poor girl was nearly crazy from needing to wee so bad, but she had to hold it.

Years ago I wrote a story about it, at EP

( experiences protect ) , maybe i’ll write it here again.

It is amazing what some girls can endure, how long they are able to hold it.

Princes, you are one of this girls!!!

