Caged in a Carriage

Author: HissGenerator

*000*2023-12-27 11:22

There once was this Jane I met in a foretime, out on carriage to somewhere in no time. She sat across, eyed me, and with a cute smile, spread her legs open for a great long while.

I glanced, then danced and pranced a-fool: biting my lips, knowing not which way to turn; yet she giggled and snickered, then fingers a two-fingered walk from her knees to her knickers.

She purses, then bites, and closes the curtains: her dress yet an opaque surface; then tugs on her bosom with eyes of desire, to uncover the growing, insurmountable burden.

My body slips from it seat and stands on its knees, with each arm anchored beside her hips, and draw nearer and nearer, ready to meet—but crossed legs shut me back by the sole of her feet.

She giggles behind bitten lips, her eyes warning this is only a show; there’s no touching, no lusting: “just watch me explode, only if you permit me below”—a shocker, I know!

I was back in my seat, fidgeting with grow: wanting to touch, not even myself, as she just said it so; but there was no room for me to go, so I burst out the side, trousers taking hold a pulsing with woe.

Her eyes swelled at my sight, her legs unlocked though closed tight; she pushes her tender jewels into the light and wrings them to further our plight.

Meanwhile my pulse sorely pangs just on below, and my hands began as if a mind of its own—“stop”, “no touching”, she demands of me, oh! But how can could quit what hurts me so.

A wincing face, and a pacing heart, can a man be anything else than a panting dog? A relish of my torture, she softly moans, then moans and moans, more and more in spite bemoaning my growth.

She forsakes her breasts, reactionary to my morose, and caresses her flesh, across her chest and the whole of her torso; then uncovers her legs and closed, and grapples their knees, and slowly groans.

She forces them wide, but keeps them tight, and feigns a struggle with so much might; ‘til she opens them lightly and privies my sight to the extent of her plight: so red and bright.

Her fingers glide across the inner tenderness, thighs twitch from former tightness, ‘til her palms grab hold its innermost skin and those thumbs follow the lines outlining what throbs.

I swear I could explode just from her sight, something I knew a possible fight, and as that thumb disappeared inside, and her mouth gaped wide and eyes white, I felt my insides tighten with an insurmountable might.

Never knew a station of hands-free sensation, that a Jane of this train could elicit without..but he I was at the edge of my being, grappling the seats against a soiling much profound.

And just when I reckoned I could fight her desire, there rung in our carriage a squelch like no other; and out from her knickers proceeded a trickle that flung to my trousers and ignited the fire.

Now, my fingers they quivered, and though socked my toes took a shiver, that shivered all the way up to my timber, and shivered out of me rivers upon rivers; and under her gaze, that, I delivered.

And believe me so, it was quite violent I’ll have you know, as long after I emptied below, I continue to shake, and perhaps understandably so, since this Jane followed with more.

Her knickers got louder and glossier with wet, as what jammed ramped and with bossier get; and wicked yet—she’d hardly cried out, nor with violent shout, but forcibly covered her mouth with suppress.

While she molested herself, and those legs grew wider, she covered them with liquids that lubricated them brighter; and she went flying across the walls in a spectacular trying.

Though her mouth covered as harsh as an offender, he could not hold down her trashing torso, and mask that breath so, and tie-down her legs low, when she let her edge grow.

All she could but do is close her legs, when the pent-up stress strove, and blew past two fingers to the mouth of a hose, tucked between two thighs so sore and morose.

And it was a few of those, soaking up her clothes; ‘til her chest slowed and her slumped back arose—then to my eyes’ surprise, her legs opened wide and slid wet knickers aside.. out came a brook, first soft and fine, then it took stride with spattering delight, and pattered this cage within which we reside. What a sight that was sowed into my mind, as it was so, much remote from any Jane in my time, and of most..

