Emperor’s Light, Saint’s Revenge, Inquisitor’s Shame - A Warhammer 40k Story

Author: Hyde

*000*2025-08-04 18:09

The war-torn plains stretched before the Saint, the golden light of dawn casting long shadows across the broken earth. The air was thick with the acrid stench of promethium and the distant screams of the dying. The forces of Chaos had come in great number, a tide of blasphemy seeking to drown this world in corruption. And Celestine, the Sword of the Emperor's Will, stood as a beacon against the darkness.

Her wings, radiant and pure, shimmered with divine energy as she surveyed the battlefield, her golden army served as a sign of hope. The enemy was close; she could hear the guttural chants of heretics, the grinding of daemonic engines, the laughter of things that should not be. Her grip tightened on the Ardent Blade, the sacred weapon humming with righteous power.

But beneath her armor, beneath the unwavering faith that drove her soul, a far more mundane discomfort began to make itself known.

A faint pressure in her bladder.

Celestine frowned. It was nothing, just the lingering effects of the hours spent in prayer before a long battle. She had no time for such needs, currently, The Emperor's work demanded her focus.

Yet as she took her first steps forward, the sensation persisted, a quiet but insistent reminder of her mortal needs.

The first heretics rushed her, their rusted blades flashing. Celestine moved in a flash, her sword carving through them with effortless grace. Bodies fell, her wings carried her above the fray, only to descend and attack again.

But with each movement, each twist and strike, the pressure in her bladder grew more pronounced. She clenched her teeth, shifting her weight subtly as she fought, trying to ignore the growing urgency.

A Chaos Spawn, a writhing mass of flesh and claws, lurched toward her. She met it head-on, driving her blade deep into its pulsating core. As she wrenched the weapon free, she felt a sharp pang in her muscles, and for a terrifying second, she feared she might lose control right then.

A hot trickle escaped.

Celestine gasped, her thighs pressing together instinctively. “No. No, no, no.” She clenched every muscle she could, forcing herself to stop. She felt it run down her legs briefly, the dampness inside her armor was minimal, barely noticeable but the shame burned brighter than any wound.

Then she remembered, she stood in the middle of a battlefield with her legs forced together. She blushed and looked around to see if anyone was watching but the battle was still raging. “The Emperor is giving me another trial. I will endure.” She continued to look around to see where she was needed until Celestine's blood ran cold.

Inquisitor Greyfax stood atop a nearby ruin, her storm bolter smoking, her expression one of cruel amusement. The Saint relaxed her legs at the Inquisitor's sight, Greyfax still didn’t trust her and she didn’t want to give her any more reason to.

Celestine's face burned, another spasm hit but she held it all this time.

The battle seemed never ending. Celestine fought atop a ruined bastion, her forces rallying behind her. Bolter fire streaked past, explosions rocked the earth, and still the enemy came.

But the discomfort was becoming unbearable.

Every step sent a jolt through her. Every clash of her sword made her muscles tense not just in combat, but in a desperate, involuntary effort to hold back. She managed to hold on but felt her own body betraying her, the pressure building like a dam about to burst.

A Chaos Marine charged her with a roar. She parried his chainaxe, countering with a slash that split his helm. But as she did, a sudden, sharp spasm made her stagger.

“Oh, Throne…”

She may have won the fight but her body was losing the battle.

A quick spasm leaked against her will, soaking the underlayers of her armor. She gasped, her legs trembling as warmth spread down her thighs. The fabric clung to her skin, the unmistakable sensation of liquid humiliation.

She couldn't stop it.

The floodgates opened.

Celestine's breath hitched as her bladder gave way completely, a torrent of warmth gushing uncontrollably into her battle robes under her armor. The liquid ran down her legs, pooling both in and around boots before being absorbed by the earth beneath her. While most was contained to the inside of her armor some came out the seams and ran down the outside, soaking the cloth that covered the front of her legs.

And Greyfax saw everything. The childish posture, the growing pool beneath her, her trembling legs.

"Pathetic," Celestine heard from behind, steps getting louder the closer the Inquisitor got. Celestine stood frozen in shame, trying to hold the rest in. "The Emperor's chosen saint, pissing herself like a frightened child. Tell me, Celestine, does your divinity extend to cleaning your own armor, or will your servants handle that as well?"

Celestine's grip on her sword tightened until her knuckles ached. She wanted to strike Greyfax down where she stood, but she knew she couldn’t, was this her trial perhaps? To endure mortal humiliation?

Then another wave of warmth trickled out, they both heard the sound hissing as it ran through her armor, Greyfax had a smirk, and all she could do was stand there, humiliated, as the last of her dignity drained away.

With a cry of both fury and desperation, Celestine unleashed her full power. Golden light erupted from her, the Divine Fire of her might, incinerating the nearest heretics. She surged forward, a blur of divine retribution, cutting down champions and daemons alike.

But Greyfax's laughter followed her.

"Careful, Saint you might wet yourself again from the exertion!"

Celestine's wings carried her aloft one last time. The Chaos Lord stood below, bellowing curses. She dove, her blade aimed true.

And as she struck, as her sword pierced his black heart and the battlefield erupted in the light of victory. Aside from the drenched cloth adorn to the front of her armor, no one would have known about her accident unless they watched it.

To which Greyfax's voice cut through the triumph like a knife.

"A glorious victory. Pity about the stain."

The enemy was broken, their remnants fleeing before the Imperial counterattack. Celestine stood amidst the ruins, her breathing heavy, her body trembling not from exhaustion, but from the sheer, overwhelming humiliation of it all.

It was easy enough to pass off the stain as blood of the heretics, the evidence of her shame was hidden beneath her armor, known only to her and Greyfax.

The Inquisitor strode past her, pausing just long enough to murmur, "I've never trusted your unnatural powers, but this is something else. . Does the Emperor not grant you the power to hold it?"

Greyfax turned, stood atop the ruined bastion, surveying the land with her usual smug superiority. The Saint’s hand clamped down on her shoulder like the Emperor’s own judgment.

"Inquisitor," Celestine purred, her voice dripping with false sweetness. "A word."

Before Greyfax could react, Celestine’s other hand pressed against the small of her back, forcing her forward almost straight off the bastion. She would have fallen if not for the Saint holding onto her.

"What is the meaning of this?" Greyfax snarled, trying to wrench free. But Celestine’s grip was iron.

"The Emperor puts me through trials to test my faith," Celestine whispered, leaning in so close her breath felt on Greyfax’s face. "Now let us see how well you fare under the same trial."

With a swift motion, Celestine pulled the Inquisitor back onto the bastion, kicked the back of Greyfax’s knees, forcing her down.

Greyfax hit the ground "You!"

"Hush," Celestine murmured, resting her Ardent Blade across Greyfax’s lap, pinning her in place. "The Emperor tests us all in different ways."

She then walked behind her, reached down, gripped, crushed, and ripped off the back panel on Greyfax’s armor.

A hiss of pressurized seals. A barely audible click.

Greyfax’s eyes widened in horror.

Celestine had just disabled her power armor, she didn’t even have the ability to move anymore.

"You wouldn’t dare leave me like this.” Greyfax hissed, her voice trembling with rage…and fear.

Celestine merely smiled and took a long, deliberate sip from her canteen. Then another.

"You see," she said conversationally, "battlefield conditions being what they are, I’ve learned the importance of… proper hydration." She took a third sip, swirling the water in her mouth before swallowing pointedly.

Greyfax’s fingers clenched.

A distant explosion rocked the battlefield, one of the last Warp-touched munitions detonating. The sound startled Greyfax in this moment and made her flinch.

Celestine picked up her sword from Greyfax’s lap. For the next hour, Celestine made certain Greyfax couldn’t escape.

She called over a squad of Battle Sisters to "secure the area". She requested this several times “just to be sure”.

After a while of this charade Celestine saw the minuscule shift in her posture. Her thighs pressed together for the briefest second.

“Ah,” Celestine murmured. “So you do feel it.”

She "accidentally" knocked over her own canteen near Greyfax’s boots, the sound of splashing water drawing a visible shudder from the Inquisitor.

And then, the final cruelty, she began recounting *in vivid detail* the location of every functioning latrine trench in the encampment.

"The nearest one is only three hundred meters past the medicae tents," Celestine mused, tapping her chin. "Though with your armor’s systems disabled, you’d have to remove nearly every plate to…"

"Enough!" Greyfax snapped. Her voice was strained. Her knuckles were white.

A single bead of sweat trailed down her temple.

Celestine leaned in. "Does the mighty Inquisitor need to go?"

Greyfax’s glare could have melted ceramite. But her legs were trembling now.

Finally the armies of the Imperium rolled in after the battle. Celestine removed the power armor from Greyfx, leaned down and said “You will be with me, always in my sight until the sermon.” Greyfax got up, instinctively twisted her legs together at the sudden pressure after standing up with a strained bladder. The Saint snickered.

A cruiser landed, the Saint and the Inquisitor both boarded. The latter trying not to make her situation obvious to everyone else. She sat with her legs pressed together tapping her foot on the ground constantly while Celestine watched in glee.

After a short flight back to the base ship, Greyfax needed nothing more than a bathroom. However, the Saint grabbed her shoulder and quickly reminded her of the victory sermon, with a smile.

Greyfax was trying with all her strength to stand as still and proper as she could. The Canoness was midway through her recitation of the Emperor’s blessings when Greyfax, forced to stand at attention beside Celestine, suddenly went rigid.

Celestine saw it all, the minute rocking back and forth. The barely suppressed whimper. The way her gloves clenched into fists. Now with her power armor destroyed she was just wearing her standard Inquisitor uniform, grey fabric top and bottom, adorned with various straps and medals.

And soon followed a faint hiss.

Greyfax’s pressed legs slowly grew a shade darker as wet rivulets envelopped them. Steam rose from Greyfax’s boots as the piss pooled beneath her. She couldn’t hold it back anymore, the slow wetting soon turned into a quick explosion. The slow streaks running down her pants now a raging flood, she couldn’t move anymore. Her grey pants now almost black and shining leaving nothing to the imagination. For a brief moment Celestine was reminded she was still wearing her now cold damp robes under her armor, her feet still standing in a pool of her own piss. But she didn’t care anymore, this moment more than made up for it.

The Canoness paused mid-prayer.

Every Sister in the congregation turned.

The puddle grew slowly around her. Celestine, with perfect timing, took a single step away from the dripping Inquisitor as the puddle reached her boots.

"Blessed is the mind too small for doubt," she recited solemnly. "And the bladder too weak for battle."

The silence was glorious.

Greyfax was now thoroughly empty and embarrassed. Celestine gave her a faint laugh again, and the Inquisitor was gone before the stains had dried.

Celestine stood alone in the chapel later that night, now fully changed out of her wet clothes, no one but Greyfax had found out, and she doubt she would dare tell anyone now. She ran a cloth along her immaculate blade. The Saint sheathed her sword with a satisfied click. Thankful for this trial, that she can now grow stronger than before. And perhaps now the Inquisitor won’t prod into her loyalty anymore.

——

For anyone not familiar with the characters here are some visuals 🙂 &&

&&

*002*2025-08-04 22:13

{{8 minutes ago, Krieger963 said:

An infinite pity that I can only like this once.

}}

Thank you so much, I’m glad you like it 🙂

