The Overnightgirl

Author: huberp76

*000*2023-12-27 21:22

Peter get’s turnend on so much if a girl is holding her wee for a very long period of time.

The longer she doesn’t pee, the fuller her bladder becomes , the more he gets aroused.

He always tries to devise situations where girls gets no opportunities to go to the toilet.

Since a few weeks he was dating a new girl and as always, he noted the pee habits of the new girl.

Sue, was her name. Sue did not use a toilet during their previous dates and Peter did love that, because he loved girls with a good bladder control much more than weak girls who runs every 2 hours to the toilet.

Into the bargain are strong girls much better to use for his special lust, for to make them hold and wait.

At their last date, they were spending the afternoon together and went then for a dinner. Before they were leaving the restaurant, she said that she would need to wee pretty urgently, but that she would put it off until she is at home.

Peter did love to hear that, it was like music in his ears and it made him horny at the moment.

He did take a long time to bring her home with his car and he did use a long time for to kiss her goodbye for to make her hold her full bladder longer.

Peter was 18, he still lived in the house of his parents.He had a kind of a little apartment in the house for his own, but he had not an extra bathroom.

He invited Sue for to stay overnight and she agreed.

They spent the afternoon in a shopping mall, for shopping and for drinking coffee and something else, in a coffee shop .

Later they had a early dinner in a fast food and then they went to his apartment.

Both of them had not used a toilet since they met.

Peters parents was out for a dinner as they arrived at the house.

Peter and Sue were lying on a large sofa and watched a video. He did always care that she had enough to drink and that her bladder was getting fuller.

After a while came his parents back and was watching tv at the living room.

Peter and Sue were kissing and cuddling, he caressed her breast, her belly, her thighs and that was the girl had between her thighs.

They already watched the second video, as Peter felt that his urge to pee was getting stronger.He thought that Sue must have felt the same after holding her urine since so long.

He wanted to test her and the fullness of her bladder and therefore he lay his head at her belly, exactly at her bladder.

He did use her full, swollen, firm, but still soft peeball as pillow. He pressed and rolled his head on and in her belly, to put extra pressure from outside on her bladder.

”Be careful, don’t press to hard on my full bladder.” said the girl, but did not ask for a toilet.

Peter was absolutely aroused about that situation, but didn’t want to have sex with her, because he wanted to stay horny.

”I think it’s time for to sleep.” said Peter after the end of the second video.

”Oh yeah, it’s really getting late, but before i need to go to the toilet.” said Sue.

”That will be a little problem.” said Peter.”

My parents are very religious, they don’t allow me to take a girl overnight to my room. They must not know that you are here, therefore you will have to wait with the toilet until they leave the house at 8 in the morning, but i think that will not be a big problem for you.” Peter continued.

”I think that will become a problem, i have not been to the toilet since before noon, my bladder is very full and i need to wee quite badly.” answered Sue.

“I know that you have not been since before noon, but i know as well that you girls are very good in pee holding . I am sure that you can easily wait until tomorrow,” said Peter and started to undress the girl.

Peter did stay dressed and said that he will go just to the living room, to say his parents good night.

In reality his parents did not care about if he would take a girl in his room for overnight, in reality he did not have to go to say good night and in reality he did leave the room, just for to take a much needed piss.

”Where have you been for so long?” wanted Sue know. “Sure you have been at the bathroom, sure you have pissed!!” said the girl. “And what is about me, i am needing to wee as well and very bad and very urgently to boot. asked Sue a little bit angry.

”How i said before, you are a big girl, you can hold it! I heard many times, that girls can endure a very long time without to wee, if they have to.” said Peter and stripped naked. He pulled Sue’s little panties as well down to her feet.

He was laying behind the girl and pressed his hard penis between her thighs.

He could not stop to think about, that the nude girl beside him, did not wee since minimum 12 hours and that she was suffering from needing urinate so bad, but he did suffer as well, he did suffer from horniness, he wanted to fuck her so bad, but he forced himself to wait until tomorrow morning for to have sex with her, with her bladder overfilled to explode with the urine from 20 hours.

*003*2024-01-02 21:06

A quarter of an hour they still didn’t sleep. „I need to wee so bad.“ whispered Sue.

“I know, but you are my strong, brave girl, you will for sure be able to hold it until tomorrow.“ answered Peter.

At the same time, he did think about how much he pissed just a half an hour before and he did imagine, how big the girls bladder must have become, to contain all that urine.

He did think that her young, slim body must have produced more urine over the day, than his body, because he made her drink on purpose more than he drank , especially during they watched the videos.

Sue was needing to wee all the time, during they watched the videos, but she is no more a little girl, who is needing to beg for to stop the video, only for to let her pee.

She was old enough to suppress her urge and to control her bodily needs.

She is strong enough to have a full bladder and to drink nevertheless, but she did not know, that she would not get a chance to wee before sleeping.

She must now have simply more urine in her bladder, than he pissed before, she must simply need to wee worth, than he before and there was still so much on the way to her bladder, though Peter and could feel how his penis was getting hard as a bone.

“I am needing to wee since we came to your home, i am not sure that i can hold it until tomorrow, i need to go really, really bad.“ said Sue, with a worried voice.

“Oh you poor, i should have told you my situation earlier, then you could have gone at the fast food, before we did leave.“ canted Peter.

Never ever, had Peter told her to use the loo at McDonalds, he wanted to bring her home, with her bladder full from the day and he wanted to make her drink and he wanted to fill her bladder full to explode, before he would fuck her very hard on her bursting full urine balloon.

“Is it really so bad?“ asked Peter with simulated pity.

“Oh yes, it is bad and it is already hurting , it must be bad, i did not wee since 13 hours.“ answered the girl desperate.

“I don’t know whether 13 hours are much for a big girl?

I did read somewhere that girls are generally good in pee holding and that some girls can bear up 24 hours and much longer without a single pee.“ answered Peter.

“I never heard that and i can’t even believe it.“ said Sue.

“How long was your longest time without a wee?“ wanted Peter know, full of lust and his boner between her ass and her thighs.

“I don’t know it and i don’t even want to think about my longest hold, with my bladder that full.

You must help me, i impossible can hold it until tomorrow morning after 8!

Bring me a bucket, or something else, where i can empty my bladder, i have to let it out, let me wee anywhere into.“ was the poor girl begging.

Sure that Peter could have brought her something for to wee in, but that was the last thing, what he wanted to do.

The best place for a girl’s wee, is her overfilled, bursting full bladder and therefore he said „sorry, i really can’t help you, i don’t have something where you can wee in, there is no other way for you, then to hold it inside of you until tomorrow.“ answered Peter and caressed bulging bladder.

“That is absolutely not fair, you have peed, but i have to hold it.“ said Sue, a little bit disappointed and angry about her bad situation.

“You are my strong girl, you can do that, but we should sleep now, if you are sleeping, you don’t feel that you are needing to wee.“ said Peter and pressed on her full bladder, to make her moan.

*004*2024-01-04 22:51

Sue moaned loud about that extra torture from outside and said „You make me wet your bed if you squeeze my full bladder.

That girls full bladder was turning Peter on so much, his sadism to torture a girls bladder and to make a girl crazy from needing to wee so bad, had nearly no limits, but he had to hide his lust and his sadism, therefore he said „ oh sorry, i didn’t want to push so hard, i just wanted to feel how full you are down there.“

“What do you think how full i am after holding it all day long? I am more than full and my urge becomes already very painful.“said Sue accusatory.

“You are full, but not too full, your bladder is not really hard, it is still semisolid , i think it will be able to contain a lot more of wee.“ answered Peter, massaged the girls firm urine balloon and made her moaning again.

“I am sure you will easily be able to hold it until morning. You are my strong girl, maybe you are one of the girls who can go 24 hours without a wee?“continued Peter, to tease her a little.

“ You can say that so easily, you have been at the toilet, just a half an hour ago and i have not been since before noon and i have to keep it in me for some hours longer.“answered the girl.

Despite the girls strong urge and the boys strong horniness, were they both able to sleep for some hours.

Sue became restless, all the drinks from the day and especially from the evening, were already in her bladder. Her belly was swollen with her bladder, which became big as a bowling ball, but not that hard.

She was needing to wee so bad, that she did no more know what to do.

She waked Peter up „ i need to wee, i can’t wait any longer. Bring me please somewhat where i can pee in.“ she was begging.

“I don’t have anything, it will be just 3 or maximum 4 hours and then you can go.“ replied Peter.

“Just 3 or 4 hours, you don’t know what you say . You can’t even imagine how bad i need to wee and how painful it is to hold it back for so long.

I was needing to pee already at McDonalds, but i didn’t want to use that toilets, because i don’t like public toilets and i didn’t want you leave alone at the table and then at your home, i was needing to go very bad as soon as we arrived, but i did not even ask for a loo, i did drink with you and suppressed my urge all the long time when we watched the videos.

I need to go since already 10 hours, i haven’t been at the toilet for 17 hours and you say, i have to wait just 3 or 4 hours longer, like it would be the easiest thing in the world.“ said Sue.

Peter told her again that he would not have something where she could pee in and that there would be no other way for her than to hold her wee inside her.

He said that he would be very sorry about her bad situation, but Peter was not sorry, he was horny about that situation.

He pressed his naked body against her naked body. He had his hand on her belly and could feel the contours of her overfilled bladder, which was bulging out of her lower abdomen.

It was a dream for h Peter, to lie naked beside a young, slim girl who had not weed since 17 hours and who was needing to go so very, very bad.

*005*2024-01-06 14:30

Sure said again how urgently and how bad she would need to go to the loo.

She told him that she sometimes put it off to go for hours and that she sometimes hold it from morning until to the evening, until she comes home, but that she never was needing to wee so bad and so painful, than at the moment.

She told him that she never before did holding it back for so long and that she did not even think, that she would be able to endure not to wee for so extreme long.

”All my belly hurts from needing to wee!!” said the girl and pulled her knees up to her chest.

” Oh, you poor, you have to suffer so much, try to sleep, then you don’t feel your “need to wee pain” anymore .” said Peter and simulated pity with her.

Peter was so horny about the girls frantic need to wee and about to have the opportunity to prevent her from going to the toilet, for some hours longer.

Despite her painful urge and his painful horniness, were they able to sleep for another 2 hours.

It was 6 am, 19 hours without a wee for Sue and still 2 hours to for her, until Peter’s parents would leave.

”I can’t stand it anymore, i can’t bear up any longer. I HAVE to pee now, bring me something where i can empty my bladder.

I’ll piss in your bed, or anywhere on the floor, if you don’t let me go now.” said the poor girl afraid to piss herself and angry about her painful need.

Again told her Peter, that he would not have something and that it would last not even 2 more hours until she can go.

Sue said that she thought that she would spend a night full of joy and pleasure with him and not a night full of pain and torture.

She asked if he would have a towel, where she could wee in, just a little bit, just to ease the painful pressure and to be able to wait then for 2 more hours.

Peter said that he would be so sorry, that she has to suffer so badly, but that on the other hand, he admire her for her bladder control and for her great pee holding performance.

He putted his hand on her swollen belly and could feel how pig and how hard, the girls bladder became.

”Oh my god, you are so full down there, that must hurt you so much, but sorry, you can’t imagine how sexy you are when you need to wee so bad than now.” said Peter and started to caress her wonderful, slim body.

He laid his body on hers, kissed her and wanted to apart her thighs.

“Oh no, we can’t do that, I’ll wet you bed as soon as i unknot my legs.“ she said worried.

“Sure we can, you want wet my bed, you will hold it, you are my strong, brave girl.“ said Peter and pushed the girls thighs, which were squeezed hard together, apart.

He started to fuck her very hard and he wanted to torture her bursting full bladder even more. He slits his hand between their bellies and made it to a fist, then he pressed the fist with his abdomen on and in her abdomen, exactly on the girls bladder.

Sue was in ectasia from needing to wee so unbearable, but from lust as well.

They fucked like crazy and after they had both their climax, Sue was getting out of the bed.

The girl was so strong, she could endure to get fucked so hard with a bladder full to explode, she could endure to get her bladder tortured, pressed and pushed, without leaking only one drop, but then when the tension was away she could not hold it anymore.

She pushed both hands between her thighs and crossed her thighs over it.

She was bending over and a few drops of wee was running down on her bare thighs.

”I can’t no more, i can’t no longer, it is coming out of me!” said Sue.

Peter did see and know that she was on her limit, he gave her a flower vase, which was standing in a wall cupboard.

Sue did take it, uncrossed her sexy legs and piss loud hissing, with high pressure in the vase.

She pissed much more than one liter.

Then they went back in the bed, they were both so horny, that they fucked again after just a short time.

”Did you have fun and joy now?” asked Peter.

”It was so painful, it was hurting so much, but it was absolutely fantastic and great.” answered Sue.

Peter did leave the vase, full with the girls wee in his room.

When he came back at the evening, he did take a plastic bag and drained the yellow wee from Sue in the bag. He did form it to a ball.

I was amazing and and unbelievable how big that ball was, i was so turning on and so arousing for him to imagine, that the girl was holding all that large amount of wee inside her. What a bladder, what a girl, Sue was able to hold 1.500ml hot urine inside her!!!

He was getting so horny, that he made it himself and thought at the next sleepover and a next bursting bladder fuck with Sue!!

