Cheerleaders Peedance!

Author: huberp76

*000*2023-03-28 07:43

A group of cheerleader girls went to a soccer game for cheerleading. They had to go by bus for about 40 minutes with the team.

The boys like it that the girls went with them in the same bus and especially the coach did like that.

The coach had a lust for girls who are desperate to pee and this time he had something arranged for his special lust.

They picked up the the girls from their school, right after their last lesson. The girls did not even the time to use the toilet before leaving.

Some of the girls were needing to wee but they had to wait until they arrive.

They though just until they arrive, because they did not know that there will be no girls loo and that they will have to hold it until they get back to their school late at the evening.

The coach did know that very well and he did love it!!

As soon as they arrived asked one of the girls for the toilet.

“ Oh sorry, i forgot to tell you that they don’t have a girls loo here, but i think that girls with 18 are able to bear up 4 hours with out a toilet!?“ said the coach.

“That is not your earnest, we did not have a chance to go since lunch, we can’t perform with our bladder that full.“ said the girl angry.

“Sure you can! You are big girls you can do that.“ answered the coach with a boner in his pants.

The girls had to go out to the playing field with a very full bladder.

There have been some more boys in the bus, they were friends of the player.

As the cheerleaders began with their performance said one of the boys „what happened with the girls? Do they have a new choreography? They dance and move like girls do it when they are needing to wee. It looks a little bit like a potty dance.“

“They are needing to wee.“ answered another boy.

“Why do you know that? If they really need to pee, why don’t they go to the toilet?“ he asked.

“I heard a talk were a girl asked the coach for a toilet and he told them that here would not be a girls loo. The girl said that they had no chance to wee since lunch and that they can’t dance with their bladder so full.The coach said just that they are old enough to hold their pee for some hours.“ answered the boy.

The boys were really turned on from that situation and from knowing that the girls were needing to wee really bad.

„We have to watch their panties, maybe they get a little bit wet between their thighs when they are spreading their legs and when they have to jump. Must be not so easy to do that with a full bladder in the belly.“ said the boy.

It was not easy for the girls, they did suffer a lot and they did need all their power to perform and to hold it.

Between their shows, they were standing somewhere with tight crossed legs, or they were squatting with their hands between their thighs, or they did a real potty dance.

2 of them did not pee since they left their home in the morning, for them it was especially painful to jump with a bladder big and hard as a soccer ball in the belly.

The girls were needing to wee so bad, but could not go anywhere before they were leaving, they had to go to the bus with their bladders very full and with a strong and painful urge.

For some boys it is very arousing to see a girl desperate to wee, but to see many girls desperate is especially arousing.

To see them hold in different ways, to see them cross their legs, to see their panties under their super short skirts and see them press a hand on the panties exactly on her pussy where the girls wee wants come out so badly and urgently and to hear them moan and talk about their need to pee, was absolutely exciting and arousing for the boys.

The coach was in pee holding heaven, he could not get enough to watch the girls.

The two who did not weed since they was getting up in the morning, were frantic for to pee, they had both hands pressed between their crossed thighs.

After arriving was one of them squatting beside the bus as soon as she got out. She was needing to pee so bad that she was not even able to go inside the building, she weed in front of all the soccer team.

The show and the performance in the bus and beside the bus was the greatest performance ever from the cheerleaders for the boys.

