Even FullHearts Can Overflow

Author: holditin

*000*2020-02-14 01:13

At 2 am, just as I’d suspected, Nurse Chelsea returned to my doorway. “Oh please! I just need a little more! If I can let a little more out I’ll be able to outhold Kelsey by hours, I just know it!” she pleaded, and once more I found my generous side taking over and bade her to come in and use the bathroom. We closed the door and Chelsea nearly ripped her pants from the speed with which she deposited them on the floor. No sooner had Nurse Chelsea turned and sat on the toilet, giving me a lovely view of her bare rump in the process, than there was a sharp knocking on the bathroom door.

“Please open up! I can’t keep all this in!” came the cries from the other side of the door. Chelsea had begun her stream, just for a half-second, and cutting it off now was clearly torturing the poor girl. However, I knew just who was calling us, and so I opened the door to reveal Nurse Kelsey, hop-scotching about with her bulbous abdomen cradled in one hand while the other was nestled firmly between her thighs. Her whole body was quivering and she was at wit’s end. “Please…..pee…..” she whispered softly, clearly using every bit of energy she possessed to hold the deluge back for mere seconds longer. Kelsey was concentrating with such vigor to hold her pee that for a few seconds I don’t think she realized I had opened the door. Chelsea had gotten up from the toilet seat and stood over it, legs shaking madly as she fought to appear undisturbed by the mammoth load she was containing while in front of her sister.

Kelsey finally paused long enough to look up and take in the sight of Chelsea and me in the bathroom, but she was too desperate to care. Nurse Kelsey fidgeted her way into the bathroom with us, nearly shoving me over in a last ditch effort to reach the toilet. Chelsea, for her part, made no attempt to move from her position, standing directly over the glistening white bowl. Kelsey whimpered and I could see her begin to leak with the toilet in such close proximity. Kelsey came right up to Chelsea and tried to move her to the side, but Chelsea would not budge. Then she noticed Kelsey’s pee dribbling down her legs and suddenly Nurse Chelsea was spurting small bursts of pee into the toilet. With their faces screwed up in agony, both women tried to cut off the stream, clearly tortured by both the white hot need to urinate and the embarrassment of losing control in front of the other sister.

Alas, after a monumental effort of perhaps half a minute that brought the trickles to a halt, Kelsey could hold on no longer. 50 hours of pent up piss shot out of her pussy with force. She had her pants at her knees and was trying desperately to arch her back enough to aim the firehose at the toilet below Chelsea’s legs. All this resulted in was splattering Chelsea’s lower half with piss, and that set Chelsea off. Her bladder’s floodgates opened and there was nothing she could do to stop it. Both women were standing with naked legs and vaginas visible, facing each other and letting rip absolute torrents of hot, steaming, 50 hour old piss.

Some of it was managing to get into the toilet bowl, but the majority was landing on the bathroom floor and on each other. But the twins were in too much ecstasy from their relief to care, screaming out their joy from the pleasure they now felt. Neither made any attempt to move out of the way of the hard stream coming from the other’s pussy. I watched as two massive bladders deflated right before my eyes, each woman clearly holding liters and at the end her capacity’s limits.

Then a figure burst into the room and began to yell. It was Doctor Sarah Gallagher, clearly coming to investigate the wild noises emanating from my bathroom. “What in God’s name is this?!” Sarah shouted, eyeing the two madly pissing women. Kelsey and Chelsea tried to straighten up and look Sarah in the face, but they were unable to do so. Their bladders still had so much more piss to empty out, and soon the two nurses sank back down into each other and continued to let their pee loose over the toilet.

Sarah huffed in a fit of anger, “My goodness! What has happened to this place?? Do none of you have any control??” Sarah turned away from us and towards the door, giving me an exquisite view of her completely gargantuan bladder bulge. She was now holding back 62 hours of piss in that overinflated vessel, but somehow the doctor appeared to be in control of her waters even now. Sarah was constantly clenching and unclenching her fists, and from the low emergency lighting I could see sweat pouring down her face, but she was holding on and doing so better than the rest. Sarah began walking out of the room and was met there by Nurse Amy. There was panic in the nurse’s eyes and she had her legs squeezed as tightly as possible. As she began to speak she double crossed them even harder, “Doctor Gallagher! I heard…..a commotion….What’s….”

“Oh good, Nurse Amy! It’s good to see you still as dry as ever! Why, I do believe you’re the only nurse who hasn’t…disgraced herself yet. Only I and some of the other doctors remain,” Sarah greeted her, pleased with the nurse’s efforts. The doctor shot a deadly glance back at the three of us still huddled in our pool of piss in the bathroom, but when she turned back to Amy, the bursting girl muttered, “Yes…..dry….dry….dry…” and then shrieked as she stayed dry no longer. Urine poured through her uniform, soaking it in seconds. Amy squatted down in a bid to regain control, but all it accomplished was making her piss even harder. With willpower that I didn’t know existed, Sarah Gallagher stared Nurse Amy down as she fell to the floor and continued to pee, and the doctor didn’t move a muscle. She was clearly clenching her muscles to their max, but her legs did not cross and her hands stayed at her sides. Sarah Gallagher’s bladder was a stone fortress - that much was certain.

Sarah strode out into the halls, and I finally left my two piss-soaked twins to get a better view of the proceedings. “Can no one here hold in their piss for just a couple of hours??” Sarah shouted into the empty hallways before her. Those halls were filled with chatty, bursting nurses just hours before, but now the nurses had either gone to rest after their release, or they simply sauntered on with their eyes glazed over, still unable to comprehend the failure of their once-iron bladders. “There really isn’t a single nurse in this entire building who can hold it??” Sarah called out again in disgust. Then, from a corner room, a woman hobbled into view and began to walk towards Sarah. I peeked out of my room and saw that it was none other than Nurse Jasmine, looking for all the world about 7 months along in a pregnancy. She took shivering steps, but the nurse was holding strong. “I’m still holding it, Doctor Gallagher, after 53 hours. No release and no relief for me!

I wouldn’t….wouldn’t even dream of it!” Nurse Jasmine stated proudly when she came up next to Sarah, though her body language belied just how remarkably desperate she was to let go of her near-endless supply of piss. Rather than excitement at finding the strongest remaining nurse, Sarah replied with indignation, “You??? YOU?!?!? Nurse Jasmine, with all due respect (she said the word with a heavy dose of sarcasm), you seem ready to pop! Why don’t you just do us all a favor and squat down here, open yours legs up nice and wide, and take that piss you’re clearly dying for. Let the real ladies keep their floods back, and you can be dismissed and find a hospital to work in where they don’t mind accident-prone women.”

I couldn’t believe Sarah’s tone. Perhaps there was more to this rivalry than I knew… “I’ll show you how a true bladder queen holds it in and continues her work! Make no mistake, I am strong enough to outhold you and I will take pleasure in showing you!” Jasmine fired back, spreading her shaking legs to show off her control. Her knees wilted briefly as a particularly strong bladder spasm wracked her aching body, but the Asian nurse held firm.

Sarah simply rolled her eyes and spat back, “We’ll just see about that, girlie…. Now don’t you have patients to attend to?” Sarah stalked away from Nurse Jasmine and met up with the Indian doctor, Rumi, who was coming out of an adjacent room. Rumi was sweating all over and now sported a bladder bulge that rivalled both Jasmine’s and Sarah’s, but it was quite evident the toll it was taking on her to contain it. “You’ve been holding it for what, 60 hours? Isn’t that right, doctor?” Sarah asked her, emphasizing the word ‘doctor’ to make it clear what she thought of Jasmine’s status as a nurse.

Rumi nodded her head a bit too quickly, as if all her power was being used elsewhere and she had no more left to move her head at an even pace, but she did sputter out, “Yes….yes Sarah….of course….60 hours and I haven’t peed….ohhhhhh….peed a drop!” Sarah turned back to Nurse Jasmine, “See Nursey, don’t give me that ‘53 hours’ crap! Real women hold it for 60 hours and then keep waiting! Let’s go, Rumi…” Sarah walked off with Rumi struggling after her. Jasmine, now left alone, noticed me for the first time and realized I had watched the entire last few minutes unfold. “Pay her no mind. I told you, I’ve been training up for a day like this…..I just hope my bladder of steel doesn’t let me down. It’s really hurting down there!” Jasmine admitted to me, before she too left to continue her rounds.

Over the next few hours, I witnessed all of the other doctors, the strongest of the strong with the largest bladders in the entire hospital, give in and piss, one by one. Each flood was more tantalizing than the last, and it was crazy to watch the reactions of these women. I doubted some of them had even felt troubled by their bladders ever in their lives before this power outage, and yet they all eventually stood in the middle of giant, sweeping puddles, their exhausted bladders finally giving up the fight after hours and days without a single drop escaping. By 9 am, the only women who remained dry were Rumi, Jasmine, and Sarah Gallagher herself. They all seemed about to crack. Jasmine was taking shuddering breaths while rubbing her agonized abdomen, tears forming in her eyes and running down her face.

“60 hours….60 hours….60 hours…” she repeated to herself whenever she had breath to spare. Rumi had given up all semblance of outward control and was pee dancing wildly, scissoring her legs and squatting down at all times. She was still, despite it all, trying to move from patient to patient, but the wait of 67 hours had rendered her strong bladder control nearly useless. Sarah Gallagher was filled to her max. She was nearly like a balloon about to pop. I was seriously worried that if someone so much as touched her, the suffering woman would rupture and piss would fly everywhere. She was red-faced and oozing sweat. She would even puff out her cheeks now and again from the effort of holding, completing the balloon look. Still, after 69 long hours, this was to be expected. All three women had far surpassed any limits they thought they had. Driven by such a maniacal will to hold, I knew the only way these women would piss was if they reached total muscle failure.

All three were certainly close, teetering on the edge of explosion and then convincing their bodies to contain the load for seconds longer before repeating the process, again and again, over and over. Then all three women found themselves walking towards the same patient together. Luck would have it that all of their pathways converged after all this time. Jasmine and Sarah took big breaths and somehow managed to stand straight up and walk, a stiff walk, but otherwise a walk that appeared fairly normal. Their bladders stuck straight out of their bodies and almost seemed fake, like an implant tacked on to an already perfect breast. Rumi watched the two of them do this, then tried to follow suit, arching her back and removing her hands from her quivering vagina. She succeeded for perhaps 3 or 4 seconds, and then Rumi’s thick, tender legs shook harder than they had all morning. The Indian doctor gasped and yelled out, her hands flying back to her rebelling crotch, but it was too late.

Piss sprayed from Rumi like a tap on full blast. No amount of muscle strength could keep it back, and despite Rumi’s incredible efforts to regain control, she did not so much as put a dent in the flood that was erupting from her nether regions. Jasmine and Sarah immediately stopped walking and had to put their full energy, everything they had left, into retaining their own waters in the face of Rumi’s bursting defeat. The two stood stock still as fresh urine pooled at their feet, both women refusing to budge and use their hands to hold, relying on aching sphincters and pure desire only. This contest of wills was surely madness.

I couldn’t tell how either one of them lasted without bursting, but their ponderous loads of urine remained firmly trapped inside their iron-strong holding tanks. After what seemed like hours, Rumi’s waterfall ran out, and no new waterfall joined it. With a sneer and a nod, Sarah Gallagher clenched up and managed to walk passed the shivering Jasmine to continue her rounds. She spared Rumi only the smallest of glances, her fellow doctor clearly having lost her respect now that her bladder had proven to have a finite capacity. When Sarah was out of sight, I saw Jasmine fight for half a minute to keep from grabbing her crotch. The urgency in her body increased by leaps and bounds without her rival staring her down, and eventually Jasmine had no choice but to bend double and clutch between her strong thighs. I knew that soon neither woman would be able to remain dry, iron bladders or not.

Sure enough, as the clock continued to tick, both Sarah and Jasmine’s ability to hold began to break down. I caught Sarah furiously rubbing herself in an empty room in a last ditch effort to keep her pee shut in. No sooner had she waved me out of the room than I witnessed Jasmine leaning against a desk with her hands rooted firmly to her thighs. Her eyes were closed and she was softly telling herself, “Press it in…press it in…don’t let it out…” while her damp, sweaty hair clung to her face. Both women had pushed themselves passed any and all normal standards of holding capacity, and now both were left with nothing but obscene bladder bulges and scraps of fading willpower.

Their bladders were like concrete, every second pushing and prodding against their totally tapped out sphincters, the pressure-filled orbs of urine asking – no, demanding- release from their prisons. I knew for a fact that neither woman could take any more punishment and pain without unleashing gallons of piss throughout the entire hospital, and yet each minute passed with both women proving me wrong. They took the unimaginable strain and held against it, their bodies on the verge of explosion, their minds doing everything possible not to waver from that one singular thought – hold it in!

At 11 am the two women once again found themselves staring at each other face to face. It was patently obvious that the battle was about to be over. Both women were completely covered in sweat, their eyes were wide from the hurting piss inside them. Their loads of urine were screaming for exit, and neither woman’s bladder was in any shape to resist it longer. Sarah and Jasmine went eye to eye as they struggled, willpower fading into nothingness, hands now planted on their vaginas, their heavy stores of piss now right on the precipice of total eruption.

“A….a nurse….nurse like you…can’t…compete with a….doctor…like…me!” Sarah spat out between nervous breaths, her voice even cracking from the effort she was putting forth. Jasmine was so close to exploding that she couldn’t even respond. She simply whimpered, maintained eye contact with Sarah briefly, and then lowered her head to put her last vestiges of concentration into refusing to let her torturous piss exit her quivering body. “71…71 hours I’ve held this in….nearly three full days! I’ve never…held it in for…three days before…” Sarah continued, saying the words as much in awe to herself as she was bragging to the suffering nurse. For a few seconds, I thought Jasmine would still be unable to respond, but then the girl lifted her head, stared back into Sarah’s eyes, and whispered, “And you won’t…..” Sarah Gallagher’s eyes nearly bugged out of her head.

“How dare you! You insolent nurse! Telling me, Doctor Sarah Gallagher, that I can’t hold back a simple bodily function like peeing! I’ve got the biggest bladder in this hospital! I’ve got the strongest bladder FullHearts has ever seen! I’ve outlasted them all! You’re….you’re…..” Sarah ranted at the nurse, searching for the final word to nail down her insult. At that moment her indescribable bladder suffered a scintillating wave of urgency and cramped up harder than it ever had before. The pressure doubled, then doubled again, until it far worse than any woman could hope to withstand. Doctor Gallagher’s exhausted bladder was in full rebellion and was determined to blow out her overload of piss this very instant.

Sarah yelled out as the pressure hit her, hands wrapped over her bursting pussy, but when she clenched her sphincter as she had done so many thousands of times before in these last three days, the doctor found that no strength remained. Sarah Gallagher had finally hit her maximum limit. “You’re right! I can’t hold it!” Sarah howled in desperation as a torrent of dark yellow piss exploded forth from her clenching bladder. The beautiful bulbous orb began to flatten as Sarah gushed onto the floor, her iron bladder now no better than all the rest after 71 hours of torment. After a few seconds of grasping for control, the ailing doctor slumped down, defeated at last. She had put forth so much effort to contain herself this long that she simply had nothing left, lying on the hospital floor as piss sprayed in every direction from her spewing vagina.

Jasmine lost all composure when Sarah began flooding the hospital with her liters and liters of angry urine, but even when her pee dancing was at its zenith, the nurse refused to lose control of her 62 hour bladder. After nearly ten minutes, Sarah’s bladder finally ran dry. Well in excess of a gallon of pee was covering the floor between them. Then, without warning, the overhead lights began to flicker. Soon they started shining brightly. All across the hospital, light was restored and machines that had been put in standby mode whirred to life. The power had returned to FullHearts Hospital, and just in time for Nurse Jasmine. With halting steps, the desperate girl began to make her way towards the hospital’s exit.

But Sarah Gallagher had regained her senses. “Where do you think you’re going, nursey?” She called to Jasmine, sitting up with anger and annoyance showing on her face. “Don’t think that you’ve proven yourself to be the best among us quite yet! You know damn well that I was holding in 9 more hours of piss than you! And I don’t think your shift is scheduled to end…until you can match it! We’ll see who the bladder queen of FullHearts really is, sweetie!” Jasmine visibly shuddered as a chill ran up her spine at the thought of holding an additional 9 hours. I was sure she’d give in right then and there and release her load, but somehow the Filipino nurse reached down into her endless reserves of willpower and summoned the effort to nod curtly. Jasmine continued walking, but she went right passed the exit doors and turned only when she reached her next patient’s room.

Jasmine would have to hold until 8 pm to match Sarah’s record of 71 hours, and I knew it was going to be a tall, nigh impossible test, even for someone as strong and resilient as Jasmine. Her bladder was overloaded, totally swollen to the brim with steaming piss, and now she was being asked to bear down and contain it for a further 9 hours. I didn’t see how she could accomplish the feat. It seemed even Jasmine’s toes were curling in desperation! I knew she had to go, and bad! I watched her hobble with aching steps from room to room and realized that ‘bad’ didn’t even begin to cover how urgently Jasmine needed a relief. Somehow, the piss stayed in. By noon, Sarah and the rest of the doctors and nurses had started to undertake the monumental task of cleaning up the piss-ridden hospital. They also spared no time in launching insults and snide comments at Jasmine.

I was sure that some of the nicer nurses were only doing so to come off well to Sarah, but the egos of these bladder queens couldn’t stand the fact that one of them remained dry and holding. When she was in between the ever-increasing waves of urgency, Jasmine would lob an insult right back, but otherwise she let her actions (or rather, the inaction of her frothing piss) do the talking. As the early afternoon rolled around, I began to think that Nurse Jasmine might just make it.

Sure, she seemed dead tired, and her legs were now double crossed at all times, but she’d made it this far. Her mammoth bladder was bulging larger than ever, larger even than Sarah Gallagher’s was at its peak, and the force bearing down on her drained and aching sphincter had to be astronomical. I could sense that Sarah was thinking similar thoughts, because within a few minutes she had thrust a bottle of water into Jasmine’s hand with the command to “Drink, bitch!”. The bottle completed, a second one replaced it with a similar command from the doctor. On it went, with Sarah making sure to keep Jasmine pumped up with liquids, at least an extra liter every hour.

For a few hours, Jasmine seemed able to stand the additional pressure. But gradually I saw her coming to her final limits. The piss would win in the end, as it always did. By 5 pm, Jasmine’s pee dancing was absolutely frantic, and by 6 pm I was sure her tired, swollen bladder would simply detonate before any more pee could be forced into it. Her bulge was obscene, her top completely unable to hide the rounded midsection. Her skin was stretched and white, and the poor nurse seemed primed to pop. The other nurses and doctors were even making pregnancy jokes at Jasmine’s expense, and all the while Sarah kept forcing more bottles of water into the Asian’s hands. “Come on, show me how strong that nurse’s bladder of yours really is! Come on, drink another one! Don’t piss it out, now! You have to hold!” Sarah taunted her as Jasmine downed yet another bottle.

As the clock struck 7 pm, 70 hours into Nurse Jasmine’s incredible hold, I saw her piss urgency take a turn for the worse. She was now far passed desperation. It seemed a piss was becoming simply necessary. There was no room left in her body to contain another milliliter of urine, but her kidneys continued to pump it into her. It simply had to come out. Jasmine’s adrenaline had faded long ago, her will was in tatters, and only her muscle strength remained, but even that was on its last legs. No matter what, there is one constant for every woman, regardless of how strong they become and long they train themselves to put off the urge – every woman has to piss. Jasmine began to tremble, and I saw Sarah’s eyes glitter as she was assured of her victory.

Jasmine’s trembling turned into full-body shakes as her body revolted against itself, trying to force Jasmine to blow out all her liters upon liters of torturous piss, to end this hold once and for all. Jasmine was at her wit’s end and began stamping her feet. Her hands were concreted to her most intimate parts. Her bladder began cramping violently in the face of such terrible waves of urgency. The waves all rolled together into one constant surge. Jasmine’s iron bladder squeezed for all it was worth. Pressure this high was enough to break any bladder…

…except Jasmine’s. Sarah Gallagher began to howl with rage as Jasmine trembled and shook and quivered…and held on. The girl would not be defeated, not on this day. Jasmine’s interminable desperation did not cease, the waves came harder and stronger still, but Jasmine’s pee stayed locked away in her iron tankard of a bladder. Time continued to pass and finally it was 8 pm. Jasmine was free! Sarah could do nothing but shoot the Asian nurse one final look of contempt, and then Nurse Jasmine was safely out of FullHearts Hospital, walking with something resembling poise, which was an incredible feat for someone holding 71 hours of boiling urine. Without hesitation, I followed. Watching the ever-increasing desperation of everyone in FullHearts Hospital had given me a great boost, and I could safely say I was on the road to recovery and no longer needed to be there.

I watched as Jasmine walked through the parking lot and found her car. She went to open the door…but nothing happened. Jasmine tried again, pulling harder, but got the same result. The door was jammed. Suddenly the total desperation came rushing back to the Filipino woman. She began clutching at herself and pacing back and forth, her desperation to let out her piss reaching uncontrollable levels. I watched in awe, waiting for the one explosion of pee that I hadn’t yet seen. Jasmine was unable to concentrate, unable to formulate any plan that did not involve opening her car door, and the door would not budge. Then I realized something else – I didn’t want to see this. I couldn’t bear the thought of Nurse Jasmine holding in her pee against all odds for so long in the hospital, outholding Sarah, only to lose her piss like any other girl in the parking lot. A true bladder queen like Jasmine deserved a toilet.

And so I went to her. I turned her around, and the girl was so desperate she did not recognize me for the first moment. Then I bade her to follow me to my car. Jasmine made it to my car, but only because I put an arm under her and nearly carried her there. She could focus on nothing else but the burning desire to release her pee. I asked for directions to her flat, and she was able to mutter and point as I was on the road.

We motored along at surely illegal speeds, but it was all in the name of glorious, relieving pee! Jasmine was hunched over the passenger seat, holding her belly and massaging between her legs while I offered words of encouragement. With luck, we reached her apartment and still Jasmine remained dry. Again, I helped her up the steps to her third floor place. She jiggled the key frantically for a few moments, but finally the door opened. Jasmine sped to the toilet with everything she had, but as I followed her into her apartment I did not hear the pent up spray I expected. Instead, I turned a corner and saw Jasmine, standing frozen in front of her open bathroom door and staring.

There was a clock just above the door, and it read 8:30 pm. Jasmine was licking her lips, staring at her own personal toilet with an almost unfathomable lust. But she did not go in. “Three days…..” she said softly. The implication was clear. Just one half of an hour separated Jasmine from the hallowed three day mark. She would not pee before then. She would force herself to contain the overload a little longer. Then Jasmine turned to me and her face registered shock for a brief second. She had been so lost in her trance for the toilet that it was as if she had forgotten I’d brought her to her apartment. But then the memory flooded back to her, and Jasmine gave herself one more squeeze between her legs before walking back towards the kitchen.

“Would you like some tea?” she asked me in a hoarse voice, the interminable strain of the day taking clear effect. Her footsteps were slow and stiff, her back was bent forward in an effort to give her bladder more room to cope with its hurting load of urine, but I allowed my host to brew and even pour out two cups of tea. We sat on her sofa and drank. I did not bother talking. All of Jasmine’s energy was focused on the clock. It was her ultimate tormentor, even moreso than her bulging bladder. The clock determined her fate. The clock determined when she could pee, and Jasmine had no choice but to hold back her impending flow just a little longer until the clock granted her permission.

I swear Jasmine began to see stars as 9 pm approached. Her sphincter, rock solid only some hours before, was verging on total collapse every second. I saw her taking sharp breaths and kegeling as often as she could. Her hands stayed flatly on her trembling thighs for this final test, much to my amazement. Her bladder was swollen out and seemed to be vibrating, such was her need. The absolute urgency to urinate was driving Nurse Jasmine mad. I could see it in her face. Her thighs clenched and scissored, then scissored again. Soon her legs were in constant motion, even as she sat. Again the waves of piss need began to double and triple the pressure she felt pressing down on her aching sphincter. Her bladder began to pulse as it desperately tried to rid itself of its overload.

She began to moan over and over, a low hum that gradually turned higher in pitch as her bladder’s capacity and ability to hold reached critical, impossible levels. This was Jasmine’s last power, I was certain. We had finally arrived at the bladder queen’s breaking point. And then the clock struck 9! Jasmine leapt off the sofa and flew to the bathroom. She had not seated herself on a toilet for 3 long, arduous days, and now both her bladder’s limits, and the limits of her masochism, had been reached. Jasmine pulled off her pants and threw down her panties in record time and sat down on the toilet…on her toilet. I followed as quickly as I could. I was sure that after all we’d been through in the last 3 days, she would not mind some company.

And she did not, as Jasmine managed to look at me and offer one final small smile before the piss shot out of her. From the mammoth size of her bulge, I was sure Jasmine was holding at least a gallon and a half of hot, stinking piss in her overworked bladder, and now it all tried to get out of her at once. Her stream was like a downpour as it hissed wantonly into the bowl below her. Jasmine’s face, finally, showed comfort and relief. I didn’t think it was possible for anyone to feel as relieved as she surely felt letting out 72 hours, 3 full days, worth of pee all at once. Her stream did not sputter – it continued on unabated for minutes on end. I didn’t think her bladder would ever deflate, but finally her midsection began to appear flat and toned.

Then the splatter of piss came to a halt. Jasmine did not drip dry. Her load of piss was forced out with such fury that she was peeing full bore one moment and was empty the next. It was an incredible sight and still more proof of the awesome urgency she was holding back for so many hours. With her telling smirk back on her face, Jasmine rose from the toilet, gave me a small kiss on the cheek, and led me to the door. “Thanks hun. Whew, I really needed that! Come back any time…” she told me playfully as I exited her apartment. I left and drove myself home in a daze. The last three days had gone by in a flash, but I knew I would never forget my stay at FullHearts Hospital. Perhaps it wasn’t too bad getting sick after all…
