Girls' Night In

Author: hart_of_hearts

*000*2019-12-18 05:48

It was 10pm on a warm Saturday night in July. Rain pelted the sidewalks and raced down the gutters in gushing waves. In the cozy, fire-lit basement of a small suburban house, girlfriends Jackie and Talia had tucked in for the night. The TV flickered, a cheesy sitcom playing quietly in the corner of the room. And Talia sat on the couch, legs crossed and knees bouncing furiously, as Jackie watched her with enraptured amusement.

This was part of a game they recently started trying, in which they would take turns with one filling herself full to bursting with liquid, typically at the command of the other, and the other getting to watch her needy squirming with glee. So far, neither of them had actually wet herself, usually calling it quits once she reached a certain point and running desperately to the bathroom.

Tonight, however, was Talia’s turn, and she was feeling daring. Earlier, she decided she wanted to see how far she could push herself. She confidently told Jackie that she was in charge of when she peed tonight; if Jackie didn’t say she could go, she wouldn’t go. Then, in an even brasher act of bravery that in retrospect might have more been one of stupidity, she downed two cans of Coke right then and there.

That had been two hours ago. Since then, they had moved to the TV room and put on their sitcom, and Talia had drank another can of juice and two glasses of water. And Jackie hadn’t given the slightest hint that she was considering letting her go to the bathroom. Talia was dying.

Rain pattered against the windows outside and slid tantalisingly down the glass. The soft sounds of the television had stopped registering even slightly in either girl’s ears.

“Oh my gooooddd,” Talia hissed as a pulse of desperation welled inside her. She dropped her hands to grip at her crotch, but it was very much past the point of helping.

“What’s the matter, sweetie?” Jackie asked innocently. She glanced down at Talia’s shaking legs and smiled, awash with admiration and arousal.

Talia shifted back and forth, almost rocking the couch with her frantic movements. “I need to goooo,” she gritted out, eyes squeezing shut as she spoke.

“You look uncomfortable,” Jackie went on, feigning concern. “Does your stomach hurt?”

She placed her hand on Talia’s tummy, right above her bulging bladder. Talia froze in terror. Even the implication of pressure there at this point was driving her mad with need, and she knew that if Jackie moved at all, she’d be done for.

“Babe, plea… please don’t push-” Talia stuttered, hardly able to collect herself, before Jackie suddenly pulled her hand away and raised her finger triumphantly.

“I know!” She exclaimed. “I’ll make us some tea. That always soothes you.”

Talia, who had replaced her fists between her legs and returned to wild writhing the second Jackie took her hand away, now looked up at her in wide-eyed fear.

“You don’t need to do that!” she said, practically pleading. “I’m fine, really.”

“Of course you’re not,” Jackie responded with a pout. “Just look at you! You’re shaking like a leaf.”

Talia was. Her legs were trembling so hard and her whole body had now begun to bounce up and down, pitifully trying to do anything to ease some of the pressure off her bladder. Nothing was working; hadn’t been for a long time, and she knew that no matter how much she might want to hold out for Jackie it was only a matter of time before she simply wouldn’t be able to contain all that liquid anymore. Especially since Jackie was apparently going to make her tea. She couldn’t even stand to think of adding more to the pounding sea inside her, but she didn’t have a choice.

“You know I like taking care of you, so let me do this for you, hon,” Jackie said, and she leant down to give Talia a soft kiss on the forehead. “Now you just stay right here and don’t worry about a thing, ok? I’ll be right back.”

Jackie turned then to climb the stairs to the kitchen, leaving Talia alone in her agony. The moment Jackie was out of sight, she stood up, and took a few frantic paces around the room. It didn’t help; the movement put too much pressure on her bladder.

So she moved to the corner of the room and danced in place, cupping her abdomen and shifting from one foot to the other. That proved to be too much, too.

Ultimately, she settled back onto the couch, squirming pathetically. She had barely the presence of mind to grab a pillow and shove it between her legs. This helped… very, very slightly, but she would take whatever she could get at this point. Gritting her teeth and trying to focus on absolutely anything else, Talia waited for Jackie to return with her tea.

End of Part 1

