No wee for a waitress girl! - Page 2

Author: huberp76

*021*2019-11-24 12:10

{{12 hours ago, HoldingPrinces said:

Thank youuu. But not till evening ; but till night.

By the way dancers are also a similar group of people who hold pee all day like that, as I do currently.

Sometimes I also wear one-piece tight bodysuits for dancing and cheer leading events, under the costumes.

}}

You would be a waitress girl who could do a double shift, from morning until night, with no pee break between.

Not a single wee for you, all your hot urine had to stay in your bladder.

I would love to visit you at the end of your shift!

Would your panty still be dry?

Great that you wrote last time with your bladder full from all day.

Did you need to go bad? Really bad?

*022*2019-11-24 13:22

{{15 hours ago, Adrian6970wc said:

Well I guess she'd be tall and slim, wearing a cream blouse and tartan skirt. Her panties would be white and clean on that morning. Very likely she'd be called Anne.

}}

Yes, I think Anne is tall and slim.

She is wearing a super short skirt, maybe knee socks. Her knees and her slim thighs are naked .

At the end of her weeless day she should have to show us her white panties.

Anne‘s bladder is full to burst, but her panties have to be dry!!!

*025*2019-11-25 19:44

{{On ‎11‎/‎24‎/‎2019 at 4:16 AM, peeople said:

Will some girls be reminded that the shift is very busy ,very long ,so they have no tome use toile during 8hours.before they accepted te job

}}

You mean it is at the waitress girls similar than at the supermarket cashiers what you wrote about some month ago?

The girl gets told that she should have a strong bladder and a good ability to hold it, because if it is busy she sometimes would not have time to go all day long and the girl has to accept this at the employ interview? Do you think so?

I would love to test the girls!!!

*027*2019-11-26 12:25

{{On 11/24/2019 at 4:08 PM, wether said:

I think the panties do not need to be white, but generally a light colour is better. Pink, or light blue, or red, could also be nice. These are not the lightest colours, but light enough to get darker when wet.

}}

You want to see a dark spot on her panties, there where it is over her squeezed slit.

You want that she can’t go until she can’t hold it anymore and that she has to work until the end of her shift with her panties a little bit wet?

That would be really hot, but I think that Anne is strong enough to keep her panties dry.

Her bladder can endure a lot, she can hold it in, even her poor bladder is bulging out from her flat belly!

*028*2019-12-02 22:26

No wee for a waitress girl Part 3

I could not wait to spend the promised day with "my" waitress girl.

We agreed that her next fee day should be "my" day. She agreed that we meet at early afternoon and that she would not wee after her morning pee.

On my special day we met at 2 pm in the city. She did wear a super short summer dress, her magnificently legs was nude.

I was nearly forced to touch this legs, but i was to shy to do it. I did not know at all how and where this day would end and what she would let me do with her. We did not talk about rules before, but we both did know it would not be a date as usual.

"What are we doing?" she asked. " I think we should go for a drink" i answered and smiled.

She did exactly know why she should drink, she smiled back and said "I am not thirsty, but i let you be a bad boy, i let you fill and torture my poor bladder! That is it what you like, to torture a girls bursting bladder!!? I did know that from the first moment at my coffee shop

My bladder is yours for this evening" she said.

"Only for the evening?" i asked. "Let us see, maybe until the end of the day,"she answered.

We went to a bar for a Longdrink. She was sitting beside me, her bar stool was turned to me, her short dress was so far up at her slim, naked thighs that i could see her white panty.

She did know that, she wanted to tease me and did spread her thighs more apart.

OMG, shy or not shy, i could not think about that, i could not think about anything, i only had to touch this legs and i just did it.

I did slide with my hand on her thigh from her knee up nearly to her panty and she did let me do it.

She made me so horny that i wanted to fuck her at the moment on a table of this bar.

I remembered that she told me that she gets aroused from make boys horny and that was it what she did with me.

She should get punished for that, i thought to myself.

Her bladder should pay for that, for teasing me. No wee for her, even she think that her bladder will explode!

About 2 or 3 hours later we was standing in front of a fashion shop window. She crossed her wonderful legs, looked at me, smiled and said "I need to wee."

To see her crossed legs, to hear that she would need to wee, made me hard at the moment. She looked at my crotch and smiled again. It was her kind of a game she wanted to play with me, she wanted to tease me.

"It seems today is not one of your good days, not at all your best day, if you have to cross your legs to keep you panty dry at afternoon, what will you do at the evening?" i said.

"Yes, i need to wee pretty bad, but don't worry, i don't go, i don't go until you let me. You are the master of my bladder for today, but you should know, i did not wee since yesterday evening. I skipped my morning pee for you.

I think that you and your little friend, down there like that."she said and looked down at my bulging pants.

She did put her hand on her lower belly, massaged her swollen bladder and said " I am holding my wee from 18 hours down there, but i am a waiter girl, i can hold more if i have to, i can hold more if you don't let me go."

What did this girl do with me? I was so horny that it was painful for me, it should be painful for her too, but at another way.

"Let me feel how full you are." i said and pushed with my hand in her belly. I could feel how firm and how swollen her girl bladder was. I pushed and pressed really hard on it.

Anne crossed her great legs and moaned "You naughty little boy, you want to make me wet my panty. Maybe that my panties gets wet this evening, but not from pee" she said.

What kind of game does she play with me? She let her poor bladder suffer, she is willing to endure a painful urge to wee, just to make me horny, just to tease me!

What should i do to her, what should i do with her?

What would you like to do with her?

*032*2019-12-15 00:18

{{On 12/8/2019 at 1:49 AM, HoldingPrinces said:

Take her to a night club and dance with her

}}

Yes that is a good idea, to take her to a night club to dance with her.

I think first a go to a cinema with her, I want to push my finger in her girl slit and I want to play, for 2 hours,with her full bladder.

I want to push and press on it to make her strong urge stronger.

After the cinema to a dance club. I think it will be difficult for her to move with her bladder full from the night and from the day?!

Do you think she starts to leaking, or she wets her panties, if we dance a slow dance and if I take her ass in my hands and press her belly, with her swollen, bulging bladder hard against my belly and against my hard one?

*033*2019-12-18 11:31

{{On 12/3/2019 at 5:18 AM, wether said:

Tell her to do some gymnastic excercises that make it harder to hold. When she can't hold it any longer, shy must pee into a bottle so you know how large her bladder is. After that you can do with her whatever you want

}}

It is a good idea, to let her do some exercise to make it harder for her to hold it, to make her urge and her need stronger.

What kind of experience do you think she should make?

I think jumping jack’s would be good.

To make a girl lie on a table, will be good too.

Her legs on the floor, her back on the table. She is bended back, so that her stomach muscles and the skin get stretched and press her swollen, bulging bladder back in her belly.

That will make a lot of extra pressure on and in her poor bladder.

To make her lie on the floor, with her belly down, would be good too.

She has to lie on her swollen belly, maybe a hard pillow, there where her bladder is bulging out.

Then she has to lift her arms and her legs, so that she is lying with all her weight on her belly, or better on her overfilled bladder.

I think that would make her urge really strong and much harder to hold for her.

*035*2020-02-21 22:37

{{On 11/24/2019 at 4:16 AM, peeople said:

Will some girls be reminded that the shift is very busy ,very long ,so they have no tome use toile during 8hours.before they accepted te job

}}

Would you like that the girls get told that they have to be able to hold their wee all day and that they have to accept that they can’t go to the loo?

Would you like that they get told that they will lost their job if they can’t endure it, so that they have to hold it no matter how bad they would need to go?

*037*2020-05-06 21:03

{{On 12/6/2019 at 4:05 AM, filthyweeb said:

I would do a life or death style game, where in if she gets a question wrong or does soemthing wrong, you push on her bladder or make her do something to exemplify the desperation

}}

Do you like to press and to push on a girls overfilled bladder to increase her urge and her need to wee?

*039*2020-05-09 23:44

No wee for a waitress girl. Part 4

We went for a early dinner to a little Italien restaurant.

My waitress girl did not wee since 21 hours.

She would have needed it so much, but her bladder was mine for this evening and wanted to make it full to explode.

No wee for Anne!

During the dinner i could not think anything else then on the girls bladder and how strong her urge to wee must have been, after holding it for so long and drinking so much.

I was total aroused and i wanted more of it, so i started a conversation about pee holding.

I asked her if her colleague at the coffee shop, is also able to suppress her urge to pee for so long.

She said that they were told at the job interview that there would be one day, every two weeks where they have to work alone and that they would have no chance to go to the loo all day long.

They had to agree to that and they had to conform that they are able to endure that.

She said that this would be not so unusual. Girl’s in a kiosk have the same situation, there is no loo and the girls can’t wee all day long.

Or at street festivals, most of the vendor girls have a bladder big as a melon, at the end of the day.

”What are they doing if they need to wee so bad that they can’t hold it anymore “ I wanted to know.

”They can do nothing but to hold it, there are so many people’s around, they simply can’t pee, no matter how bad they would need to do it. “ she said.

Anne said that she has a girl friend who did from time to time street vendor job’s, she told her that the most evil thing at this job is to hold sometimes a bursting bladder for hours.

Need to wee like crazy, but absolutely nowhere to go.

”I know that feeling from my job “ said Anne, “not all girls can do that, but some of us girls have good conditions and are good trained too!”

” You can train your bladder and your sphincter to endure the pressure, to keep your panties dry, but you have to train your will too. You have to get used to suppress your bodily needs and to endure a sometimes painful urge to wee.” she said.

There are so many situations where boys can pee but girls have to hold it. They can’t squat anywhere , even they are full to burst.

”I see you like it to talk about bursting girl bladder’s” said my waitress girl and looked at my bulging pants.

”How is your bladder? Big and hard as a bowling ball, exactly how i like the bladder of a girl ?” i wanted to know. “ I think you should drink something.” i said and ordered a large drink for her.

”You know that i did not wee since 22 hours and you make me drink more and more, i am sure you would not let me go to the loo if i ask you to be allowed to go “ she said.

”Why do you boys like to torture us girls, not letting us wee if we need to go so bad, why do you like to see us suffer from a painful urge pee, why do you love to fill our bladder full to burst?” she asked.

” I don’t really know that, but i know for sure, that you girls are so sexy if you are desperate to pee, if you cross your legs, if you bend over and press your hands between your thighs .” I answered.

” I will not do that, i don’t need my hands to hold my wee in.

“I am a good trained waitress girl, and i have an iron will, my bladder has to obey “ she said.

She should get punished for so much arrogance, i thought to myself.

Even the strongest girl piss her panties if you don’t let her go long enough.

I just have to make her drink and hold and then her bladder will bring her to the limit of her endurance.

I wanted to challenge her and so i asked her if her colleague is better in holding than she.

She told me that she would be in the same level with her and that she is a little slut too.

Her little skirt is shorter than her’s, so that you can see her panties if she bend over the table, to take a cup or a glass.

She loves nothing more in the world than money and she is ready to do something for money.

There is a group of 4 till 5 young men between 30 and 40 years, they like it, like you, if girls are desperate to pee.

This guy’s comes at the evening on days where she is working alone. They know very well that she did not wee all day long and that she would need to go pretty bad.

The men invite her for some drinks. They don’t buy just the drinks, they buy extra for that, that she drink it.

She makes a lot of money with that. The guy’s take always the table in a corner, so that the other guests can’t see them.

For a good tip she let the guy’s reach, with their hands under her skirt. She let them feel her swollen bladder and she let them press on it.

Sometimes she overdo it and she drink too much, all for the good money, and she starts to leaking.

The men can see it on her moves and on her face, how much she suffer from the need to wee.

”Is your panty still dry?” he asked, reached under her skirt and can feel that it is wet.

” Oh our little sluty did wee wee in her panty” said the guy and showed the pee wet finger, to his friends.

He smelled on it and then he pushed the finger in his mouth.

Another guy did the same, he did feel her wet panties between her thighs, pushed it by side and pushed his finger, deep in her slit and then he licked his finger.

Sometimes she had to work for 2 more hours leaking, with a wet panty and full to burst.

After the dinner, we went to a dancing bar. The first way was to the bar, for a drink.

”Oh no, no more to drink, i can’t anymore, all my belly hurts from needing to wee so bad. Let me to the loo !” she pleaded.

I did not let her go! But i made her drink.

I think that was reality, she wanted a piss, she was full to her limit. She did not say it just to make me horny.

I was horny as hell and i did not want to let her pee .

I did take her to a slow dance, I did take her little ass in my two hands and pressed her body hard against my body, belly to belly.

My hard cock pressed hard on her bladder and the extra pressure from outside made her nearly crazy.

“I piss my panties if you don’t stop that, i can’t anymore, please let me pee!“ she pegged.

She did not wee since 25 hours, i did not stop to press her bladder, but i did stop her talking, i kissed her hot and madly .

I had to be careful not to cum in my pants and she had to be carful not piss her panties.

A last drink and then we did leave, we wanted to go to my house.

At the exit was a toilet, she pegged that i would let her go. She can’t anymore, she really, really need to wee now. She said.

”Not even 30 minutes and we were at home, you have to endure that and your bladder has to obey!” i said.

She was frantic to pee, but i did not let her go.

On the way to the car, she stopped and crossed her wonderful legs.

”I think you don’t have to cross your legs, to hold your wee in” i teased her.

”Oh it’s no more funny, i am about to explode! To hold it for so long and to drink so much, was not a good idea. Now i know how my colleague feels with her guy’s.“she said .

All her body was shaking and i could see drops of urine running down on the nude, smooth skin of her thighs.

She could not stop it, she lifted her skirt, pulled her panties down and pissed between the cards, with high pressure.

She pissed so long and so much that it was nearly unbelievable.

Where could this thin girl hold so much wee? A big part of her bladder must have been outside of her belly!

She could not understand what she has done and she could not believe it.

Next time she will do it better, she promised me.

I did take her home and we fucked nearly all night long.

Some days later, she called me and told me that i should pick her up from her shift, for a nice evening.

She did not have a wee in the morning, she is holding it since yesterday evening.

But that could be a next part.

*040*2020-05-15 21:53

{{On 5/7/2020 at 6:19 PM, Peter-P said:

What about much to drink in the cinema (e.g. the biggest Coke for each of you - but she will have to drink both monster Cokes...)

Probably something diuretic... beer, Coke, water, coffee, etc.

And a good exercise is to do as many as possible sit-ups and after a break a new set and another.

If there are shops for it, you can try to buy her a strong training corset for tight lacing to get an hour glass figure - or at least a strong lether belt made for jeans plus a cushion etc. to put it onto her bladder before her belly gets tight laced until it is flat again...

Let her fight this and encourage her to not show her pain to other people in public...

If you are doing good, you can probably take her home and refuse her a pee there until morning. Then she has to go to her work - of cause unrelieved, but you promise to pick her up in the late evening...

Probably she then gets a real problem, but probably she will try to follow you also that night?!?

}}

That sounds so good „take her home, refuse her a pee until morning and then she has to go unrelieved to her work „

Next time I’ll try that! Do you think she can endure that?

Do you think that any girl can endure it?
