Milenko

Author: huberp76

*000*2020-04-18 12:21

In my youth I had a friend, his name was Milenko.

He was thin, but muscular, he was smooth and cute like a girl.

He had long hair, a pretty face. He was younger than me and i did really like him.

We went out together, first with some girls, but after awhile we realized, that we wanted more than just a friendship and that we did feel that we were attracted by each other.

We did not take about it, but we wanted to spend more and more time together. We started to look for opportunities to spend nights together.

We did not have real sex, but we did love to sleep together, totally naked in one bed and we did like the feeling if our bodies were pressed together.

I loved it, if one of his slim thighs was between my thighs and I loved it when he pressed his belly against my belly, especially when i did know that there is a overfilled bladder in his abdomen.

I loved his thin body!

I loved it, if his bladder was bulging out from his thin, usually flat stomach.

Since we meet, i noticed that he did never go to the toilet, not even if we did spend a long time together.

I did not know why, but i thought there could have been more reasons for that.

1. He did love holding, he did love the feeling of a full bladder.

2. He wanted to show me his ability to hold it for so long.

Later, i made him wait and i made him hold, whenever i had a chance to do it and I think, that he did know that.

3. He did hold it for me, because he did know that i like it and that i makes me horny.

4. He was a masochist, he wanted to be made to hold, he wanted not being allowed to go and he wanted to get his bladder tortured.

I did not know the reason.

I had many experiences with him where he did hold a bursting bladder in his slim belly for a long time.

Once we made a weekend trip.

After the first night, of our trip, we were together in the bathroom. We made our morning toilet and went for the breakfast.

Milenko did not pee in the morning and he did not pee, before we were leaving.

We had lunch at 12 and went to the car.

We had both a large beer. No one of us went to the loo.

Milenko had not peed since after dinner, at about 9 pm.

At about 2 pm he told me that he would need to pee pretty bad.

Maybe the pee from all the night and from today and then this large beer was to much for his bladder?!!

He was not begging for to stop anywhere, he just told me that he was needing to go.

I loved it, he was sitting beside me, just with a shirt and a short short. His slim, smooth legs were nude and i did know that he was needing to pee, i did know that he did not piss since 17 hours.

I was needing to pee too, i did not go since this morning.

I had to hold it, because i did not wanted to give him a chance to go and i did like it to be full and to hold a full bladder.

Needing to pee and to imagine how bad he must have to go, after holding it for so long, was total arousing for me

My left hand was on the steering wheel and my right hand was on his left, slim thigh.

I pushed the legs of his short shorts more up at his thighs, to see more of it.

Sometimes I could see it and i could feel it with my hand, how he tensed his muscles to hold it in.

I think that he was needing to pee really bad and that the pressure in his bladder must have been high.

Milenkos bladder could never be full enough for me. His bladder should get bigger, it should stretch more, but no relief for the skinny boys bladder!!

One hour later, he remained me at a experience that we had with 2 girls, sometimes ago.

We made a day trip with 2 girls. On the way home, at the evening, there was a accident on the motorway.

The girl’s were needing to wee, but nowhere to go.

We was standing for hours. Some men and some boys did get out of their cars, to take a much needed piss beside the car.

Girls could not do that, they had to hold it.

Our 2 girls were getting more and more desperate, especially on of them, it was “my “ girl or better the girl beside me.

She had both of her hands between her thighs and pressed hard on her girl slit, that was needing to wee so bad.

She had tears in her eyes from her painful urge, but nowhere to go for her, she had to hold it!

Everyone has a limit and this girl was over her limit .

“I can’t hold it any longer , i HAVE to piss now, I do it in my panties „ she said and opened the door.

Before she could get her panties down, before she could squat, she started to piss full force.

Amazing how much this girl was pissing, her bladder must have been big as a melon.

She did not wee all day long, the same as the second girl, she did not have a pee.

The second girl did get extreme desperate too, her girl friend was now empty, but she was full to burst! She was able to hold it until we did get to a parking lot, one hour later.

It was a really exciting day trip!

I think that Milenko did like it too, to be with two bursting girls in a car for hours.

He told me that he would be nearly in the same situation by now, as this girl at our trip.

He did not ask for a stop.

One hour later he told me that he would piss in his pants, if we don’t arrive soon.

It was not a question to stop for him to take a much needed pee, no one of us did talk about this opportunity.

It seemed like it was no other way for him than to wait until we arrived, it was like if he was not allowed to piss before we were here.

We were on a country road and it would not have been a problem to stop, nobody was around.

Was it like a game, or was he to shy or to proud to do that.

Weeks later, I did know that he was devot and that he was waiting until i did let him go, i did know that he was maso, so that he did like it made to be hold.

His bladder had to endure a lot of torture, for him and for me!

He was rubbing his bony knees together, he squeezed his nude thighs with both hands very hard.

The poor boy was needing to pee so bad and i loved it.

I pushed his shirt up to see his swollen belly and his belly was swollen, really swollen!

I pressed with my hand on his bladder, to make him moan and he moaned, from this extra torture.

As we arrived at our hotel, we had to wait at the reception.

He was standing light bend forward and his slim, nude legs, was tight crossed.

So arousing for me, to see him like this.

He looked around and i did know very well, what for he was looking.

He did see the restroom at the other side of entrance hall and wanted to go there.

I did know where he wanted to go, but i wanted to tease him and asked “where are you going?”

”There where i am needing to go since i did wake up this morning!” he answered consequent.

” No you will not go now, you will wait here until we are ready here and then you can go in our room!

I think you will be able to hold it for so long!” I said, also consequently.

He did obey and was waiting.

At our room, i went in the bathroom before he could get in, not to take a much needed piss, no i wanted to hold my full bladder, because I love to hold my own bladder, since i can remember.

I wanted that he could not get in, he should be forced to hold it longer, no piss for Milenko!

As i came out, he was lying on our bed, he did only wear his little undies.

He was lying on his side, his knees was up at his chin, I think he wanted to give his bladder more room.

He wanted to get up, he wanted and needed to go to the loo, but i did not let him.

I laid myself to him and started to wrestle soft with him.

His bladder was swollen and hard. He did not pee for more than 20 hours, he was needing it so bad, but i did not let him.

I did love to torture the overfilled bladder of this thin boy, to press on it, to push it, to massage it!

I did love to lie on him with all my weight, bladder on bladder. I did like to feel how hard our cocks pressed between our bellies on our overfilled bladders.

He was shaking from needing to pee so bad, we could not get enough from it.

We did it as long as we both cumed between our bellies.

Then i did let him pee.

He pissed his swollen belly away, he pissed as long until his abdomen was total flat, so long until his belly did curve inside, between his pregnant hip bones.

I loved his thin body this way too!

It was unbelievable how much pee this boy could hold, how big he could make his bladder.

This was my first desperation time with him.

After that we had many experiences like this.

To hold it for 24 hours, was not really a big problem for him, he did it many times, but one or two hours longer did make him frantic.

27 hours was his absolutely limit.

I hope you like my story!?

*001*2020-05-17 21:34

Another experience with Milenko.

On a Saturday afternoon we went to a sport event to another down.

The event started late at evening and did last until late at night.

We decided to sleep there and go back on Sunday.

Milenko did take a pee before we left on Saturday afternoon.

He did not pee at the event, he did not pee before we went sleep and he did not pee in the morning before we went to the car, to go home.

At noon he told me that he would be hungry and that he would like to stop for something to eat.

I thought that he would lie, that he wanted more to piss than to eat.

I did not want to let him, his bladder should stay full and his urge should get stronger.

I did drive one hour longer before i stopped and i was nearly disappointed that he did not want to go straight to the loo.

We went to a table and ordered food and I ordered one large beer for him.

He always was a good boy and he did drink it.

No one of us went to the toilet.

In the car i asked him if he would not need to pee and he answered that he would need to go pretty bad, but that he could hold it longer.

I was not surprised that he had to go, but i was surprised that he did not.

A full bladder, so many hours without a piss and a large beer, was not a good combination for him.

After not even one hour he asked me to stop for him to take a pee.

“No, hold it!“ i said and did go on.

He did not pee for more than 24 hours and he was needing it really bad.

He did wear a little short shorts and i did love it, how he rubbed his knees together and how he squeezed with his hands, his naked, slim and smooth thighs.

I reached with my hand in his short, from the waistband down and could feel how swollen his belly was and how his hard bladder was bulging out.

I pressed a little bit on it, to make his urge stronger.

“Please let me pee, i need to go since before we went to bed yesterday. Please stop anywhere, all my belly hurts from needing to pee so bad „ he was begging.

I smiled and said „ you are a big boy, you can hold it.“

“ I really, really, really need to piss!“ he said, crossed his slim legs and squeezed his cock.

He did not pee since 25 hours, but I did not let him, i did not stop.

He had to hold it until home and he could hold it.

I did not let him to the loo at home, i did take him to my bed for one more hour.

Milenko did hold the urine from nearly 27 hours in his swollen belly.

His bladder was hard as a rock and was bulging out from his slim belly, between his bony hip bones up to his navel.

His slim, smooth body was hard pressed against my body and i could feel his bulging bladder on my belly.

I did love to press on it and he did love it, to get his bladder tortured.

*003*2020-06-03 12:22

{{On 5/28/2020 at 7:51 PM, eucoloco said:

Wow

Love you're story. There’s nothing sexier in the world than a slim guy bulging bladder.

Actually I’m a huge bulging bladder fan but after tumblr going kinda down I must update my stuff here. I ended up here on a The Bulging Diary forum

Amazing story gonna look for more of yours

}}

I am glad that you like my story.

I love that too, a overfilled, bulging bladder between the hip bones from a very slim boy!

I love to see it, to feel it with my hand and to press on it.

*004*2021-01-30 00:48

One more experience with Milenko.

It was Saturday as we went to a kind of amusement park.

There has been a “beer house and a beer garden “ were we had a dinner at early evening.

After our first pint, i went to the loo and i told him that he should take care of my private things.

I was sure that he was needing to pee too, because he has not been since we met at noon, maybe he was not since this morning.

He did, like i told him and he was waiting for me until i came back to our table.

We planned to go after dinner to the weekend house from my parents, to spend the night together and i think that he thought he would hold it and wait until we would be there.

I had a desire to fill his poor bladder to the bursting point and i wanted to see him desperate to pee, so i paid the bill and ordered a second pint.

I urged him to drink faster, because i did not want to give him time to go to the toilet.

We did leave and Milenko did not pee before, although he had 2 pints in his slim body and he has not been for hours.

We went to a gambling hall, to play a few games. I could see it on his moves that he was needing to pee and i think he was needing it really bad.

He did wear super short and small shorts, how it was usually and fashion to that time.

He crossed his slim, bare legs and was rubbing his knees, but did not admit that he would need to pee.

I did love this show and the thought how full his bladder must have been.

I was needing to go again, how strong must have been his urge !!!??

After a while he was bending over and said “ sorry but we have leave, i need to pee sooooo really really bad, i nearly do it in my pants” and smiled embarrassed.

”One more game “ i answered and smiled.

I did love to see how he moved his nude, slim legs from needing to pee so urgently.

He had one hand in his pocket, squeezed his cock and looked bleeding to me, without to say something.

”One last game, the final game and then we go “ i said.

I am absolutely not a sadist, i could never hurt someone, but a girl or a boy can never need to pee bad enough for me and a bladder can never be full enough.

A little later we went to my car. The parking lot was on a quiet place and as soon as we were there, he wanted to open his shorts.

”You don’t really think that you piss here beside the car, you are a little bit to old for that “ i said.

”How long does it take to your house “ he wanted to know.

”About 40 minutes, i think that you are able to wait for so long “ i answered.

”I am needing it sooo bad, all my belly hurts from needing to pee “ he said, but closed the button and did get in my car.

Milenko was so devote,I really did like this boy, I nearly loved him, but it was so absolutely arousing for me to make him wait and hold.

He was sitting beside me, light bending over and he squeezed his thighs with both hands very hard.

”I’ll piss my pants, if we are not here very soon “ he said after a half hour, but he was able to hold all the pee in his slim body.

As we arrived, we walked in the house. He was standing with his legs tight crossed, but he did not asked for the loo.

It was like he was not allowed to go, like as he had to ask for permission, but he did not ask.

This situation and this sexy young boy made me so horny, that i wanted nothing more than to have him in my bed, before he could pee!

I did lead him to my sleeping room and he did let me lead him. He did not say anything about that he would need to pee first and he did not ask for a loo.

Milenko was devote and masochistic too, he wanted to get tortured.

A few minutes later we were lying, totally naked in my bed.

Unbelievable how swollen his belly was, how his bladder was visible bulging out from his thin abdomen and how firm and hard it was.

He told me that he did not pee since morning and to know that there was all the beer in his bladder, was absolutely exciting for me.

I was needing to pee again pretty bad and i did like that.

I was lying on the boy with all my weight, our penises were between our bellies and pressed hard on his poor bladder.

He was nearly getting crazy from needing to piss so bad, and get tortured like that, but he did like it and we were both cum between our bellies.

