The motorbike gang

Author: huberp76

*000*2022-10-15 13:40

A young girl had a new friend who was in a motorbike gang.

He bought his girl a very tight one piece leather dress for their first day trip with the gang.

After a few hours the group stopped for a short break, the men used the opportunity to piss in the bushes, the girls did not go.

Short after noon they had a lunch at a steakhouse.

The boys went to the toilet, the girls did not go.

At afternoon the girl told her friend that she would need to wee and asked him when she would get a chance to go.

He told told her that she had to wait until they are at home.

”But i need to wee really bad, i don’t think that i can hold it that long.” she said a little bit worried.

”Sure you can, all the other girls are able to hold it, so can do it as well.” the boy answered.

It is an unwritten law that the girls don’t pee during their outing. They are trained to hold it and their boys a proud of the ability from their girls to hold it all day.

The young girl was needing to wee really bad as they came back to their clubhouse and she hoped that she finally could go to the toilet, but there was no girls room.

The gang leader ordered beer for all, lifted his glass and welcomed the new club member.

He said that the new girl had her test passed and that she is now a official club member.

The girl did not know what kind of test, her boyfriend did not tell her something about it before.

Now he explained her that it would be a rule in the club that the girls are not allowed to pee turning their day trips and that they will have to hold their full bladders after the trip in the clubhouse too, because there is no loo for girls.

He told her that it is not only a motorbike club, it is a pee holding club for girls as well and that the boys are proud of their strong girls and that they gets turned on very much to know that the girls have a XXL large overfilled bladder in their bellies.

The leader lifted his glass again and congratulated the girl to her successful holding and to her strong bladder and said that she will be a good member.

”I can’t drink something, i need to wee so bad, i need to go since before noon. I’ll wee myself if i drink that large beer.” the girl said.

”You have to drink it, we all drink of you. Look at the other girls they all need to pee very bad, in some girl face you can see the pain of her hurting bladder, but she is still holding it because she has to hold it.

The girls in our gang are trained to hold it and they are trained to endure pain.

So drink and hold it!! Don’t disappoint me.”said the boy.

The girl was near to tears, but she did hold it back, she wanted to make her new boyfriend proud of her, no matter how bad and how painful it will get for her.

The boys went to the urinal, the girls were not allowed to pee.

All the girls, tall or little, thick or thin, all were desperate and all were tortured from their own expanded and overstretched bladder.

The men loved to see the girls hold their pee and to see them suffer.

More than 2 hours later our young couple came home. The girl could no more walk and no more stand upright from needing to wee so terrible bad.

She was holding the urine from 16 hours in her girl bladder, she was frantic to piss, but her friend did not let her go.

It was another biker rule, the girls had to get fucked when they came home after a long day trip before they were allowed to wee.

They had to endure to get fucked very hard with a bursting full bladder in their bellies.

The poor biker girls had to endure a lot of bladder torture in their biker and pee holding club!!!

The boys loved it and the girls had to endure it, if they wanted to be the girl of a biker.

*003*2022-10-18 13:36

{{On 10/15/2022 at 6:00 PM, holdit247 said:

Nice story, easy to imagine the scene...

}}

Thank you, i am glad you like it!

{{On 10/15/2022 at 11:53 PM, Hon3y said:

}}

Thank you, i am glad that you like my way to write!

*004*2022-10-20 21:41

The biker guys are very rude to their girls, they absolutely don’t stop to let them pee if they would need to, not even if the girls would need to go already very bad.

The girls on the other hand don’t even ask for a stop, because they know very well that the guys would not extra stop just for to let a girl piss.

Girls are trained to hold it and they have to hold it, especially in their club in the “biker & holding club.”

When they make their last stop at the end of a long tour the guy’s piss usually in the bushes, maybe girls from another gang would squat and piss as well, but the girls from the b&h club are not allowed to do that, they can watch how the guys piss, but they HAVE to hold it.

Some of the girls are standing with their legs tight crossed to support and to relax their sphincter for a short time to get the power and to be able to hold it for the next two or three hours.

The guys did love to see it and they did love to imagine how much urine the girls are holding in their large bladders and how big and overstretched bladders must be after such a long time without a piss.

The young, new member told her boyfriend that she is needing to wee so bad for so long that it will be impossible for her to sit on the bike with spreading thighs for hours more without to wet herself.

”Is that starting again, can’t you not understand it, you are a girl and our girls don’t pee, not in the bushes, not in a toilet and least of all in their don’t piss their panties.

Look at the other girls, i think that they all are needing to go really bad, but they hold it, because they have to hold it and you are younger than they, you are healthy , i think you must be stronger you must become my bladder queen, don’t disappoint me, keep your sexy tiny panties dry and hold it!”answered the guy.

”You can’t imagine how it feels if the urge is so painful and the vibrations from the bike hits the bursting full bladder. That is torture pure and it is nearly unbearable,” said the girl.

She did get on the back without any other words.

The boy could feel how hard the poor girl behind him squeezed her thighs together and how she pressed her lap hard against his ass.

”Poor thing “ he thought to himself.”I pissed twice some guys three times and she not even once.”

Two and a half hours later they were back in their club.

”My bladder is soooo full and i need to pee soooo bad.” whispered the girl in her friends ear.

”I know it and i love it, you are doing it so good babe.”whispered the guy back.

The gang leader talked a few words about how great day was and about the great performance of their girls.

He praised the girls for their endurance and their good bladder control and told them that they are now ready and trained enough for the next step.

Usually when they make a weekend trip are the girls allowed to piss twice a day, once in the morning and once before sleeping, but at the next trip they should not be allowed to do their morning pee, they should hold their full bladder during the day.

That will absolutely not be possible, they can’t hold their full bladder for so long on the bike without to press their thighs together or to cross their legs, said some of the girls.

”Okay, then we rent a house with garden and pool for some days, there you will hold it for us, there you can cross you legs, there you can do what ever you want, but you have to hold it minimum 24 hours.

We wanted to see your bladders growing out of your bellies, we want to see your bladders big and hard as a bowling ball!” said the leader.

The guys did like this idea, the girls was afraid from that idea, because they did know that would be absolutely a torture for them and for their bladders, but they are the girls from bikers and they have to obey.

The boys are already really horny, once from the idea and then from the reality that their girls are full to burst at the moment, some of them since many hours.

They could not wait to bring their girls home, some wanted to watch them piss endless long with high pressure and some wanted full bladder sex with his girl.

The young girl was needing to wee so bad that she could no more stand upright, she wanted to the toilet as soon as they were at home, but he did not let her, she was get fucked with her bursting full bladder, she is a biker girl and a holding girl now, she has to endure that!!!

*006*2022-10-21 14:03

{{13 hours ago, FullBladder85 said:

You've posted a lot of stories here over the last few years, but this is easily one of your best that I've ever read. I love the pee holding club concept.

I'd love to read a part 3 of this series about the weekend trip you mentioned in part 2.

}}

Thank you for your compliment, i am glad that you like my story.

*007*2022-10-21 23:02

The young girl could endure to get fucked very hard with her painful overfilled bladder in her slim abdomen, she could bear it without to loose one drop of wee and she did enjoy it very much.

She did like the combination from pain and lust since years and she did like it not to pee when she was needing to go and she did like to play with her very full bladder, but she did not really know what it means need to to pee and how much that can hurt.

Since she is a member of the holding club and since she is the girlfriend from a biker lad she knows that and she is proud about that she is able to bear such a bad but sweet and arousing torture.

Her boyfriend told her that he rejoice on his sexy, strong biker girlfriend.

The holding club is theoretical autonomous, but in reality are the girls the slaves from the lads, the girls have to do all what the lads want, but on the other hand they are not allowed to do anything without permission, not even piss if they would have to.

The girls create at some club evenings a show for themselves and for to enjoy the guys .

The favorite show for the boys is if they perform a pee holding competition.

There are different ways to do it, either they drink very much and hold it back until they can’t anymore and that girl who is able to hold it for the longest time is the campion, or a other way is that girl who can piss the largest amount of hot girl pee in a measuring jug will be the heroine.

The boys love both, because the girls torture themselves so bad for to win and for to get admired from the guys until they gets nearly crazy from needing to pee so bad and so painful.

The girls are friends, but they are rivals too.

They don’t have really pity witch each other if one of them has the pain from a bursting full bladder in her face, they like to see each other suffer.

Some weeks later they did receive a new biker member in the b&h club.

It was the younger brother from a longtime member and he has a young, pretty girlfriend too, she should get tested for her qualification at their next day tour.

Our up to now youngsters member, let us call her Sandra, could now see the first time such a “qualifying examination” from the other side.

All the girls did watch the new girl, they watched her moves, her facial expressions, they did listen to her talk and did listen when she whispered something to her friend, especially late at afternoon.

”I am sure she tells him that she is near to piss her panties. That young thing is not accustomed to hold her pee for so long.” said one of the holding members.

”She does not really look desperate.” answered another.

Now Sandra did realize how they would have talked about her at their last trip.

The guys watched her as well and equal, boys or girls, all of them wanted to see her suffer, all of them wanted to see her desperate and some wanted to see her piss herself, but she did not do that.

Back in the loo less clubhouse for girls , late in the evening she could no more hide her strong urge, but she had to hold it for nearly 3 hours longer.

She did give them a hot show of girl desperation, but she was able to keep her panties dry and so she became a new member.

They did use the time in the clubhouse to make the girls drink, to fill their full bladders fuller, to make them frantic, because so are the girls at sexiest for the guys, they have always be full to burst, at their trips and at their meetings.

Then they did use the time to talk about their more day trip and for to project the 24 hours hold from their girls.

