Wizard's Desperation [Female Omorashi]

Author: H4rpy_Fe4ther

*000*2023-10-16 21:37

Here's the first bit of my newest work, to read the rest click the Archive link! Some warnings do apply, be sure to read the tags!

Description: It's nearly never that Alex takes a situation seriously, let alone her own thoughts. Yet, trapped in a desert with her family it isn't until those thoughts take a sinful turn that she struggles against them. All this because of a soda, and her mother's desperate need to pee. She can keep it in check, just long enough for them to relieve themselves, right?

But every sense of urgency makes her body's needs worse, in more way than one, what will she do to satisfy herself?

Warnings: Mother x Daughter, Inc*st.

The very last drop of soda was more water than sugar and syrup. It was barely cold, and it was so easy to imagine it was when everything else around them was swelteringly hot. Heat lines rose from the horizon, throwing everything in the distance into a confusing jumble of cactus and tumbleweed. Sand made every step a struggle when you were exhausted and just wanted to go home, and the lack of liquid in her cup now made the discomfort all the more obvious.

“Let’s hope we get somewhere sooner…rather than later.” Theresa spoke after nearly a half hour of silence and it made her daughter jump, tensing her whole body and making her shift in discomfort.

“I’m sure it’ll be fine…I mean..How far from anywhere do we really have to be?” Even to herself she sounded like she was trying to be convincing, and was given a gentle smile by her mother. Who had her arms crossed across her chest, fingers rubbing her tanned skin clearly trying to focus on the conversation rather than something else.

“Let’s hope not far, I don’t think…” A pause, if her mother didn’t want to elaborate or if she was struggling to focus Alex wasn’t sure. This was the longest stretch without civilization the family had ever been on together, there was no car, no privacy to even attempt to relieve herself. The empty plastic cup in her hand seemed a whole lot heavier than it had just a few seconds ago, and Alex swallowed, her throat dry. A quick glance ahead told her that her brother, their dad were arguing about the stars and how to navigate by them, the two were too wrapped up in their own stuff to realize Theresa was going to need to get somewhere, and soon.

“You can make it?” Alex had slowed her pace, allowing the others to drift a bit ahead of them, giving them the privacy of space for her to ask. Concern did color her tone, but…there was something else, something else that pushed its way up Alex’s spine and made her shiver. Swallowing again as she rolled her shoulders she tried to push it from her mind. It was desert heat, wasn’t it? Some weird trick of desert madness. Alex would never think that way under normal circumstances, yet…These circumstances were so far from normal.

“Alex, I’m an adult woman. I am positive I can make it through a little hike before I need to…pee.” There was a hitch in her tone, a little giggle that hid emotions the best it could. Though there was a coloration to her cheeks. Worry lines that formed and a tension in her shoulders. Her mother wasn’t standing up straight, and Alex figured if she tried, the strain on her bladder would be so much worse.

Alex felt her own cheeks heat up, her eyes risking a glance downwards at her mother’s abdomen. There was a little bump, a hill of her need rising from the flower patterned blouse she wore. A physical bit of proof that she had to pee, that it wasn’t her just being dramatic she was about to burst from her need.

Why was her throat so dry?! Why did her shoulder’s feel tight and her skin so aware of the warm wind brushing over it, of the clothing that hung off her body? Another swallow, and her eyes darted away, looking at the sand in front of her as she tried to play it cool, a soft chuckle the only sound she made but it was a little hoarse.

“Worst comes to worst, we’ll just find some kind of sand dune, and that’ll be that.” Alex mumbled, though the mental image that brought made her fingers curl against her palms. Her skin was warm, from the heat? Something else? She didn’t want to know, her teeth worrying her lip as she chuckled desperately trying not to seem like her thoughts were as sinful as they were trying to be.

Archive Link: https://archiveofourown.org/works/50889874

