Magic's Not So Boring, After All!

Author: HopBop

*000*2020-03-19 04:32

Before I write this story, I'd like to explain my plan. It takes place in an all-girls school of magic. I intend for magical shenanigans to cause every type of wetting. There will be no messing, no male wetting, but there will be a diapered wetting. There will be regression and furry. We'll start traditional and branch out from there. But for the beginning, enjoy.

*001*2020-03-19 04:58

Gessa sat near the fountain. She had heard the legends. If you were worthy and drank water from it, you would be able to make a wish. If you were not, the fountain would curse you. She wanted to risk it. She was worthy, wasn't she?

She took a scoop of water in her hands and sipped. The cool liquid slipped down her throat easily. Gessa looked at the pale moon. It was time she went to sleep.

Gessa awoke Saturday morning to a lovely pink sunrise. She stripped out of her pale nightgown and into a black bodysuit. People told her that tight bodysuits like that were too sexy to wear out, but she thought they were comfy. She headed to the bathroom to brush her teeth and hair, with the ever-growing sense she had forgotten something.

Gessa went into the Common area for breakfast. She took a big glass of orange juice and remembered. She had forgotten about a trip to the toilet! She started back up the stairs, when...

"Gessa! Gessa, come quick! My fishy, he died again!"

Gessa sighed. Luck was never on Luka's side, but Gessa, the resident necromancer, could undo the killing of a fish. Luka's had died eight times already. Simply by concentrating the water in the air and letting it flow between her and the fish, her magic could bring it to life again.

The process always made her have to pee, though. After it was complete, she began to slip away to the bathroom, when she remembered- her room was being cleaned.

She hadn't urinated in about twelve hours when she realized the urgency of the situation. She had a large but oh-so-weak bladder. When she had to go, Gessa had to GO. She stood up, and immediately heard sloshing. The fountain! She wasn't worthy! She was cursed!

Gessa searched desperately, hopping down the hall with two hands between her tightly crossed legs. She paused, with sinking horror, that she was about to sneeze.

Ah...

AH...

AH-CHOO!

She felt the floodgates open, hot pee rushing out of her and onto the floor. It spilled over her hand, down her legs, and splashed loudly against the stone floor. She sank to her knees, moaning in embarrassment and relief. The embarrassment soon disappeared, though, when she saw another girl, shifting one foot to the other, trying to hold it.

The fountain doesn't pick who's worthy.

It never sees their faces.

*003*2020-03-20 06:06

Extreme Desperation

Mira was feeling a bit thirsty. Again. The lesson in water magic was taking forever, and required a lot of magic on the students' part. The unfortunate part was, they weren't even a quarter of the way done, and Mira was filling up an eighth Dragon-Sized bottle with water. However, the sad part of magic is that the water in your body lingers long enough to make your body think it's still there.

She continued guzzling water as the next pair of students stood up to duel. She felt a distinct tautness in her midsection. Great. The reason she was known as "Iron Bladder" was actually because she had a bladder of... whatever stretchy, absorbent material they use nowadays. Her bladder could stretch to an enormous capacity. However, she preferred it when only her dignity and not her honor was on the line.

To Mira's people, the bladder was a sacred symbol of strength. To all the Indesians, hands were instruments of healing and arms weapons of kindness. But the bladder was a threat all feared. To wet oneself in public was to give up one's honor. To leak was a sign of failing defense. Wearing a diaper was as if to say "I surrender". And holding contests were battles of wit, being that the only rules were "drink and don't piss".

Mira unbuttoned her jacket and pulled her blue hair back. As she glanced over, she saw another girl, squirming in place. She didn't know her name. But she sensed the girl's strength. She snapped her fingers and shook her bottle at the girl, who had an equally large and full bottle. The girl scooted over, next to Mira, and gulped down almost a quarter of the huge container. She then slammed her hand down on Mira's bladder bulge.

"Drink."

And Mira did, all while having her uncomfortably filled bladder being pushed on by this girl. The girl, she noticed, wasn't squirming at all like before. Mira's eyes widened. The girl! She recognized her!

Iressa Derin. Student Council. The only one to have championed an Indesian at holding without any of this dirty trickery. And she reached down to her own coat pocket and pulled out a badge and pinned it to herself, and another to Mira. School policy.

"Ms. Osha! This young woman attempted thievery! I will be taking her to the office!"

Iressa then dragged Mira by the collar out to the Council's Bathroom. She pinned her down by the shoulders and shot a little smirk at her. She leaned in close, and whispered,

"I know just what you want. Here you go."

Iressa wrapped her arms around Mira.

"Lose."

Iressa kissed Mira passionately, but pulled away quickly. She then gulped down the rest of their water, Mira looking down in surprise at her own stomach. It was growing before her eyes, as was her need. She began to unbutton her shirt, as her stomach was being squeezed. She gasped a little, and quickly stuck her hands between her legs. She had had to go worse, but never so quickly.

Iressa looked Mira in the eye. She knew Mira wasn't prepared for that. And, by the looks of it, Mira's bladder couldn't stretch fast enough. Mira was srunched into a ball, both hands buried tightly in between her thighs. She decided to give Mira a little fals hope.

"If you can walk from here to the bath and back, you win. Even if you start wetting on the way back, if you can hold it from here to the bath, and still have... mmm, thirty-five seconds left in you by the time you get back, I'll give you what you REALLY want. I'll be yours."

Mira had always had a huge crush on Iressa. She'd know her anywhere. Except, apparently, when she's not wearing glasses. She was determined to impress her. She stood up, legs crossed, hands buried, and took a cautious hop forward.

"Oh, dearie, you can't do that!"

Mira's legs slid apart, her hands going to her sides. She attempted a step forward, before remembering the command she had been given. Which to follow?

It didn't matter. A moment's hesitation and her body picked for her. Urine began gushing out of her, wetting her skirt and thigh-high socks. She realized that she was capable of stopping it, but her huge bladder bulge made her not want to. This was what Iressa wanted.

An angel will give you a choice.

A demon will make one for you.

