Secretly on Purpose

Author: Holditcontest

*000*2022-11-10 23:50

Hey y'all! Loooooooong time lurker... first time story creator... I've lurked for so long it's about time I contribute something!

I've been having this fantasy lately so decided to write out a script for what I wish I could find someone doing in a video. I'm super open to feedback and may or may not keep the story going after this one, but just wanted to get something out there. I hope you enjoy it as much as I did!

Edit: sorry for the confusing mix of tense and paltry use of punctuation. I’m new, but I’ll keep working at it. Thanks for any thoughtful feedback

Setting: Back home for winter break, at my parents lake house where I’ve spent many vacations all my life. The house is large with 3 floors and long wings, and it’s old and creaky and a bit drafty. It’s not the fanciest place, but for a free vacation spot armed with all the right sweaters and blankets, it’s paradise. I have the weekend relatively to myself with other family members coming and going, but I’m the only one here for the weekend. I’m mainly going to be curling up with some leisurely fiction books and hot cups of tea while I watch the wildlife over the lake through the big windows. Scene begins the first night.

Story: I just woke up, it’s the middle of the night. Gosh I reeeeally have to pee. Oh no but it’s so cold outside the blankets and the bathroom is all the way upstairs…. I couldn’t possibly wake up enough to go all the way up there… If I don’t go tho I’ll probably wet the bed, just like I have accidentally done so many times.. ohh but it’s so cold and I’m so sleepy. I’m worried if I got up all the way I’ll have a hard time going back to sleep… oh man I have to peeeee… what am I gonna do?

Hmmm… my bed is protected. Should I just pee in my bed right now while I’m awake? That way i could get back to sleep sooner…. Hmmm ughh i was so thirsty before bed, i drank so much water!

Since it seems inevitable at this point, maybe I’ll just do it secretly now while I’m awake since there’s pretty much no other option… no one will no it wasn’t an accident. That way I can finally go back to sleep and I don’t have to get out of bed. Sleeping in a wet bed isn’t too bad. It’s actually kind of cozy. No one will know that I did it on purpose this time, it’ll just look like one of my accidents. Omg I’ve never done it while I’m awake.. it’s making my heart race a little. Ok how do I want to do it? Ok I’m just gonna lay on my back and let my legs relax open. Ohhh I have to go so bad! This is going to be such a relief. Ohh but it feels so naughty to do it on purpose just because I don’t want to get out of bed. Oh well, here I go anyways, I’m gonna start relaxing now. I don’t really want to push it out, I want it to start naturally, so I’m just gonna lay here but pretend I’m on the toilet and just relax, so when the next wave hits I’ll let loose….

Inhale, excited tingles all over, exhale, ohhh there’s the pressure on my bladder to hold all this back, but this time I’m just going to let it go! Oh! *burst of hot liquid thru my consenting pee hole, that immediately splashes into my panties* That was a big gush! That surprised me and I stopped so I must relax again. Ohhh the potential for relief is so seductive, mmmm this feels so good. My breathing is so heavy now. the feeling of doing this on purpose is so naughty! It’s turning me on so much… omg, I’m going to totally piss my bed, I am not going to hold it back any more.

I’m going to start letting it all go now.

*hisssssss*

Through my fleece cotton pants you can hear my urgency override my trepidation as the pee rushes out louder and stronger with each heavy breath as it soaks through my cotton panties, into my white fuzzy pants, barely impeded, and then out and into the surrounding sheets, spreading fast like ink onto paper. The liquid felt hot lapping against my skin, as it pooled and meandered around my snuggled body. The relief tantalizing and liberating, my clit is throbbing from this new feeling while the hot liquid teases and trickles around me.

I grabbed the sheets and pushed myself into my bed as I relished the continuous rush and fizz of my bladder emptying into my night clothes and I experimented with varying degrees of effortful pushing and slowing of the stream. It was going and going. All the while bucking my hips to the raw naughtiness. Temptation won over and I dipped my fingers under my waist band and into the stream before thirstily finding my slippery lips and dabbing lightly to find my erect clit. Electricity waves of pleasure washed over me as I strummed and pissed. The feeling of orgasm climbing with every push, and quickly culminating in one final sputtering ecstatic flood release. My body fully relaxing into the warmth and blankets, finally free of any pressure or tension keeping slumber at bay. Closing my eyes and with a satisfied smile falling effortlessly back to sleep.

*002*2022-11-11 18:25

@SilverSnake

Aw thanks for your super constructive and supportive feedback! I feel so welcomed here.

