2 boys made 1 girl hold her wee!

Author: huberp76

*000*2023-05-12 21:55

On day at high school went a boy behind two girls out of the class room.It was the last class of the day and therefore it was already late afternoon.

One girl said that she is needing the toilet before leaving to the bus and so they went in direction girls room. „Don’t you not need to go too? You have not been all afternoon.“ asked the girl.

“I would need to go as well, but i don’t, I’ll wait until at home.“ answered the other girl.

The boy walked close behind them, because he wanted to listen them talk, especially he wanted to hear what about they talk.

One girl went in the toilet, but the other was waiting outside. The boy was waiting too, he acted like he would search something in his back, for to have a reason to wait.

“You are needing to wee, but don’t go! Why are you doing that?“ asked the girl who was coming out.

“I don’t like that toilets, i have not been even once at that school over all that years . I have trained myself to hold it from leaving my home until i am back home again. Sometimes it gets very urgently, especially at the bus ride when the traffic is heavy .“ answered the other.

“And today, how urgently is it today!“ she wanted to know.

“It is like every day, i am needing to go since before noon.“was the answer.

„That is not normal, to suppress the urge deliberately for so many hours.“said the empty girl as they went out from the school.

The boy went behind them with a big bulge in his pants, because he gets so much turned on on from girls who are needing to pee.

He has a friend who loves that as well and he told him about his experience.

They agreed that this girl, Sue was her name, would be absolutely suited for their special lust.

They know now that Sue‘s bladder is very full each day at the end of the school day , they just have to find a situation to make her hold and to make her desperate.

They did think about opportunities where they could Sue prevent next week one day from going home, where they could prevent her from going to the toilet as long as possible, to make her already very full bladder fuller, much fuller!!

They could not wait to see her desperate!!

*002*2023-05-14 19:17

{{15 hours ago, Frankfrankfran said:

Really good so far can’t wait for more

}}

Thank you, i am glad you like it!

*003*2023-05-15 19:24

Since the boys knew about Sue’s habits, they watched her behavior, especially at afternoon.

They did love to see her sitting with her thighs hard pressed together in the last lesson.

It was a turning on for them to know why she was doing that. They did love to imagine how full her bladder must be after holding her wee back all day long.

“Have you seen, how she was rubbing her knees, i am sure that she is needing to piss like crazy!“ said one of the boys touring they left the class room.

“It would be a good opportunity to make her desperate, we just have to find a reason to prevent her to take the next bus.

Sue was really good in higher mathematics and so they decided to ask her for some help about algebra.

Sue said that she would like to help, but her bus is leaving in 10 minutes and the next will not come before one hour.

“That will not be a real problem, we bring you home with my car and then you will be earlier at home than if you use the bus.“ said one of the boys.

“But where are we going?“ she asked. „We invite you to a coffee shop.“ said the other boy.

“That will take to much time.“ Sue answered. The boys smiled at each other, because they did know it would last to long for her full bladder.

They offered her the foyer of the school, there were tables and chairs and there were a coffee dispenser as well.

They went down to the lobby and set down.

One of the boys went for 3 extra large coffee’s.

„Oh no, i can’t drink so much coffee, i will not be able to sleep all night long if i drink that.“ said Sue.

“You will not be able to sleep, but you will be able to piss like a mare if you drink that!“ thought the boy to himself and could not wait until she finished it.

Sue explained them all the problems what for they asked, but the boys did not “want”to understand it.

Sue‘s big cup was already empty, because she thought the faster she drink, the sooner she will be at home, but the sadistic boys asked twice and sometimes more often, just to make her wait longer.

Sue was needing to pee already so bad that she was no more able to hide it and the boys loved it so much!!

Her need was not obvious for someone else, but the boys were experts for girls who were needing to wee, they could imagine how much she was suffering, but that was long not enough for them.

Her short skirt was sliding up fare over her knees, her thighs were nude and they could see how she tensed her muscles to hold her wee inside her.

Nobody talked about needing to pee, or about a full bladder.

The boys did not have to know that she was needing to wee.

Sue said „can we please go now.”and did try to act so common as possible.

She walked with rubbing knees to the boys car and did still try to hide her frantic need to wee.

The boys were in „peeholding heaven“ and thought to them self „ how bad is that gal needing to piss!! How much longer can she stand it?”

Her belly was visible swollen, her bladder was bulging, but it was still not enough. A girls bladder could NEVER be full enough and her urge could NEVER be strong enough for them.

She should have to endure more and therefore the driver stopped on the way to her home at an ice cream shop. Sure it was a shop with no toilets.

“Why are we stopping?”asked Sue worried.

”Just for a ice cream, for to say thank you for your help.” answered the boy.

It was nearly unbearable for Sue, so bad she was needing to wee, but she was still to shy to admit it to the boys.

They went to the shop, were sitting outside and waited for the waitress to order.

*004*2023-05-16 20:56

It was a hot day, there were many guests at the ice cream shop and therefore they had to wait a while until the waitress came to take the order.

The boys loved that situation, Sue not so much!

They offered her iceceamsoda and she agreed, she did not know that there would be a lot of soda in the cup.

The boys did that on purpose, Sue should drink, they wanted to test the endurance from her bladder and her ability to hold it, they wanted to fill her up to explode.

Again it did last a while until the waitress served the cups.

The boys have been at the toilet at lunch and because of the large coffee and the soda they were already needing to go again.

How bad must that poor gal need to piss after holding her urine since she left her home early in the morning and after that large coffee?

Sue was getting more and more restless. Sometimes she squeezed her thighs with both hands, then she was rubbing her knees and sometimes she pressed her thighs so hard together that she was trembling.

She was no longer able to hide her torture, the boys could see her urgently need and her bladder pain at the expression of her face.

They did enjoy that, but they wanted more, they wanted to talk about it and so one of the boys asked “what is wrong with you? You look like you be in pain.”

Then she could no other, she had to admit her plight and said “ i need to wee so very, very bad, my bladder is full to explode!”

” Oh that is really bad, they don’t have a toilet there.” said one boy and did enjoy that so much.

”Since how long do you need to go?” asked the other boy.

”Since before noon.” answered Sue.

”And why did you not go since then?” he wanted to know.

”Because i never use the school toilets.” she replied.

”You mean that you did not wee since you was leaving your house in the morning?” he wanted to know.

”Not since my morning pee at 7 am. she answered.

“You are a real bladder queen. You can’t imagine how much we love that!” said the boy.

”I can’t believe that you love it that i am needing to wee so bad, i can’t imagine that you love it that my bladder is full to burst and that it hurts so much.” said Sue.

”Don’t ask why, we don’t have an answer for that question, but you can’t even imagine how much that turns us on!” replied the boy. We love girls with a good body and good bladder control. Usually girls go several times at one school day and some girls can not even wait until the end of a lesson, but you hold it all day long.

You are our holding heroine!!” gushed the boy.

”Can we please go now before i piss my panties.” she was begging.

They had to wait again very long for the bill.

Sue was shivering on her seat, she pressed one hand hard between her naked thighs and was moaning from her frantic need.

”You can’t imagine how hot and how sexy you are if you need to wee so bad!” Said one boy.

”We always wanted to know how long a girl can hold her pee and how much a girl is able to hold. Can you show us your absolutely limit?” Said the boy.

”You mean i should hold my pee for you?” She asked.

“Would you? Would you hold it back until you absolutely can’t no more?”The boy asked.

Sue was aroused as well, on one hand from her own need to wee and from that situation and on the other hand she felt attracted to the good looking boys and did like to be able to turn them on with her full bladder and her need to wee.

”I will think about it, but now bring me home as soon as possible if you want to keep your car seat dry.” Said Sue.

*005*2023-05-18 07:43

They were still waiting for the bill as Sue said “ I do it in my panties if the waitresses don’t come very soon, i need to piss so horrendous urgently, but you bad boys like that, you can’t even imagine how bad i need to go and how much it hurts me .”

” Sorry but exactly that is it what we like, we love it to know that you have not been at the loo all day and we love it to imagine how bad you are needing to wee and full and how big your bladder already must be after holding it for so long and after drinking so much.” Said one boy.

After the boys paid they went back to their car. Sue was no more able to walk upright, she was bending slightly forward and was walking with small steps and her knees rubbing hard together.

In the car she crossed her legs, caressed her swollen belly, massaged her bulging bladder and said “ i don’t know why it is especially bad today, i never use the toilet at school, i did not go once over all that years.

Sometimes i don’t even go when i arrive at home after holding it all day, sometimes i wait until the dinner or longer, because i love the feeling of my full bladder, but today it is nearly unbearable.

I think that was that extra large coffee!?”

” That is so great and so hot, that you hold your full bladder on purpose after school at home!

Nothing is more arousing for us two, than a girl who needs to wee but don’t go, or can’t go.

You are absolutely our bladder queen and our holding heroine.

Can we meet at Saturday morning, can you come with your bladder full from the night?

No morning wee for you? Could we spend the day together? No loo for you, no public toilet!!

Can you show us how long a girl can endure not to wee!!!!?

You don’t need to drink coffee, you just have to hold your wee for us as long as absolutely possible!!!

Would you do that for us?” Asked on of the boys, horny as hell from that situation and from that talk.

*006*2023-05-20 10:08

„Kann you stop please to talk about peeing! I nearly do it in my panties. Honestly, i can’t hold it back no longer, drive please as fast as you can!“ said Sue.

“What‘s wrong with our bladder queen?“ asked the driver to tease her.

“I don’t know it for myself, but my bladder is hard as a rock and it is going up to my belly button.“ answered Sue, opened the waist button and caressed her swollen belly.

The fellow passenger turned around, looked at Sue’s naked abdomen and said “Oh my god, i have never before seen a belly that swollen and a bladder bulging so much.

“That is not fair, i want to see that too!! Promise me that you’ll show me your sexy, swollen belly before you get out.“ said the driver begrudging his friend who was able to watch Sue’s belly and how she caressed it, touring all the way.

“You two are mega crazy, i am needing to piss so painful, my bladder hurts me from being violated to stretch far over its limit and i should show you my poor tortured bladder, for to turn you on and for to make you horny, because you like to see a girl suffer her worst pee urge.“ answered the girl.

Sue was at her limit, that large coffee and that soda in the ice cream cup, were to much for her, since noon already very full bladder.

She pressed both hands between her thighs, she was bending over and was shaking, from her horrendous urge and need to wee.

“Stop please anywhere, i can’t no more, i piss myself.“ she was begging.

“I can’t stop here and you can’t piss here on the street. You have to hold it. Squeeze your girl slit together and hold it!“ said the driver with a boner in his pants.

“I’ll eat your seat if you don’t stop!“ replied Sue.

“May i help you, may i press your little hole shut?“ asked the other boy, as well with a boner in his pants.

“ That is no more funny, i really, have to piss now, my panties are already a little bit wet. Stop now before i piss myself!“ Sue was begging again.

There was no opportunity to stop and the boys did not really want that. They wanted to see girls maximal desperate to pee and Sue was already frantic.

10 minutes later they were at Sue’s house, as soon as they stopped, she opened the door, pulled her wet panties down and pissed between the car and the door from the car.

She had a little shelter to other people, but the boys had a good view.

The girl pissed and pissed and pissed!

The boys told her that they never before saw a girl pee so much and said that she is a real bladder queen, but not a holding heroine, because she pissed her little panties.

*007*2023-05-21 13:56

Sue was ashamed, annoyed, but relieved at the same way and at the same time.She did not even know what to say about her great show she presented to the boys.

For the boys it was the most erotic and most arousing show what they had ever seen, but for Sue was it the most embarrassing performance she ever showed someone.

She never before pissed herself and she never before pissed between the cars or anywhere else outside.

She was disappointed about herself and about her holding ability.

On the other hand it was arousing for her to be able to turn the boys on with something that she loves as well, to wit with her full bladder and her pee urge.

She wanted to rehabilitate her self for her bad performance and so she said „ okay boys, we meet on Saturday at 9 am at a coffee shop for a breakfast. I’ll bring my bladder full from the night, but how do you think that we will do it?“ asked Sue.

“That will be very easy!“ answered one boy „ you hold it until you can’t hold it anymore!!

„And then I’ll piss myself in front of all the people around , or i squat between the cars, or in a gateway? No and never i will do that again!“ said Sue.

“Okay we will find a way, important is that you are not allowed to use a public toilet and important for us is that you hold it back until your absolutely limit, or a little over your limit!“ said the other boy.

“Over my limit? Does that mean that you want to see my again in wet panties? I’ll not do that.“ said the girl.

„You don’t have to wet your panties, we just want that you hold your wee inside your gorgeous, sexy body until at evening, or until Sunday or a little longer.“ answered the boy.

“ You 2 are more crazy than i thought!

If i should do it, you must give me a chance to go anywhere if i can’t no more.“said Sue.

“We could make a kind of picnic at afternoon, we can go to a quiet place in the woods. We can lie on a blanket at a meadow, we can eat, we can „drink „ and we will wait what will happen with you and especially inside of you.

Then when you can’t no more , but just if you really, really can’t any longer, than you can squat.“ offered one of the boys.

“Okay, I’ll do it, but what is about if you boys, can hold your morning pee as well!!?“ asked Sue.

*008*2023-05-24 05:42

The boys said that they will think about it, but they will not promise that they will hold it as long as she, it could easily happen that they piss and she has to hold it longer, maybe much longer. Many times it is usual that boys piss, but big girls have to hold it.

Sue went inside her home with her wet panties and the boys went home, directly in their own sleeping room.

They were painful horny, they had to defeat the pressure, they had to cum.

The boys met the girl on Saturday at a coffee shop.

„Good morning, how are you?“ asked the boys. In reality they wanted to ask „how full are you?“

Good morning as well, thank you, i am full, but i am feeling good. And you boys, are you full as well?“ wanted Sue know.

“We did not piss in the morning. Is that okay for you?“ asked the boys.

„Did you ever hold your morning pee? Did ever leave your house in the morning without to wee? Wanted one of the boys know.

“Yes and no.“ answered Sue. „I do like to hold my morning pee at holiday. If I wake up in the morning with a strong urge to wee, i sometimes don’t go and hold it for hours longer.

I did take a pillow between my thighs and lay in the bed with my face down. I pressed my very full and swollen bladder hard against the pillow to torture it, sometimes i did hold it until noon.

And no, i never before did leave my home with my bladder full from the night and you boys, did you?“she asked.

“No not on purpose. Once at a school trip, we drove the night through and because of a accident we had not a chance to go to the toilet until late morning.

My bladder was full to burst and all of us were desperate, especially some of the girls had their hands pressed between their thighs for hours,“said one of the boys.

“ No, i did not leave my home in the morning with my bladder full from the night before, but like you, i hold it at weekend’s in the morning.

If I wake up early in the morning because of my full bladder, i mostly don’t get up for the toilet, not even if my bladder is very full and if my urge is very strong, i try to sleep and hold it for hours longer.“ said the other boy.

“It’s very exciting that we all have our bladders full and that we all would need to pee, but the most exciting and arousing for me is that we boys can go when ever we want, but you will be not allowed, you have to hold it, like girls always should do that.“ said a boy.

„ Yes, oh yes, that is absolutely arousing, i can’t wait to see you desperate and to see you still holding even your bladder is big and hard as a bowling ball, i love it if you still don’t go even you get frantic to piss and it gets very painful for you.

Show us how long a girl can endure not to wee, show us how long a girl can hold her urine back in her body, i did always dream about that.

I think that it will get a great day for us.“ said the other boy.

*009*2023-05-26 21:30

It was such an exciting situation. It was arousing for all to know that each of them had a very full bladder, full from the night and that each of them was needing to pee.

After the breakfast said one of the boys, it was the driver, that he would go to the toilet before they are leaving.

Sue and the other boy said that he should hold it.

“I did not piss since 11 hours, it would be very urgently.” he said.

”We all have not peed since yesterday evening, but that is not a reason to go.” answered Sue.

”You are a girl, girls are accustomed to hold it, it is usual for girls don’t wee for long periods of time, if they don’t get a natural opportunity.” answered the boy and did not go to the toilet.

They went to a super market to buy something to eat and to drink for their picnic, then they went in direction country.

The driver squeezed steady his dick. “I need to piss so bad, i think i have to stop somewhere.” he said.

”You will not stop, you will not piss, you will hold it!” Said the other two.

Sue did wear a short skirt and the boys short shorts, their legs were bare.

It was visible how the driver boy tensed his thigh muscles very hard to keep his shorts dry.

”I piss myself if we are not here very soon.” He said and moaned and groaned.

Half an hour later they stopped at the edge of a forest.

The driver jumped out and pissed like crazy.

”Such a weak fellow.” said Sue.

“ What do you mean with weak, i need to piss since i waked up at 7.30 am and now it is 1 pm, i was holding it back since nearly 6 hours, you can’t call that weak.” He said a little bit angry.

“ And what is about me and what is about your friend? We are needing to pee as well since we waked up in the morning, but we are still holding it! Said Sue.

”You are a girl and he is a “maso type, he likes to torture himself and especially his bladder “. He answered.

”You mean your friend is painhorny, and girls don’t have to pee at all?” asked Sue.

” Sure that girls are needing to wee as well, but sometimes they should not be allowed to do it, they should get forced to hold it because they are girls and girls should always be able to hold until they get a chance, no matter how bad they already are needing to go!” Said the annoyed boy.

They went to a forest glade and spread out a large blanket, stripped their clothes except their undies and lay down.

Sue were laying between the boys on her back, her belly was visible swollen.

The contours of the boys bladder was also visible. “I am needing to piss really bad!” he said and asked Sue how she was feeling.

She said that she would need to go very urgently as well, but that she would have a good day today and she will be able to hold it for some hours longer.

”We should eat and drink something.” Said the empty boy.

The other two did know very well that he wanted to make them drink, because he wanted to make them desperate, but they did take the challenge, they ate and drank.

One hour later the bellies of the 2 were visible more swollen and more bulging out.

”You two are really unbelievable great! Let me feel which bladder is harder.” Said the empty boy and pressed first his friends and then Sue’s bladder. They moaned and groaned both from their painful urge.

”I am nearly at my limit. I can’t last much longer. I necessarily have to piss before we leave.” Said the boy.

”Me too!!” Said Sue.

”Oh no, you will not piss before we leave, you are a girl, you have to hold it, squeeze your slit together and cross your legs !” Said the empty boy and made a offer to stay for one more hour and then to go back to the city to his house, his parents would not be at home for this weekend.

*010*2023-05-27 13:27

It was already 4 pm, Sue and the boy did not pee since the evening before, not since more than 17 hours, they were needing to go since so many hours and already very, very bad.

Especially the boy’s bladder was pregnant bulging out from his flat, muscular abdomen.

Sue’s belly was visible swollen as well, but not as much than the boys.

First each of them caressed the own bladder and belly, then they started to massage the other’s bladder. They pressed and pushed more and more hard to torture the other.

They were getting in ecstasy from pain and lust. They were both painhorny and could not get enough from this kind of torture and especially from torturing the other.

The empty boy was no more empty, he was needing to piss again, but did not want to admit it.

He was horny about the erotic show from the other two and from his own need.

The circumstances that he was needing to go again and the imagination how bad and painful his friends MUST need to piss turned him on very much.

He could not resist to press in his friends abdomen and especially in Sue’s belly.

They crossed their legs and were both moaning, but they let him do it, they were both willing to suffer for their horniness.

One hour later said Sue that they had to leave now if she should be able to hold it until at the boys home.

As soon as they were standing up, Sue and the boy were banding over and crossed their legs for one minute to calm down and to be able to walk back to the car.

” Never before i hade my bladder so full and never before i was needing to piss so painful than now.” Said the boy.

” My bladder hurts me too.” Said Sue “ and i never before was holding my wee for so long than today.”

The boy stopped on the way to the the car, pulled his shorts down and said “ sorry but i can’t stand it any longer!” And then he pissed with high pressure endless long.

”I need to piss again!” Said the other boy and pissed too a very large amount of urine out of his slim body.

”And i will squat!” Said Sue.”19 hours not to wee is a pretty long time for a girl, i think.”

”Oh no, you will not squat, you will not wee now. We agree that 19 hours not to wee is pretty long, but it is not your limit for a long time, you can stand more, you can bear up longer. You promised to us that you‘ll show us how long a girl can endure not to piss.

Please don’t squat now!!” Said the two boys synchronous.

”I think i can bear one or two hours longer, but what happens if we have to stop on the motorway because of an accident? Asked Sue.

”That would be great, we would love to stay all night in the car with you if you could not wee, if you had to hold it that long!”Said the driver boy from his heart without to think about what he said.

”You two are absolutely crazy, you would rather let my bladder burst than to let me piss. For you can a girl never need to pee bad enough!! Or??” Asked Sue.

“ No never!!! We would like to make a girl hold her wee, we want let her piss until she is so full that her urine is coming out of ears, we want let her go until her eyes turns yellow.” Said one of the boys.

“ A girls belly should be full and swollen with her big overfilled bladder!” Said the other boy,

”I told you, you two are crazy and nuts!” Said Sue and set in the car with her bladder full from 19 hours.

She did like to be trapped for two hours more and not being able to go how bad it ever will get.

She did love it too, to be able to turn the boys on very much with that situation and she did love to see visible two hard dick’s in the boys shorts.

*011*2023-05-29 07:20

Sue did pay a high price for her own lust and for to make the boys horny with her holding performance.

She was needing to wee so very, very bad. Her urge was painful and her bladder was hurting, but she did like that kind of pain, that “need to pee pain” and she did like to show to the boys her ability to hold and her endurance.

On the other hand she was near her limit and was afraid that the journey could last longer because of a traffic jam.

She was afraid that she would wet her panties like she did some days before, but although that she did not wee for so extreme long and although her bladder was stretched to oversize, she felt strong and good.

About a half an hour later they said on the radio that there will be heavy traffic near the city and that there will be delays.

The boys did love to hear that, they did love to sit in car with a girl who did not wee since 20 hours and who was trapped in the car with no chance to wee no matter how bad she would need it.

Sue was getting in panic to hear that and was begging to stop at the next rest area.

”I can’t bear up one more extra hour!! Can you stop please at the next opportunity?” Asked Sue and pressed both hands between her thighs. That way she showed the boys her sexy, bare thighs up to her panties.

“Sure we could stop, but we don’t stop, it would be waste of time to stop just for to let a girl piss. Girls have to be able to wait and to hold it until they get a natural opportunity to go to the toilet.” Said the driver.

”But it is getting unbearable, my bladder hurts so much, it is big and hard as a bowling ball inside my belly. I will explode if you don’t let me piss.” Said Sue.

”No but’s, you promised that you will hold it until at home, hold it now and stop to whine like a little girl.

Squeeze your girl slit hard shut and hold your wee back, like big girls should do that.

One or two hours longer should not be a big problem for you!!!” Said the other boy.

*012*2023-05-30 06:33

“ One or two hours will normally be not a problem, but if it is late afternoon and you did not wee since the day before, if you hold your urine since 20 hours, then become 2 hours more important and maybe to a great problem!”said Sue.

”That is not fair what you are doing to me, that you torturing me so bad , that you make me suffer, that you ache and hurt my bladder so much that it becomes nearly unbearable and you sadist’s enjoy it and like it to see me suffer and desperate.

It is not fair, one of you peed before leaving and the other actually two times and you don’t let me wee even one single time.”Said Sue.

”Sure it is fair, you are a girl and girls are born to hold it!!!

Boys can piss everywhere, beside the car, behind a bush, against a wall, or somewhere else , but you girls can’t do that, girls can’t squat anywhere and show their naked, pissing pussy, they have to hold it, no matter how bad they would need to go.

” Stop to talk like that you weak guy’s, you are not even able to control your bodily needs and to control your silly bladder’s, you have to piss anywhere as soon as you feel just a lightly urge.” said Sue annoyed.

After a few minutes of silence, as soon as Sue noticed that it is was not a really traffic jam with long stops, that they just moved slowly, but steady, she was calming down a little bit.

She started again to talk about her need to wee and said “ Oh my got i need to pee so bad, you boys can not even imagine how urgently i need to go.”

”Sure we can imagine and we love that imagination, but what means very urgently? Asked a boy.

“You are feeling the urge to wee since you waked up in the morning, you feel the urge to empty your bladder, but you did not do it, you did not wee. Your urge became stronger and stronger touring the day, but you still did not wee!! How urgently can your urge get? What happens if it gets too much urgently, will you then piss your panties?

Is it so urgently that your urge is already painful?” Wanted the boy know.

The boys were so extreme horny about the knowledge that Sue did not wee since yesterday, horny from knowing that she is needing to go so very, very bad. They wanted to talk about it with her to increase their horniness.

They wanted to hear that she is full to burst, that her bladder is about to explode and that her need and her urge is already unbearable and they wanted that she still not piss, they wanted that she still hold her urine back in her sexy, young body!!

”You boys are so bad, my bladder is up to my navel and hard as a rock, my urge is so painful that i can’t think something else than to piss finally and you still want let me go.” Said Sue and pressed her hands between her thighs and was bending over.

*013*2023-06-01 21:43

Sue was begging again for a stop and the boys denied again to stop for to let her piss.

” Hold it!!!” Answered the driver boy, full of horniness about the knowledge how awful she is needing to wee and how long she is holding it.

To force the girl to hold her pee, to deny her to take a frantically needing wee, was an absolutely great turn on for the boys.

Sue on the other hand felt a painful urge, her bladder was so much overstretched that it was hurting her very bad, but she did like that kind of pain and she did like it to being forced from the boys to hold it. It was exciting for her that she was needing to wee so bad, but that they did not let her go and that they were so much aroused from her holding ability.

She did use her extreme need and her bladder pain to turn the boys on. She teased the boys by telling them about her urge and about her so much overfilled and hurting piss balloon in her belly.

The boys did nearly cum in their shorts from horniness.

Sue was aroused as well and her horniness did help her to stand the pain from her bursting full bladder and her hurting pee urge.

She talked about her need and about her overfilled bladder until they arrived at the boys home.

She was getting out of the car and was waiting in front of the house door for to get inside .

She was no more able to stand upright, she was bending over, she had her legs tight crossed and was rubbing her knees together like crazy.

As soon as they were in the house was Sue begging for to use the toilet, but the boys denied her to go and told her to strip her clothes.

*014*2023-06-04 09:39

It was late afternoon, nearly evening and the poor girl did not wee since the evening before, she was needing to go so bad since so many hours.

”I can’t stand it any longer! Let me wee now.”Said Sue, pressed one hand between her thighs and squatted down.

”Just a little bit longer, you can do it, you are our holding heroine, you are our bladder queen, you can hold it!

Strip your clothes and show us your big, sexy bladder in your sexy girl belly!” Was one boy begging.

”You can’t imagine how much it is turning us on to watch you holding. Nothing can be more arousing for us than to see you need to wee so very, very bad.”Said the other boy.

Both boys were standing with a big bone hard, visible dick in their short’s.

“It hurts so much, but okay, I’ll try my very best for a little longer .” Answered Sue.

“But no sex!” She said before she stripped her clothes except to her little, panties, which were still dry.

Although that all three were horny, the boys had to agree, no sex.

Unbelievable how much the girls belly was swollen, how much her bladder was visible bulging out from her lower abdomen.

Sue was laying with her back on the sofa and the boys could not resist to touch that ball in her belly , full with hot girl wee.

Her bladder was pregnant and bulging out from her abdomen so much, that the belly skin was visible stretched over her bladder.

The boys could no more press or push on the girls bladder, they just caressed it.

They could feel that it was hard as a rock and they did admire Sue her for her strong sphincter which was able to withstand so much pressure.

It must be the training from holding her wee day by day all day long at school, said a boy.

It is unbelievable, abnormal and perverse that the boys gets aroused so much horniness from the girls need to wee and from to see her suffer. Bad that they enjoy so much to see her fight against her strong urge and her painful need to wee.

To see her bladder hard and big as a pumpkin, to know that this horny thing in her belly is full since yesterday evening, made the boys want to torture it !

They started to massage her bladder, they pressed softly on this pee ball until Sue whined from needing to wee so horrendous.

“ I can’t bear up any longer, i go now!” Said Sue and wanted to get up.

One of the boys did take her by her hand and did not let her get up.

”What would happen if you would be in a crowd, at a place where you absolutely could not go and you would need to wee that bad as now, would you pee in your panties, or would you be able to hold it longer?” He asked her.

”I don’t know, i only know that it is already unbearable and that i HAVE to go now!” Answered the girl.

”One glass water and a half an hour longer.” Said the other boy.

Although Sue was already in agony of torment, she agreed.

Her belly was swollen, her bladder was bulging from hipbone to hipbone and up to her navel.

The boys could not believe that a girl bladder could become that big and they could not imagine that a girl could be able to fill her bladder that full and to endure so much pain.

Sue could not imagine that as well until now and did count the minutes until she gets released and until she could finally let her wee out.

A girl is made to hold and to wait, said the boys some hours ago, but a girl is not made to hold her wee for 22 hours!! Thought Sue to herself.

She was squirming and moaning all the time. She had one hand inside her panties and pressed one finger hard against her pee hole.

The boys would have loved to help her, a finger in the girls wet slit, pressed hard against her little hole where so much urine is forcing to come out for so long, would have been great.

After the time was over, they had to let her go.

Sue did try to get up, but could not stand upright anymore, she was bending over and she had to cross her legs wonderful, sexy legs. She lifted on leg and crossed one knee over the other, she had one hand inside her panties and squatted down.

She was just a few meters away from the toilet, but she could not move without to pee. She did try her best to calm down and to collect all her power to be able to move and to walk a few steps to the bathroom.

After she did some steps changed her panties from white to dark yellow between her thighs and some drops of wee were running down on her naked legs.

She stopped again for to squat and she was able to hold it in that way.

Until she was at the bathroom, that happened two more times. Her panties were pretty wet, but her poor bladder still full to burst.

After all, she was sitting on the toilet bowl , her panties down under her knees, it was bursting out of her loud sputtering and with a loud hissing sound.

The boys were watching her for longer than one minute and were rubbing their boners in front of her.

As Sue was ready, she was getting up and wanted to pull up her wet panties.

„You should wash your pissed panties before you put it on again !“said one boy, pulled her panties down over her legs. He could feel the wetness of the girl wee in his hand and he could smell the strong smelly of the urine, what the girl was holding back for so long. Then he did give it in the washbasin full with warm water.

The girl was totally naked now, the boys stripped their clothes too and against their agreement they wanted sex with her, they wanted to fuck her and Sue did let them do it.

TWO boys fucked ONE girl like crazy!

Two cock’s, but only one cunt!!

The girl was getting fucked so hard, her bladder and her young slit did never get strained so much before in her life, but all of them could not get enough. All three were in agony from being horny for so long.

The did stay for one more hour in the bed, before they did get up.

Sue did dry her panties with a hairdryer and did put it on.

“Did you ever get fucked with you bladder very, very full?“ asked one boy.

„No.“ answered Sue.

“Then we should try that next time!!!“ said the boy.

