I’m Just Gonna Wet the Bed Instead

Author: HissGenerator

*000*2022-12-26 05:47

This is a rather short story.

###

I'm Just Gonna Wet the Bed Instead

My crusty eyes creaked open and saw the blurry blue morning light leak past the bedroom shades and spread onto the ceiling. It must’ve been around 6am. Then immediately I felt the bloated pressure in my belly while laying on my back. Fuck, I was snuggly lazy when my innards twinged under my tender bump. I have to pee.

Oh, but I don’t want to get up. Already my eyes are squinting, the flowing-out pressure pressing down into my pussy and the burn of holding it back.

Mm-mm, I’m not gonna go.. I’m not gonna get up. I’ll snooze my alarming bladder.

I think I’ll just pee the bed again this time; I don’t want to lose my cozy heat here.

Okay, relax.. mm, relaxing those muscles and waiting.. anticipating..

O.. Oh.. Oh, Oh, Oh.. it’s coming.. that flowing heat down my thin pipe.

Mm, I’m gonna hold myself over these grey pajama shorts: they’re kinda lose — wait.. lem-me.. hold my liquid back for a sec so I can.. hnng.. ahh, there we go, a nice and tight wedgie.. fuckkhh, my butt is hanging out the thigh cuffs; the fabric forced up my crack and folded between my lips is deliciously tense.. okay, I’m ready.. fuck this is gonna be so hot..

O.. O-oh.. Oh.. Ah— Ah— A-ah, ah, ah.. fuckhh.. mm.. it’s hard to even breath while the urge twinges underneath my tender warm belly and presses into my clit: ooo, it’s actually kinda tickle-ish—

—Uh..hmnph!.. here it comes again.. oh, ohh, ohhh.. fuuuckh.. fuuuckhhh.. the heat is slipping down my pipe, mm, burning, about to exit my pee-hole..

U-uhhhhhhh.. fuuuu.. that’s so—my right palm is tickled by a hot stream.. wait.. if I still my breath, I can hear the hot liquid hissing into my hand..

“khkhkhkhkhkhiiiiit—khkhkhkhiiit.. khkhkhiiieeeeeerrrrrrrrrrghghghgh..”

O.. o-ohh, here we go: full release: finally, without the hesitation.. wow.. it’s like a hot towel is smothering my pussy..

“..ghghghghghghghgh..”

Awhhh, fuckhh.. that low burble is eargasmic while my butthole is.. so fucking warm.. I could just come now—no.. no.. let’s just pee, I want it to come out slow..

Ahhhh, now the puddle is tiptoeing down between my thighs.. hehe: I can feel the pool between me, my fingertips paddling the surface of my piss puddle.. fuck, I wanna look at my shame..

Ah, damn, goodbye cozy heat on my tits.. but hello dark yellow pee.. wow, my shorts are completely wet, all the way around.

Ugh, shoot, I’m nearly at the end.. mm, dipping my whole hand in the dark hot yellow is.. I can’t even.. my dwindling stream glistens out the dark grey fabric like a weak water fountain.. mm, fuck, I need to do something about the growing emptiness underneath my shorts.. lemme.. jusss.. lay back and fantasize..

“What if Andy barged in and caught this dirty girl fondling her dirty wet self in a dark yellow puddle of her own making? Hm.. that.. that would be.. be.. hnnm.. hnnm.. hnn, hnn, huh..”

“What if he just stood there shocked but curious.. then just walked to the bedside of this girl moaning in her bed for a closer look, and surrounded by the aroma of her concentrated piss.. hnn, hnn, hmm, Hmm!..”

“What if his eyes just stared at the motion of her right hand, going faster and faster: her crotch squelching; and her exhales shorter and shorter yet louder and louder.. HO! Fuck! I’m gonna come.. Hm, Hm, Hm, Hm!..”

“What if he just watched her come while her puddle of shame sloshed between her legs and belched out a confidant groan—shit, shit, shit! U-UH!”

“He’d be looking at this contorting girl, whining and wriggling, shifting her bedsheets as the cooling liquid between her prickly thighs sloshes across the surface of her bed..”

“And her hard nipples poking through her white T when she arches her back while at the cusp..”

“He’d see the girl suddenly freeze and slowly melt back into her bed, her blue eyes slowly open and locking into his.. and she’d say: ‘I’ve wet the bed, what are you going to do to me, now?’”

I’d wish he’d pull away the front side and fuck me through my wet shorts in my wet sheets..

If only it were real.

