A girl trained to hold her pee!

Author: huberp76

*000*2019-11-05 21:14

One more story from my youth!

Years ago i made a car trip with one of my girlfriends. Lisa was her name. For me she had a perfekt body, she was very slim exactly how i like the girls.

We had many similar interests, i did like her very much, but she was more a girl for my body than for my heart. Our journey should bring us to some cities in Europe.

We started at 6 am. We had enough to drink and to eat in our car, the petrol tank was full, so it was not really necessary to stop for some hours.

It was about 10 am as Lisa said " can we please stop anywhere? I need to wee!"

OMG, how did i like to hear this! She needed to wee, the bladder of this slim girl next to me was full. How bad was Lisa needing to wee, how full was her bladder?

For me not and never full enough, so i wanted to make her hold!

I teased her and said "Oh my little girl need a wee!? Did you not have your morning pee?"

I had my morning pee, but it is hours ago and i had a lot of coffee and any juice" she answered.

"I don't want to stop just for a wee, you are a big girl, i think you can hold it until lunch!?" i said.

"Girls have a strong bladder, girls are good in holding, you are a big girl, hold it!" i told her.

"Why do your boys always say something stupid like that?" she said angry. Girls have a bladder like boys and girls need to wee like boys if their bladder is full, where should be the difference? The only difference is that girls are sometimes forced to hold it because they have less opportunities to wee, but that does not mean that they would not have to.

"That is exactly what i mean, girls have sometimes to hold it because the circumstances and for that they should train to hold it, they should train to endure a full bladder for hours if it is necessary.

"I think we should use this journey to train your bladder, no wee for you until after lunch!" i said. After that she was a little bit quiet. She was shifting in her seat so that her short skirt was sliding up on her slender, nude thighs nearly up to her panties.

I could see it on her upper thighs how she tensed her muscles with all her power to keep her pee hole shut and to keep her panty dry.

I loved to see her suffer and she did know that. She looked at me and said "now you tortured me long enough let me wee, i am needing it so bad".

"No!!! Hold it, it will be a good training for you, are you really that full down there" i said and pressed my hand in her belly. I could feel that her bladder was bulging and tensed, like a girls bladder always should be.

At noon she said that it would be time for a lunch. I told her that she would not like to stop for something to eat, i told her that she just wanted to stop for to piss.

"Yes, yes i need to piss" she said loud and consequent, i am needing to wee since hours, my bladder is full to burst, my belly hurts from needing to wee so bad and you want let me go. That is not more funny, stop and let me pee".

"Just a little longer, you can endure that" i said and did drive past one service place and then past an other. Her pretty, slim legs was twisted as i finally stopped at about 1pm. Lisa told me that she could not get out of the car, she would start to wee as soon she would give her legs apart.

I grumbled with her and said that is exactly what i mean, if she would be good trained, she would not have a problem to get out, she would be able to hold it, like girls should be able at such a situation.

She did get out with both hands pressed hard between her thighs. She was standing beside my car with her legs tight crossed and then, after one minute, she walked stiff and light bended over with her knees rubbing together to the station. Everybody who saw her must have known what she was needing to do so badly.

On the way i told her that we first take a table, then we make the order and then she could go to the loo, or better would be she hold it until after lunch.

"No way" she said " not even one more minute longer, first the loo and then all other". I could not stop her, i had to let her go. It would have been great to go with her, to hear how long and how powerful she was pissing after holding it for so long, but that was not possibile.

As she came back i told her how cute and how sexy she is if she is so desperate for a wee. She was not angry about that, that i made her hold it for so long. She realized that she could make me horny with her full bladder.

Next day she played this "game" with me. At lunch she wanted to the loo. "Hold it!" i said and she did not go, she did not go until we was back at the hotel. She did know that she could make me total horny if she was needing to wee and was holding her pee for hours.

She did know that i wanted to fuck her very hard if she was full to burst and she wanted to get fucked very, very hard, so she did hold it nearly every day.

Our last destination was Paris. Before we did get there i did not let her take her morning pee. Poor Lisa was about to burst, but no wee for her!!!!

(continued)

*001*2020-01-04 11:26

Our last destination of our journey was Paris.

At 6 pm we had dinner. We both went to the loo at the restaurant.

At about 10 pm we stopped at a motel, but there was no free rooms, so we decided to sleep in the car.

We putted the seats down. Lisa stripped her skirt and i my shorts and pressed our bodies together under only one blanket.

One of my thigh was between her thighs pressed on her slit.

We did not take a pee.

I did wake up at 7 am. I was very quite, for a defined reason I did not wanted to wake her up.

I did take a much needed piss beside the car and started to drive.

The girl did lie on her back, on the seat beside me and was sleeping deep.

I pushed the blanket away, to see her nearly naked body.

She did only wear a shirt and tiny panties.

Her belly was nude and a little bit swollen. I could see the contours of her bladder.

It was so arousing for me to see her bladder bulging out of her usual flat belly and to think that she did not wee since 15 hours.

To imagine how much hot wee she did hold in her bladder, how overfilled her bladder must have been, made me horny.

She waked up a few minutes after 9 am.

“Where are we?” she wanted to know.

”About 3 hours to Pais” I answered.

”OMG, I need to wee so bad, we have to stop as soon as possible “ she said.

”Oh no, we don’t have to stop, you have to hold it “ I replied.

”Now I know why you did not wake me up in the morning, you did not want that I can wee anywhere , you want to make me hold it. You want torture me and my bladder.I am sure you pissed before we left.” she said.

”Yes , I pissed in the morning, I was pretty full, but i am a boy and you are a girl, you have to hold it! Girls should always be able to hold it, if they have to and you have to “ I answered.

”How long?” she wanted to know.

”If you ask me like that, until tomorrow.” I said.

” You must be crazy “ she said.

”Yes, I am crazy about girls bursting to pee. I am crazy about girls who have to hold it until they can’t anymore and I am crazy about bursting full girl bladders, but you already know that, so hold it for me “ I answered.

I looked at her swollen belly, putted on it and pressed soft on her bladder.

She moaned, from needing to wee so bad and I said “ you are pretty full down there, but I am sure you can hold much more, your bladder can get bigger, no wee for you!!”

(continued)

*002*2020-01-12 01:16

It was so exciting for me, that this girl beside me, did not wee since yesterday evening.

That she was nearly nude, that her belly was swollen from her overfilled bladder did increase my arousing.

She pulled her little skirt on and putted the seat in the right position.

I pushed her skirt up to see her slim thighs up to her panties.

I could see that she had goos pimples on her smooth thighs.

“Are you feeling cold?“ i asked her.

„No! Why are you asking „ she wanted to know.

I told her that she has goos pimples on her thighs and rubbed with my hand over her skin.

She said that is why she is needing to wee so bad.

I wanted to know if she always has goos pimples if she needs to wee.

She answered „ No. Only if i am needing to pee really, really bad, so bad like now.“

“I have been holding it for so long, i did not wee since yesterday, let me go.“ she said.

“Do you pee your panties, if i don’t let you go?“ I wanted to know.

“No, i don’t!“ she replied.

“Then be a good girl and hold it!“ i said.

“I am not a good girl, i am a silly girl if i hold it so long for you. You can’t imagine how it hurt‘s not to wee for so long.“ she answered.

I could see it on her moves, how bad she would have needed to go, but she did not talk anymore about her urge to pee, because she did know that i would not stop for her, to let her pee.

Sometimes i slipped with my hand in her panties and pressed soft on her bulging bladder.

She moaned but she did let me do it.

At about 1 pm we was in Paris, in a hotel. I was more a bed and breakfast, because we wanted not spend much money.

The girl needed to wee so bad, that she nearly could not go. She rubbed her knees together and made only little steps.

It was not a long way, but it did take a long time, to go from the car to the hotel.

At the room, she was standing with her slim legs tight crossed and she was looking for the bathroom, but there was no bathroom.

The was only a wash basin inside, but the loo was outside.

She wanted to go, but i did not let her, i made her sitting on the bed.

“Oh no, we can’t do that, i am so full, i am full to burst.“ she said afraid.

“Sure, we can!“ i said and stripped her naked.

Her abdomen was swollen and her bladder was bulging.

The poor girl did not wee since 19 hours, she was needing it so bad, but i did not wanted to let her go and i think that she did not wanted to go too.

I can’t believe that she was able to endure to get fucked so hard.

Sometimes a slipped my hand between our bellies and pressed soft on her bladder.

When ever i pressed i I could feel how she squeezed my cook with her tight slit.

She was moaning from the need to wee and from lust.

She did like that a lot and she did like it to get her bladder tortured.

It was not a full bladder fuck, it was a bursting bladder fuck.

After all she did get out of the bed, she was standing with both hands between her thighs and her thighs hard crossed over her hands.

I think she had one finger pressed on her pee hole.

She was bended over and could not move anymore.

She said that she was not able to dress her on to go outside to the loo and i think she was at her absolutely limit.

I had to help her!

There was a flower vase on the table, I did give it to her.

She did put i between her thighs and started to piss with high pressure.

She pissed for extreme long.

Her urine was dark yellow from holding it for so long and it foamed.

She could not stop to piss, how bad must this girl have needed that.

I did measure how much she was holding, it was 1.200ml hot wee.

What a big, strong bladder this young, thin girl had, to hold so much wee in.

We was so horny, that we fucked again after she peed her bladder empty.

In Europe we call Paris the City of love, so we had to make love.

*005*2020-01-17 07:08

{{On 1/15/2020 at 10:22 AM, HoldingPrinces said:

Your stories are always amazing

}}

Thank you, i am glad that you like my stories.

*006*2020-01-19 20:15

{{On 1/17/2020 at 8:02 AM, 27Mape said:

Woah. so she held it for more than 19 hours?? that must be hard. nice story!

}}

I am glad that you like my story, thank you.

Yes she held it for more than 19 hours.

Yes it was hard for her, she was needing to wee really, really bad, but i simply did not let her go.

Her bladder was swollen and hard, after holding it for so long.

Do you like it if girls holding it so long?

Do you like it if girls hold a bursting full bladder for hours?

I they are forced to hold it?

*008*2020-01-20 21:22

{{23 hours ago, 27Mape said:

Yeah, I like it when someone holds for so long. But to be honest, I'm more interested when a dom tells the person to hold, but in a consensual way, you know? And actually, that's something I like in your story here. I mean, for me, it sounds like, although she's in so much pain, Lisa actually wants to be submissive. She wants to pee, but she also wants to obey and hold until she's told otherwise. Well, that's what I felt while reading. Am I right?

}}

You write that you like it if “someone “ holds it for so long.

Do you like girls and boys desperation? I love both!

I love it too if someone is forced to hold it, like it happens in s&m, like you write in a “consensual” way.

Yes Lisa was in pain, she told me that she were needing to wee before we went to sleep at 10 pm the day before.

To that time she did not wee since 4 hours and she did drink a lot at the dinner.

She were needing to wee, but she did not say something, because she did not wanted to get teased from me, so she did hold it.

As she waked up at 9 am, she did not wee since 15 hours, she were needing to go really bad and painful.

I told her that i would not stop for her, just to let her pee .

I told her that she is a big girl and she she had to hold it.

You are right, she wanted to pee so bad and she wanted to obey, so she did hold it until i did let her go, even it was painful for her.

*010*2020-01-23 22:20

{{On 1/22/2020 at 9:34 PM, 27Mape said:

Yeah, I can only imagine how much she was bursting. I mean, such an ocean of urine inside of her, and she wouldn't let it out, even with her bladder probably contracting like crazy in a desperate attempt to release it all. I bet she probably felt like her whole body was shaking with the enormous need of relief.

And yeah, you are right. I'm also interested in both male and female desperation!

}}

Yes that is exactly what i like, i like to imagine how much she was bursting, how much wee she was holding inside of her and how strong and enormous her need to pee must have been.

Lisas bladder was bulging out between her pregnant hip bones, it must have been really painful for her to hold it for so long, but she was able to endure it.

Did you ever make a girl or boy hold a bursting full bladder for hours?

*012*2020-01-25 15:13

{{13 hours ago, 27Mape said:

Actually no, I've never made anyone hold it... I'm not sure if it's my thing, and I would get a bit worried. I mean, I would feel pretty bad if someone had a bladder infection after holding it for too long for me, you know?

}}

I understand, but you like the imagination that a girl is holding a full bladder for hours?

