No reliefe for a boy's bursting bladder!

Author: huberp76

*000*2019-08-19 19:04

In the little town where i lived was a student who made little works for money.

Once i had to bring some pieces of furniture to a town about 3 1/2 hours per car from my place. I asked this boy if he would like to help me and he agreed. I did not really need him for help, i just did not want to make this 7 hour trip alone.

I wanted to have this good looking, slim boy beside me for my journey. He was really cute, more cute as it should be allowed for a boy.

Another reason to take him with me, was that i wanted to try to make him hold his pee for the entire day. I would not give him only one opportunity to go all day long.

One day bevor our journey he asked me what kind of cloth he would need for this "work" and i told him that he would need only a T shirt and shorts.

He did not have anything to work, the only thing he had to do was to show me his nude legs and to have his bladder full and hold it, but that he could not know.

Early at the morning he was at my house. We had a quick breakfast, coffee and orange juice for the boy's bladder. We went with a little lorry, so that he was sitting close to me.

It was nice to talk with him and i loved to see his slender, naked, smooth boy legs. His shorts was very short, like it was fashion to that time, so that i could see a lot of his slim, bare thighs. It was difficult for me to resist to touch it.

This way the time was running very fast and it was little bit after noon when we delivered our pieces. It was time for a lunch and willful i went to a kiosk without a loo.

I was sure that the boy was needing to go at that time. I could see it on his moves, but he did not say anything, maybe he was to shy or it was not urgent enough.

I know that was bad, but i thought a large coke would be a good invest for my joy and my lust. After lunch we went back to our pickup and about half hour later i had to stop at a petrol station for petrol.

I told him to stay in the car because i leave all our things in the car and i wont lock it. No pee for him!!!

I went to pay the petrol, i did buy 2 large coke and did take a much needed pee, the boy did not see that. As i was back in the car he started to speak something like " can i … can i please…." i did know what he wanted to aske me, but i wanted to make him hold, no loo and no pee for him, so i interrupt him, did talke about something other and started the engine.

After some time i opened the 2 cokes, but he did not want to take one. He did know why and i did it know it too, but i said he should drink it because i can not drink both.

He was a good boy, he did drink it even his bladder was full to that time. One hour later he was needing to pee really, really bad, but he still did not say something about it.

If he thought i did not look at him he rubbed his bare knees and pressed his hands hard in his crotch.

We still had more than 2 hours to go!

To be continued tomorrow.

*002*2019-08-19 21:37

{{2 hours ago, macgyversgirl said:

This is really good looking forward to seeing the aftermarth off all the drinking tomorrow

}}

What do you think how much a boy bladder can endure?

Holding for so long and drinking so much.

I think he gets punished for drinking so much, he has to hold it!

*004*2019-08-20 19:16

Part 2

There was only one more parking lot at the motorway back home where i had to drive pass, than there was no more possibility to stop anywhere on the way to my house.

Than the poor boy had to hold it or pee his pants.

The coke can was empty but the boy's bladder was over full. He was needing to pee so bad that he could not hide his urge anymore. He rubbed his knees on each other, he did bent over and crossed his nude, slim legs, but he did not talk about his need and he did not ask for a pee stop.

I think that he was to shy or to proud to ask for permission to pee. Big, healthy boys don't do that, they are strong enough to hold it.

20 minutes later, i think that the last coke was already in his bladder, he was needing to pee so bad that he had no other way than to ask for a stop.

He stuttered something like " I..i..ne...can we please…" Again i interrupt him and talked about something else.

A few minutes later we passed the last parking lot. He did not know that it was the last. He looked yearning to the loos beside the road. Than he said loud and strictly " sorry, i cant't wait any longer". Sure i did know what for he was waiting, but i wanted to hear more of it, so i asked "i don't know what you mean, what for are you waiting?"

"For to pee" he said and now he did not stop to talk about it " i need to pee soooo bad, i am holding it for soo long, i am needing to go long bevor noon and i am still holding it, but now i can't wait anylonger. Please stop anywhere, i have to pee now, i must pee, my bladder will burst if i don't."

I did try to help him to calm down and said" i am really sorry but this was the last loo on our way home and there is no other opportunity to stop, i am really sorry but i think that you have to hold it.

I know that is bad, but i was not really sorry, i was really horny to watch this cute boy to hold it!

"Why did you not aske earlier for a pee stop" i wanted to know.

He told me that he has a strong bladder and that he usual can hold it easily all day if he has to, but maybe that he had to much cokes today.

The boy had bad luck too, there was a accident on the motorway so that we could go only very slowly and sometimes just stop and go.

He was nearly crazy from needing to pee so bad, but there was no way, he still had to hold it one and a half hour. I could see it on his nude thighs how he tensed all his muscles, with all his power to hold his urine in his overstretched bladder.

He opened the first button of his small shorts to give his bladder more room to expand and to reduce the pressure from outside.

His belly was now nude from over his navel till down to the second button of his shorts. I could see how swollen his tummy from his big, overfilled bladder was.

I looked first down and than at him and said "You are really full down there, your bladder is big as a soccer ball, i can believe that you are needing to go really bad.

He did grip his nude thighs with his hand very hard and said "i am sorry that i act like a little boy, but i never needed to pee so bad, never in my life and i did not know that pee holding can get so painful.

"I am sorry that you have to suffer so much" i said to him and he answered "you don't have to be sorry, it is only my fault, why did i drink so much and why did i not aske earlier for a pee stop".

Than he asked me if i don't need to go and i told him that i did go at the petrol station and that i would need to pee again and that i can understand that he is full to burst after holding it for so long.

He was fighting with all his power against his excessive urge to pee. He said to him self, but so that i could hear it " oh my god i need to pee, i need to piss, i need to piss, i need to piss, oh my god i need it so much, my bladder will explode if i don't go.

Than he looked to me and asked "how much longer do i have to hold it? i need to wee soooo bad!!!! and than he asked if he could use my loo if we are at home, because it would be impossible for him to hold it until his home."

"Sure" i answered . I wanted to hear him pee after holding it for so long.

It was amazing and nearly incredible that this boy could endure that for so long. His belly was swollen, his bladder was bulging out and he was not even leaking.

Next and last part , tomorrow.

*006*2019-08-20 21:41

{{34 minutes ago, macgyversgirl said:

Oh wow I love male desperation and this is fantastic I wounded if he leaks a little

}}

Am glad that you like it. Thank you.

*007*2019-08-21 18:11

Part 3

As soon as i stopped the car in front of my house on a little avenue he did try to get out. He did it slowly, i think it was very difficult for him with his bladder that full. He was not able to close his first button from his small short, his belly was too swollen and his shorts was to tight .

He was leaning on the car, his slim, nude legs was tight crossed and his body was bent over. He was waiting until i opened my garden door so that he finally could use my loo after the torture of holding and waiting for so long.

Suddenly he moaned and groaned and i could see how the pee was running down on his left nude leg. The cute boy pissed his shorts, he pushed his shorts at the left thigh up to get his still pissing penis out of his shorts. He could not stop, he pissed and pissed, i think for more than one minute. It was unbelievable how much hot pee this boy could hold in his bladder.

He was standing opposite me, his shorts, his leg, his hand, his socks and his shoes was all wet. The whole boy was smelling from wee. He looked at me and said " i am sorry, i did my best, but i could not hold it anymore."

He did not want to take money for his "work" he said it would be a shame for a boy at his age to piss his pants and that i don't have to pay for pants pissing.

I payed dopple, he did not know why!

*009*2019-08-22 10:07

{{15 hours ago, macgyversgirl said:

Great ending on how it ended for him

}}

A good question. I did take him to my house, for a shower and for a little bit more.

I‘ll tell it you in a few days.

*013*2019-08-28 15:16

I am glad that this now has been clarified. Thank you for your support and for unlocking the thread and removing the negative points.

Peter

*014*2020-01-22 22:26

Part 4

This slim, cute, piss wet boy went with me in my house.

All day long I thought that he is a quite, shy boy, but then inside, he suddenly lost his shyness.

I offered him to take a shower and he accepted.

He went with his soaked shorts in my bathroom and came after a few minutes out, with only a towel around his slim waist.

I did look if he did wear a mini skirt. His smooth, slim legs was so great, i could hardly resist to touch them.

I was so impressed from his smooth, slim body and his cute face, that i was not able to speak at the moment.

My cock did speak for me and i think the boy did see that.

No girl could have attract me more, at this moment, as this boy.

A few minutes later, I was half back to reality and i said „Boy, you have a great body.“

“Thank you.” said the boy and kissed me with wet lips on my cheek.

”I know that you like my body, but do you like me too?” asked the boy.

”Why are you knowing that i like your body.” i wanted to know.

”The way you did look at me, especially at my nude legs.” he answered.

Again i did not know what i should say. I could not lie and why should i have lie?!!

”Yes, yes, i like you and i like your wonderful body.” i said with a soft voice.

This nearly naked boy walked two steps to me, wrapped his slender arms around my neck and kissed me.

He kissed me long and tender.

Oh my god, i thought to myself, i never kissed a boy before.

I was like electricity, he did taste so good, he was so tender, it was all so new for me, I could not get enough from him.

I did take his firm, little ass in my hands and pressed his slim body had against my body.

Meanwhile he was total naked, the towel was on the floor and i could feel that his dick was had and up to his navel.

A little later he asked me if he could wash his soaked shorts in my bathroom.

“Sure „i said and told him that they will not be dry before he would have to go home.

He would know a way that they will get dry, he said.

I was curious and asked how he will do that.

He said „ if i stay overnight, my shorts will be dry in the morning .“

Oh how i wanted this! I did and could not hide it, I said that i would love it.

He did know, that i would love it, he answered.

„ Where was this shy boy gone, this could not be the same boy who pissed his shorts, not even two hours ago „ i asked myself.

This boy did know what he wanted, he did know how to seduce me, but he had not really much to do- we wanted both the same.

We were dyed from the day and went early to bed.

We was total naked, I could not believe that this legs what i was watching all day long, was now between my legs, that i could feel the smooth skin from his thighs with my thighs.

I could not believe that my hands was holding his little ass and that our bodies was pressed tight together .

That was so wonderful and did feel sooo good and amazing.

Next morning we waked up, we looked at each other, smiled and kissed, like lovers to.

I was sure that i was in love with this boy and I thought that he did love me too.

“I need to pee, i did not go since i pissed my shorts yesterday „ he did whisper in my ear.

„ Should I go, or should I hold it for you?“ he asked.

With this question, he surprised me again.

“Why are you asking that „ i wanted to know.

He told me that he would know that i like it if if he is holding a full bladder for hours, He could see it on my bulging pants, as he was needing to go so bad yesterday. There would have been many opportunities to let him go, but I did make him wait and wait.,

He said that he did like to hold it for me, but the last coke was simply to much for him, he did not want to piss himself, he could not hold it anymore.

“You don’t need to answer „ he said „ i hold it for you. I don’t pee! How long do you want to make me hold!“ he asked.

We were both hard, we pressed our bodies together and kissed.

I told him that i would love it if he don’t pee as long as he could and i told him that i would hold it with him.

We did get up and went in the garden, nude as we were.

My garden is large, with many trees. Nobody could see us as we were lying at the pool.

We had breakfast, with coffee and orange juice, but no pee for us.

I peed before bed, at everything, he not since late afternoon, as he pissed his shorts.

It was a really great day for us, maybe I’ll tell you more about it?

