Mall Security

Author: herrokitty

*000*2021-03-09 03:08

Hey all, wrote a one-shot story based on a convo with @ed2

. There's a realistic ending and a not-realistic ending, the latter has messing while the former is just wetting.

Mall security was a boring job. Being in charge of the security cameras… even more boring. It didn’t help that movies like Paul Blart: Mall Cop and Observe and Report made the job the butt of jokes. But, I didn’t mind getting paid to sit on my ass and watch the screens. I didn’t even have to do anything if I did see something go down - most of my job consisted of writing down the time and location and a description of someone when I saw them shoplift. I tried my best to not even do that unless it was really obvious.

The COVID pandemic made my job more boring, at least at first. Well, first of all, for a while I didn’t have a job. Living in this nightmare of a country, I was given unpaid leave as the mall remained closed for a month while the government gave me a solitary check for my troubles. Despite the pandemic not improving, the mall eventually did open back up with some restrictions and I was back to work, but now there was even less to pay attention to as most people did their best to stay home. A mall was full of unnecessary products, was indoors, and not known for attracting the smartest people - it was exactly the kind of place everyone assumed would become a hotspot.

Being in my lone security office with the cameras, radioing the security officers actually patrolling every once in a while, that risk wasn’t too high for me. My job continued to be boring and I continued to put in the very minimum effort - until one day I noticed something.

On my camera, I saw a woman - in her 20s, brunette, tall - come to a stop and cross her legs when she exited a clothing store. I first thought she might have been up to no good, hence paying attention. When she uncrossed her legs, she speedwalked away, adding to my suspicion. She left one camera frame but I picked her up on a different camera. She turned to a hallway that did not lead to any stores and that’s when I realized. That hallway led to the bathrooms - she had to pee. But, because of the pandemic, the bathrooms were all closed!

There was one camera for that hallway. I now stared intently as I waited for her to appear in the frame. She did a few seconds later and I saw the inevitable face of despair as she saw the closed sign. She fully crossed her legs and thrust her hands in her crotch, bending over 45 degrees as she bounced in desperation. After a moment, she turned and hurried away.

I watched her as she left the mall - I didn’t see an accident, but my job just got much more interesting. I’ve always been… attracted to a desperate woman and couldn’t believe this was my first time in a job where I was getting paid to spy on people.

Unfortunately for me, despite a couple more minor desperate sightings, I didn’t see anything even as titillating as that brunette for a couple more months. This changed in a major way for me in October. Traffic was up a little, as our local college reopened despite everyone telling them not to.

On this fateful October afternoon, I saw three athletes from the local college enter. I noticed them because they were still in their uniforms and because they were from different sports. I’ve seen teams go to the mall together, but never saw three different sports’ athletes enter in uniform. I wondered if their practices were at the same time or something. One was a tall Black girl with curly hair down to her shoulders. She wore a tight red top, our college’s color, with the number 3 on the back and the college name on the front. Unlike a football or basketball jersey, her name wasn’t on the back but the tiny, skintight black shorts made it clear she was a volleyball player.

The second girl was a short Latina with straight hair. Her top was looser, almost like a t-shirt, while her shorts were looser and a little bit longer as well, and both were red. Her back said 17, but similarly did not have a name. It was clear she was a soccer player, and I’m not racially profiling when I say that.

The last girl was a short-haired blonde of a similar height to the soccer player with a red singlet top and red briefs. I generally thought track athletes pulled on sweatpants over their running briefs when they weren’t actively racing, but it was unseasonably warm that day so maybe she didn’t care. I did admire three in-shape women in revealing clothing for a moment, but I quickly moved on as I had no reason at that moment to keep observing them.

About 45 minutes later, I observed the three enter a small, local clothing store. At this point I should explain something - our mall divided up security. Some stores, especially the larger, chain, big-box stores, had their own security cameras and even security guards. The smaller ones, though, paid the mall to provide that service. So this local store’s cameras were under my supervision. Since there was nothing else of note going on, I switched to that camera to see what was up.

I was surprised to see one of their employees. Well, I obviously wasn’t surprised to see her, she was doing her job folding clothes. I was surprised that she had her legs crossed and was bent over like she really had to pee. This employee was a brunette, skinny, wearing a tight turtleneck and loose jeans.

The track athlete walked up to the store employee. I obviously did not know what they were talking about, but I could tell the employee could not stand still as she listened, bouncing her legs and shifting which leg she leaned on more heavily. The track athlete was bouncy, too, not standing still and hopping from leg to leg. The employee shook her head no. I couldn’t see the track athlete, since her behind was to me, but she reacted by crossing her legs tightly and shooting her hands into her crotch. She must have asked about bathrooms and been turned down.

The track athlete returned to the other two girls. The Latina soccer player was rifling through clothes like she didn’t notice the conversation, but the blonde track athlete must have told the volleyball player because I saw a look of momentary panic on her face. While I wasn’t sure how the soccer player was doing, it was clear that three of the women were desperate with no options until they left the mall. At this point, I wasn’t even checking the other cameras and stayed focused on this one store.

The soccer player seemed committed to finding someone she wanted, so she continued to dig through jeans. Perhaps she wasn’t as desperate as her friends, though I noticed when she was standing still her legs were crossed. Meanwhile, her two friends sifted through clothes themselves, but they seemed half-hearted - more to distract themselves than because they really wanted to buy clothes. I even eyed the employee, who continued to bounce up and down as she folded clothes in a corner of the store.

After a few minutes, the soccer player seemed to finally pick out a pair of pants she wanted. She walked to the back where the fitting rooms were. The desperate store employee greeted her but stopped her. They had a heated conversation, where I presume the store employee explained that fitting rooms were closed. The whole time, the store employee’s legs were crossed and despite not being able to see too much detail, I swore I saw a small dark spot form on her crotch.

The soccer player did not notice and walked away in a huff. The volleyball player and track athlete were waiting at the store entrance. The track athlete was openly holding her crotch, The volleyball player tried to look less obvious, standing with her legs tightly crossed and rocking forward and backward. When the soccer player got to them, the track athlete uncovered her crotch and whispered to the soccer player, pointing down. Fortunately, I had the angle to see and thought I also saw a wet spot on her red briefs. If the volleyball player had leaked, she made no mention nor would it be visible through a security camera with her black shorts.

Realistic(-ish) ending:

As they left the store and made their way out of the mall, I flipped through cameras to keep watching them. Halfway to the exit, the track athlete slowed to baby steps. Her two friends forged ahead before realizing their friend was falling behind. As they turned around, I could see distinctly the dark spot I thought I noticed expand. While the camera resolution wasn’t good enough to see droplets or rivulets, I saw her legs where glistening and I could make out an expanding puddle.

Her friends simultaneously gasped, watching, but the mall was empty enough no one else seemed to notice. I couldn’t help but wonder if there was a sound and I wished I was physically there, but witnessing the bright red ears and cheeks of embarrassment on the blonde athlete while also seeing the relief on her face was a pretty good show. After about half a minute, she wordlessly began to speed walk out of the mall, dragging her two friends with her. I decided to do my job for once and picked up my walkie-talkie, switching to the custodial staff radio. “Need a clean-up outside of the Hot Topic. Looks like a puddle of some kind.”

A custodian confirmed they were on their way and satisfied I did SOMETHING productive today, I switched my view to the store to check on the employee I knew was leaking already. She was at the cash register ringing up a customer. She seemed distracted, grimacing her face. I assumed it was from desperation but when the customer left, I saw her rush to the back of the store. Without the cash register and table blocking her lower half, I realized she was totally soaked - she must have peed as she worked. I felt a pang of guilt for enjoying the view, knowing she was likely having the worst shift of her life.

Knowing there was likely another show, I switched my view to a camera facing an exit. I saw the three athletes burst through the doors, the blonde girl’s red briefs darkened halfway up both the front and the back, very obviously showing the evidence from her accident. I was surprised to see they didn’t head straight towards campus but they turned right along the sidewalk, running parallel to the walls of the mall. A few feet down there is a little enclave due to the entrance sticking out further than the rest of the mall. I immediately realized what was happening as this spot was secluded from the mall parking lot. I had one camera with a sightline on this path and I switched to it just in time to see the soccer player pull down her shorts and immediately began peeing. I could clearly see her strong stream, heavy enough that her growing puddle was almost frothing.

Her public urination was too much for the volleyball player, who was too embarrassed to do the same. She was now writhing on the spot, crossing her legs back and forth and dancing up and down. However, her shyness would be her downfall, as I saw her legs begin to glisten and a growing dark patch on the concrete form beneath her feet. I couldn’t see any markings on her clothes due to her shorts being black, but I knew she was wetting herself. Her facial expression was an odd mix of horror and relief and she closed her eyes as she continued to wet herself. The track athlete put her arm around her to comfort her and the soccer player was also saying something to her, though I had no idea what. After another half minute, the soccer player pulled up her shorts (with nothing to wipe, I noticed) and the three girls made their way out of the parking lot and towards campus, and I was left with images burned into my memory as I tried to refocus on my job.

Fantasy ending (messing warning):

I could bear to watch on camera no more and I radioed in that I was taking my break. Technically, someone was supposed to take over cameras when I took my break, but especially during the pandemic no one cared if the station was unmanned for fifteen minutes. I hurried down to the store I knew the three girls would be leaving soon and tried to think of a reason to interact with them. I arrived just as the three girls walked out, and in-person I could clearly see the quarter-sized wet spot on the track athlete’s briefs. Still with only a half-baked plan, I blurted out, “Hey! Stop!”

They did what I asked, which surprised me, until I remembered I was in my mall security uniform. I thought on my feet. “Sorry, just a store reported an item missing and you three were at the store. We are just checking everyone who went in and out.”

The track athlete looked angry. “Are you accusing us of stealing?”

“No m’am, we have to follow up with every customer whenever something is reported missing.”

The volleyball player looked suspicious. “Was it this store that reported us?”

“No. Listen, it’s obvious you three probably aren’t it. Two of you don’t even have pockets.” I turned to the soccer player. “Just show me what’s in your pockets and I can let you go.”

She nodded and the three visibly calmed down as she pulled out keys and her phone. Her phone case doubled as her wallet. As she showed me, I saw the track athlete cross her legs and bend over and I thought the spot grew a little. The volleyball player also bounced up and down, though she tried to keep it subtle. I nodded to the soccer player. “You’re all good. But, uhh… I have to ask. Do you need the bathroom?”

All three girls nodded vigorously. I had my plan. “Listen, ladies, I’m not supposed to do this, but I can unlock a bathroom for you.”

Their faces showed their relief. Yes pleases and oh my god thank yous were said. I cautioned, “I can unlock the single occupancy bathroom so it’s one at a time, just as a heads up. But follow me.”

I intentionally led them to the furthest bathroom in the mall. As we walked, I could tell the track athlete’s steps were getting smaller as she got closer to losing control. The other two were better at hiding their desperation, but it drove me crazy knowing I was with three desperate women. We finally arrived at the hallway that led away from the stores; at the end were three locked bathroom doors - male, female, and single occupancy. I had pretended the single occupancy one was the only one I could unlock, so I led them down the hall to that door.

About halfway down the hall, a fart echoed from one of the girls. It was unmistakable now that we were away from the shoppers and stores and it echoed down the hall. I chose not to react or comment, keeping up my false professional image. I got to the door and pulled out my keys. I turned to the three women. Now that I could face them directly, I saw the track athlete was dancing in place, the dark spot on her red briefs now the size of a fist. The soccer player was crossing her legs repeatedly while the volleyball player was hunched over, grabbing her stomach. I asked, “Who’s going first?”

The three girls looked at each other in panic. After a momentary hesitation, the blonde track athlete spoke first. “Please let me go first. I’m already losing control.”

As if to emphasize her point, I saw her crotch glisten with renewed wetness. Unable to soak it up anymore, this spurt trickled down her left leg down to her knee. The other two nodded and she rushed to the door. I fumbled with the keys, intentionally getting a couple wrong as the blonde danced beside me. I swore I heard a soft crackling for a moment… I finally got the door open and the blonde rushed in. As she passed me, I saw clearly that the wet spot now went up her butt about a quarter of the way and there was an unmistakable bulge the size of a golf ball. It grew a little before she turned to slam the door shut. This close to the bathroom, I heard her fumble with her briefs before a hissing sound came through, along with the audible plops as she relieved her bowels as well.

The audible relief was hell for the other two girls. The Black volleyball player was standing perfectly still now, legs tightly crossed. She was taller than me and almost looked statue-esque. I thought for a moment she had found her second wind, but the stillness was actually because she was losing control. I looked down and saw her black spandex shorts glisten as she leaked, her eyes closed either in embarrassment or concentration as she tried to hold back the flood. I saw a single stream slowly make its way down her toned right leg. I was entranced as I saw her leak a little more, the trail growing more defined on her leg. Her right leg was crossed over her left, and as the stream got strong enough to reach her knee, it began to fall on the floor, creating a few drops that I could distinctly hear in the quiet hallway.

However, I was distracted from the volleyball player’s quiet desperation by a loud fart. I had assumed the first one was the track athlete’s, but this one was obviously the Latina soccer player. Her cheeks burned red as I looked over to her, startled. She slowly walked backwards until her back was to the wall and she placed her hands against the wall. I was curious what she was doing until I realized she was subtly moving her hands against her butt, trying to physically hold it in.

She saw me looking, though, and immediately stood up straight and moved her hands away. This proved to be her downfall as I heard a crackling immediately fill the hallway and the distinct smell of a solid mess permeated the hallway. It was clear the Latina woman was totally losing control of her bowels, and it came at the expense of her bladder as well. A couple streams fell out of her shorts on both sides, though the shorts didn’t stain. A puddle the size of tennis ball formed beneath her, though, as she held back the rest of her urine at the expense of her bowels.

I looked back at the volleyball player whose eyes still remained closed. The droplets were now also a puddle the size of a dinner plate, though it was clear she was still holding back more. At this point, the blonde finally opened the bathroom door. There was a clear dark stain on her briefs a third of the way up. She held the door open and both of the other girls rushed to the door, but the Latina soccer player won out, slamming the door shut. Despite her soccer shorts being looser than the other two’s bottoms, I could see a clear bulge, larger than an orange. She had clearly gone entirely in her pants. I glanced at the blonde’s bottom as she passed me and saw it was now free of any evidence she had pooped, but the dark stain of wetness covered a third of her butt.

The volleyball player was right next to me, having raced to the door as well. She banged on the door once before giving up, knowing there was no reason to put up a fight. Now that she was next to me I could see her behind and the tight volleyball shorts clearly showed her butt was tightly clenched. I found it odd but amusing that all three had such synchronized systems.

I backed away from the door, knowing she would jump in the moment the soccer player left. I stood beside the track athlete, who was determined to not talk to me nor look at what seemed to be an inevitable accident for the volleyball player. As I watched the Black athlete’s butt clench and unclench, I inevitably saw a bulge begin to form as she finally lost control. She stood still as the bulge grew, every inch of its growth visible to me due to her tight shorts. As it reached the size of a golf ball, her bladder emptied as well, as a slow trickle grew to a flood.

She parted her legs to prevent it going down into her shoes and I saw her shorts glisten as the puddle grew beneath her. Simultaneously, the bulge grew steadily until it was the size of an orange. Immediately after she was finished with her accident, the door finally opened and the soccer player exited, her shorts showing no stain nor bulge. The volleyball player glared at her before stepping in. After a loud plop and a couple of minutes, the Black athlete stepped out, her shorts still mildly glistening but otherwise missing any evidence of her accident as well. I locked the door. The three girls murmured thanks to me before walking away, none of us acknowledging all three had an accident.

My excitement over, I walked back towards my office and passed the store with the desperate employee. To my surprise, she was at the entrance and stepped out of the store as I passed. I saw she indeed had a wet spot on her loose jeans the size of a fist. She whispered urgently, “Can you let me into a bathroom?”

She had no idea I had just let three women do that. My interest perked up again and I said, “Sorry, you know I can’t.”

“Please. I’ll do anything.”

I cocked my eyebrow. “What exactly can you do for me?”

“I don’t know. Money. Favors. Free clothes.”

“Listen… I’ll just do it. Don’t tell anyone, though.”

“Thank you…”

The employee and I walked to a bathroom. She was familiar with the mall and led us to a different bathroom that was much closer. As we walked, I could smell the familiar stench of poop and I realized once again, she did not just need to pee. Given her loose jeans, I couldn’t tell if she had already begun to lose it, but it certainly smelled like it.

As we walked down the bathroom hallway to the doors at the end, she squealed and buried her hands in her crotch. I saw her crotch glisten momentarily before a rude sound escaped her behind. She began to speedwalk down the hall, muttering to me at a hundred words a minute, “I’m so sorry I have a gluten allergy and I think I ate gluten and it upset my stomach I’m so embarrassed.”

She got to the door behind me and I could hear her bowels act up as she pooped her pants. I could only detect a faint bulging due to the looseness of her jeans, but I saw her wet patch grow to start to cover her butt and thighs. She stepped aside for me to unlock the door and as I fumbled with the keys once again, I saw her wet spot had grown down to halfway to her knees. As I unlocked the door, she burst through. Once again, it was the single occupancy bathroom and she didn’t even bother to close the door, which I still had my hand on. I stood there, in shock, as she undid her jeans and pulled them down. I saw a pair of full cut white panties, now with a large brown bulge behind and soaked, before she lowered that and sat down, urine escaping even before her butt planted down. That’s when she realized I saw everything. I immediately began to apologize and went to shut the door, but she said, “Wait, stop. Umm…”

She grimaced for a second as another load escaped her. “Can you, like, grab another pair of pants for me?”

I asked skeptically, “I already unlocked the bathroom for you and you want me to do you another favor?”

She nodded. “Well, I can pay you back for the clothes. And, uh, help you take care of your problem down there.”

I looked down and realized my hard-on was clearly visible. She giggled. “It’s okay if you liked the show, it’s the only thing making this not the worst moment of my life.”

I was just relieved she didn’t think I was a creep. “Okay. I’ll buy your clothes. Tell me what size.”

Ten minutes later, I had returned to the door with a new set of underwear and jeans. She opened the door and to my surprise she had pulled her panties back up without dumping them out. I stammered, “Uh, do you need more time?”

She shook her head. “I saw the way you looked at me. I assume this is what you wanted to see.”

She pulled me in and locked the door. Then she pulled up her wet jeans and grinded her butt against my hardening penis. “Do you feel it?”

I definitely could feel her accident and I wrapped my hands around her waist. As we grinded, I put my hands down her loose jeans and began to finger her through her wet underwear. This was beyond my wildest fantasies and in just a couple of minutes, I could feel myself cumming in my pants. She could feel it, too, and that put her over the edge as I felt her buck under my fingers, even feeling another squirt against my hand.

I pulled my hand out and she parted from me, turning around to eye me. There was now a clear wet spot on my crotch from both her butt and from me cumming. She smirked. “Well, I think we’re even… Now I can clean up and change. Thanks for being a dear.”

I nodded, wordless, before I made my exit, doing my best to make it back to my station without anyone else seeing. I later saw that employee back at her post, wearing the jeans I bought her without any evidence of what happened, and I realized she never paid me back for buying them. I still thought I got the better end of the deal, though.

