Harrison and Dani

Author: Holdit4me

*000*2021-12-23 01:15

PART ONE - DANI

Dani Holden sipped the last of her iced coffee, the slurrrrp of the straw drawing a look of disapproval from her professor, who was lecturing from behind a podium not more than eight feet away.

Dani stopped fanning her legs together long enough to mouth a silent “sorry” to Professor Manning and was surprised to see the ghost of a smile cross his face and then disappear as the lecture continued without even the hint of an interruption.

The moment the professor returned his attention to his notes, Dani resumed her restless fidgeting. The twenty-one year old university senior had enjoyed holding her pee past the point where most anyone else would long since have found a potty for almost as long as she could remember. Everything about needing to pee appealed to her, particularly the heightened awareness of the most intimate area of her body.

So the fact that she was sitting in the front row of her Creative Writing class, ceaselessly bringing her knees together and then apart and then together again just halfway through the ninety-minute lecture, was in itself nothing unusual.

What WAS unusual was that she’d had an extra large iced tea at lunch and then been so involved in a conversation with her best friend Cindy that she’d forgotten to visit the ladies room before buying her iced coffee and then hurrying off to the lecture hall. It wasn’t the first time she’d made that particular mistake, and Dani knew she would make it to the end of class without an accident, but she also knew the next forty-five minutes would be…intense.

She was both excited and nervous about the prospect.

PART TWO – HARRISON

Harrison Manning could barely keep his mind on his lecture notes. The cute blonde named Dani was once again sitting in the front row of his classroom, once again wearing a short skirt, and once again opening and closing her legs with an enthusiasm he’d rarely ever seen in a grown woman.

It was an enthusiasm that left little doubt as to WHY she might be acting that way. It was more than boredom, more than a way to keep herself awake during a lecture she didn’t care about.

She needed to pee. Harrison was damned near certain of it.

This wasn’t the first time he’d seen an indication from Ms Holden that she should be perched on a potty rather than sitting in his class; in fact, since he first noticed the young woman early in the semester, he’d become more and more convinced she came to class needing to pee almost every single day.

It couldn’t possibly be accidental. Everybody got caught short once in a while, it was part of the human experience. But nobody could possibly be so unlucky as to find themselves in a desperate predicament constantly.

And that was a problem for Harrison, because if there was one thing he found absolutely, irresistibly enchanting, it was a pretty young woman who needed to pee but couldn’t get to a potty. In fact, it was so enchanting, he was glad he had the cover of his podium to keep his enchantment from being obvious to the room full of students. He was hard as blue steel.

He continued the lecture, speaking smoothly, grateful that despite being just a few years older than his students at twenty-five, he’d taught this class long enough that he could do it almost by rote. No one would know his eyes were glued to Dani Holden, watching her as all that iced coffee filtered slowly but surely down into her bladder.

PART THREE – DANI

She loved needing to pee, but this was getting to be more than she’d bargained for.

Fifteen minutes to go.

She’d stopped taking notes, unable to keep her mind on Professor Manning’s words.

Plus, her hand was shaking so badly by now that there was no way she’d be able to decipher her writing anyway.

She crossed her legs tightly, her right foot swinging urgently, wishing she’d worn leggings to class today. It would be impossible to slip a hand where she wanted – needed – to slip it without it being obvious what she was doing in her tiny skirt.

She realized her breathing had become ragged and short, and worked on smoothing it out without taking the sort of deep breaths that would put undue pressure on her poor, struggling bladder.

And she was so horribly thirsty. She knew it was her body reacting to the stress of holding back all the liquid that was so insistent on coming out, but knowing WHY she was thirsty was not the same as not BEING thirsty.

Finally she downed all the ice that had melted since she finished her coffee more than thirty minutes ago. It wasn’t the smartest thing she could do, she knew, but class was about to (finally, mercifully) come to an end and there was a ladies room just down the hallway.

She should know, she’d hurried to that ladies room plenty of times this semester.

At last the bell clanged, signaling the end of class. Dani sighed a shaky breath, steeled herself for the effect gravity was about to take on her already suffering bladder, and pushed herself to her feet.

She loved this and hated it. The all-encompassing need, the single-minded focus on not peeing her panties in front of her peers, the arousal she invariably felt when she needed SO BADLY to go pee, it was heady and intoxicating and awful all at the same time.

But at long last she could finally get to the bathroom and let it out.

She had packed up her supplies well before the end of class, so all she had to do was shrug her backpack onto her shoulders.

Dani turned toward the door and had taken three steps before freezing in place as she heard Professor Manning say, “Excuse me, Ms Holden, may I have a word with you, please?”

