Four Fingers (A Pee Poem)

Author: HissGenerator

*000*2023-10-03 01:11

Four Fingers

Four fingers, is what she thought,

When a spurt of heat bursted below;

Hot fabric molesting, when it sought

To encompass a pulsing flesh, as she grows.

Her olive thighs draw close by shy knees,

What little fat jiggles as pressure surmounts:

Its echoes surround that soggy skin need,

Despite grabbing hard, she twitches more out.

Was really bizarre as her white panties shined,

The urge so intense she’d let go with stress;

As if dancing with doubt: she pissed, then bind,

Then squirt again, each pulse became the best.

Until binding became such unrest,

Her nipples erected as her mind enticed,

Invited the missed press of a particular guest,

And grabbed herself with so much delight.

As the guest took advantage,

Her demanding thoughts bound her firm,

Forcing the other hand as they managed

To squeeze her belly until she burst.

The guest was obnoxious and forcefully loud,

As it squelched through the incessant hissing,

Her gapped mouth moaned with a great shout:

Insides screaming out just as she was pissing.

The shivers electrified across the front thighs,

Rippling upon her hourglass figure;

Her body convulsed up to her mind,

And fried her wiring with just one trigger.

After she came to, she found herself going,

Inner thighs burning just as they were tickled:

A dwindling stream of rivulets yet flowing

Across tingling skin covered wet and prickled.

She sighs and whistles out her huffs,

Her dribbling now coming to a close;

The last few drops drip down her muff,

And violently shivers with one final moan.

