2 boys 1 night

Author: huberp76

*000*2023-07-06 21:57

Two friends, one just some months over 18, the other about one year older.

The younger boy was gay. He was very slim, totally smooth and cute as a girl.

The older boy was slim as well, but he was more athletic, he was a very attractive boy and until now he thought that he was hetero.

They went to the same school, but not in the same class.

They did use the same bus to school and on and off they had lunch together.

The girlieboy liked the older boy, he desired him and he did secretly love him, since a long time.

The older boy did like the petite too, but in an other way.

The younger wanted to spend more time with his sporting dream boy and he searched for a reason and a chance to spend a night with him.

He had the idea to invite him in the weekend house from his parents for one weekend.

He was so nervous as he asked him, his heart was beating like crazy and he was so afraid that he could say, no.

He told him that they would have all the house for their own, because his parents would stay in the city. He told him that they could use their pool, he could not stop to talk and to animate his “love” to come with him.

The older boy said just “that sounds very good, i would like to come with you.”

The younger boy was in heaven, he was so happy he could nearly not resist to kiss him.

He could not wait until they finally went by car, just about 45 minutes to the house.

He did show his new friend, first the garden with the pool and then the house.

“Where can i sleep?” asked the older.

”Oh sorry, i did not tell you that we have no guests room, you have to sleep with me in my room. Will that be a problem for you?” he asked a little embarrassed.

”Oh no, that is not a problem, your bed will be big enough for both of us. We have just to snuggle together a little bit.” answered the boy and smiled.

To imagine to snuggle in the bed with his dream boy, made him nearly cum in his shorts.

They did bring their things from the car in the house, they had a drink and stripped their clothes for to go swimming.

The first time they saw each other naked.

They had both a perfect slim, young body but in an other way.

The young boy was petite, but very well good shaped. He was totally smooth and cute like usual girls are.

The older boy was a little taller, he was also very slim, but more muscular and very good shaped, he was real a handsome, sporty boy.

They but their swimming trunks on and went in the garden to the pool.

They did both wear very small briefs which masked just their penis, their pubic hair and their small boy asses.

The younger boy was so aroused that he had a problem to hide his boner in his little briefs.

“ Should we pull our trunks out for swimming to keep them dry for lying in the sun after swimming?”asked the older boy.

It was common for him to see boys naked, because he play in a soccer team and in the shower after the game are all boys naked.

The younger boy did not know what to say, but he did not need to say something, the bigger boy had already stripped his trunks.

They fooled around in the water, wrestled for fun at the meadow, they did drink and eat und spent a great day together.

At the evening they made a little dinner for them.

It was so turning on and arousing for the “smoothy” to stand so near beside his dream boy in the kitchen, nearly naked just with little trunks on their slim bodies.

He could not wait until they went to bed and till he could lie with him in his bed.

After they watched a video, they changed their swimming trunks to their undies and went to sleep.

It was so much erotic for him when their bare legs touched, when he could feel his bare thighs at his own bare thighs.

He was absolutely in heaven, to feel the bare skin of the boys body at his body and at his smooth skin.

From all the hurry to get his friend in his bed, he forgot to go to the toilet.

He did not really like to get up, but he had to, his bladder was too full for waiting until at the morning.

He did not know that his new friend had a special habit, a special fetish and a special lust for full bladders.

He did like to overfill his own bladder and he did love it if someone else hold or have to hold a bursting full bladder.

As the young boy wanted out of the bed asked his new friend “where are you going?”

”To the toilet.” answered the younger.

”Can’t you wait until tomorrow morning?” asked the older.

”I don’t know, it would be already really urgently.” he answered a little shy with a silent voice.

“I would need to pee as well really urgently, but i don’t go, a full bladder can feel sometimes very good and pee holding can make very horny.” he said.

”Com on, stay in the bed and hold it with me.” said the older boy and lay his thigh over the younger boy’s belly.

He simply could not say no, he was to much afraid that his new dream boy friend, could get disappointed from him.

He did stay in the bed, he did not get out, he did suffer a little bit from needing to pee, but he enjoyed to feel his friends body against his body.

The older boy did like that too, it was absolutely new for him to get aroused from a boy, but he did like that feeling and it was turning him on very much to feel this petite, smooth boy body against his own slim body.

After some hours sleep, the young boy whispered to his friend “i need to pee so bad.”

“Me too, but we don’t go! We are big boys, we can hold it!”said the sporty boy and laid his arm over his friends torso.

What will happen with them at the morning?

*003*2023-07-08 08:14

{{On 7/7/2023 at 4:35 AM, eucoloco said:

Luv It

}}

Thank you.

I am glad that you like it.

*005*2023-07-08 22:17

They waked up in the morning. The smoothie was lying like a egg, his back was curved and his knees up to his chin.

Instinctive he wanted to give his bladder more room in his slim abdomen and he wanted prevent that his belly skin would put extra pressure from outside at his so much overfilled bladder.

The bigger boy had his arm over the cuties naked body and did hold him tight, like only lovers do that usually.

„I need to pee so bad, can we please go now?“ asked the younger boy.

“No we can not, we can hold it and stop to whine like a little girl, we are big, strong boys, or not? are you a you a girl? Oh yes you are a girl, you are you „my“ girl.“ he answered and pressed his body tight against the smooth petite body of his friend.

He was really turned on about that and kissed his new „girlfriend „with wet lips on the smooth skin of his cheeks.

The girlie boy turned around slowly and kissed his dream boy on his mouth and pushed his tongue deep inside him.

“That is it from what i am dreaming since so long!“ he said kissed him again and moved his body until he was lying on top of his friend. He kissed him and licked him so tender as just girls do that usually in that way.

The tall boy was very horny from that for him so absolutely new situation, he turned the petite boy and was lying now on top of him.

He did like his new friend, he was nearly in love with him, but he still had his fetish, he did love pee holding and full bladders.

Their penises were bone hard between their bellies and pressed hard on their already bulging bladders.

The older boy was needing to piss already very bad, but he did like that and he wanted to make his friend suffer, he wanted to torture his bladder and he wanted to make his friends urge and his need as strong as possible.

“I need to pee soooooo bad, I’ll piss my self if you push my bladder so hard.“ said smooth boy.

The sporty boy could not resist to press and rub their boner hard between their swollen bellies, he did it as long as they did both cum in their undies.

Then they did get out of the bed, pulled their undies full with cum out and went to the shower.

The clear water turned yellow between their slim bodies and was running down on their legs. The boys pissed unbelievable long until their so much overfilled bladders were totally empty.

They spent a great day together!

Before they did leave said the older boy „we should do that again, we should spend a whole weekend here together.“

“Oh yes!! We should do that very soon!“ answered the girlie boy and kissed his friend fervent.

Late in the evening, in the car on the way home, asked the tall boy „ did you ever get fucked?“

“No never, but i would love it so much if you would be my first lover !“ was his answer.

“I think that i would love it very much to fuck you, you would be my first boy, you will be „my girl“ next time, but you should hold your pee for me as long as you can. Would you do that for me?“ asked the boy.

“I will do all what you want for you, you can do what ever you want to do with me, i am yours! I love you since the first time i saw you.“ said the tall boys new girlfriend.

“I think that i love you too!“ answered the boy.

