No toilet for a young waitress!

Author: huberp76

*000*2022-01-26 08:16

A young student girl worked as waitress at a coffee shop. She was pretty and young and did earn a good money with this job, because the guests did like her.

One of her classmates and 3 of his friends wanted to take a drink at her shop before they wanted to go to the cinema.

The girl was pleased to see the boys, especially her classmate.

”She is really hot.”said one of the boys. “That is what i told you.”replied her classmate.

”She is hot and cute in the same way and she needs to pee.” said another of the boys.

”How will you know that she is needing to wee?” wanted her classmate know.

”I have a good eye for girls who needs to pee. I can see that on their moves and look at her, if she has a chance to stand somewhere she cross her legs.” answered the boy.

As they ordered a second drink, the girls mate said to her “sorry that i ask you something so personal, but my friend think that you are needing to wee, do you?”

”Oh yes, he is right, i have to pee really, really bad.” she answered.

”And why don’t you go?”wanted the mate know.

She told him that the toilet is out of order for today, because the water pipeline to the toilet is broken.

She said that she never use the loo at the university and that she always go as soon as she arrive here before she begins her shift.Today she could not go, she did not wee since early morning at home.

To hear that, made our expert for desperate girls hard at the moment and the other boys were excited too.

As the girl served the drinks one of the boys asked her how long she has yet to work and she answered “a little more than 3 hours.”

”How can you do that? Can you endure that for so long?” he wanted to know.

”I don’t know how, but i know that have to. I am to old to wet my panties.”she said and smiled.

”She is hot, sexy, cute and she is absolutely great! Did you see how her bladder is bulging out? I am sure that she must need to pee really bad.” said our expert boy.

They decided not to go to the cinema, they wanted to stay 3 more hours at the coffee shop. They change a action thriller for a erotic movie. No action thriller could be better, than a 3 hour live potty dance from this young, pretty girl!!!

They ordered another drink and the girl said “ I am needing to go to the loo so bad, i think that i am not to old for to wet my panties, i am nearly doing it.

I would not need water in the toilet, i am holding so much that i could fill the flush cistern with my wee.”

The boys loved this kind of talk.They loved to know that she did not wee for so long, that she is needing to go so bad and that she had to hold it for hours more.

It was exciting and arousing for them to see the girl crossing her legs and rubbing her knees .

One of the boys was a little pity for her and asked “ doesn’t it hurt you holding it back for so long, can’t you use the toilet just for a quick wee?”

”I would have done that hours before, but the toilet is closed. I have no chance to go i have to hold it no matter how painful it is !” she answered.

As the girl went away, the specialist said “she can’t take a quick wee, she is so full that she will piss over one minute, if she can go finally anywhere. I would love to watch her!”

”Can she endure that? She has to work for nearly 2 hours more? That is inhuman and must be unbearable for her.” said the boy who had pity.

”She can! Big girls can stand a lot and big girls don’t piss their panties wet!” answered the expert.

But her belly is so swollen and her bladder is so full and 2 hours is a long time!!!???

*002*2022-01-31 13:39

I would love to offer her to wait until her shift would be over, to bring her home with my car. This way she would be earlier at home and would not have to use the bus, with so many people and needing to wee so bad.

No chance for a wee before for her, the toilet is still out of order.

To have her sit beside me in my car and to be in a traffic jam for one or more hours, would be absolutely exciting and arousing for me!!!

*003*2022-02-04 10:10

{{On 1/26/2022 at 9:21 AM, Bluesman59 said:

A great story!! Will there be any more of this?

}}

I am glad that you like it. I’ll do my best.

