What a Wife Must Do

Author: holditin

*000*2021-12-04 21:58

We walked a couple blocks, and I saw both women clenching their fists at certain times as their bladders gave a particularly hard squeeze, asking for relief and emptiness. Obviously neither conceded to their bladders’ requests. Could I hear the breath of both women hissing through their teeth as they fought off waves of bladder urgency? Yes, I could, but the fact that these were the only signs of piss need that either woman was displaying at this stage of the contest was nothing short of fascinating. Even more fascinating considering that I could now plainly see the swollen bulges of their bladders coming through the saris, and yet both women continued to walk and contain what had to be unfathomable pressure within.

Eventually we returned to the house, with Raisha walking with precise steps right back to the sofa, where she sat down just a little too quickly to come off as calm. I could tell she was trying to regain the position and the control that she’d had prior to the walk, but I wasn’t sure how well it would work, now that even more beer had entered into her precariously bloating bladder. Karthi, however, did not sit. Her bladder had now become so full that it was not possible to keep up an air of calm as Raisha was maintaining. Karthi began pacing in a circle around the living room. It took Raisha a few moments, as she was fighting her own battle for control, but when she realized that Karthi was not sitting, and was actually showing a sign of desperation, her eyes grew wide and she piped up, “Hah! Look at your wifey now! She’s actually struggling around the room just to keep her pee in! She can’t sit and hold it like a real woman.”

Karthi was properly enraged by this comment and replied, “I know you have just as much inside you! Just wait…..I may be doing this to stay in control, but I WILL stay in control and I WILL hold it. As long as it takes.” Raisha nodded, but the smile slowly melted off her face, and her answer came with cold, emotionless determination, “I agree. As long as it takes.” I had honestly been expecting a fairly straightforward climax to the contest at this point, as surely the crazy amount of drinks both women had consumed would be pushing their bladders into territory that even they couldn’t hold through.

The bladder bulges I had witnessed during our walk had appeared nothing short of painful, and I knew that with each passing minute, those bulges were getting imperceptibly larger. The pressure growing imperceptibly stronger. And their muscles growing imperceptibly weaker. These women were amazing, they were in possession of the biggest bladders and the strongest willpower that I’d ever seen, but they were still human. They still had limits. And eventually they had to crack.

These were the thoughts going through my mind. And yet, both women seemed completely hellbent on proving me wrong in these assertions. 7 pm became 8, and 8 became 9, and still the women held on in much the same manner. Raisha’s posture on the sofa had become even stiffer. She was now almost more statue than woman. And Karthi had been alternating her pacing with some sitting, though her legs would jiggle whenever she was seated. My wife also had a downright cross expression on her face from time to time, which I recognized as the expression she wore when her bladder was painfully full.

Again, I was certain that the game was coming to its end, and Raisha had begun staring with increased frequency at Karthi’s moving legs, as if willing them to stop fighting and separate and let the piss pour forth from between them. Both women were sporting bladder bulges that were beyond incredible, but what I couldn’t believe was that against all odds, Raisha was still sitting. Her posture was tense enough to crack an egg, and she certainly appeared stressed, but that was it. 9 hours after this contest began, with more drinks than any one woman could hope to contain, and Raisha still hadn’t so much as crossed her legs.

What would it take to make her bladder crack? Or at this point, just what would it take to even make her composure crack? I saw that my wife was struggling, and I’d be lying if I didn’t start wondering if she really had what it took to defeat such a titan of bladder control in Raisha. It wasn’t Karthi’s fault. She had a huge bladder in her own right. And she had willpower on top of willpower. But Raisha was perfect for this task. It was like her body had been genetically gifted from the gods to be the ultimate holding machine. Her hips were so wide and yet her belly so (normally) flat, her proportions such that it gave her bladder maximum room to expand and contain its volume. And if she was constructed to be so perfect on the outside, it stood to reason that on the inside were holding muscles at the base of her bladder that were equally perfect.

Completely impenetrable. Able to squeeze for eternity without ever faltering, no matter the pressure that they were bearing. Surely there weren’t two other women in the country who could have held this volume for this length of time, but as I watched Karthi get up and begin to pace anew, I was slowly coming to terms with the fact that Raisha was a holding goddess, and my wife just couldn’t match up.

As soon as this thought entered my mind fully, I knew I had to act. It was now nearly 10 pm, as time had passed while I sat and watched the two champions of piss holding battle it out, almost in a daze. And so I rose, went to our bedroom briefly, and returned with a small bottle clutched in my right hand. “Ladies,” I said, grabbing their attention. Karthi’s head snapped around to face me, and I could see fear in her eyes. “Please….I…..I don’t think I can drink anything else right now…” she started hastily, while Raisha’s eyes began shining with this admission. She was so close to the victory now! But I raised a hand to stop my wife’s pleas, and then laid out my next command, “It seems we’ve reached an impasse. You’re both equipped with such large and powerful bladders, and I never imagined the contest would take this long to decide.

But I must admit that you have tired me out. I need to retire to bed for the night, but I also can’t fathom missing the ending of such a hard fought contest. Thankfully I have a solution.” I raised my right hand. Some months prior, I had dealt with a nasty bout of insomnia, for which my doctor had generously prescribed me with high strength sleeping pills. I had taken most of them before the situation resolved itself, but a few remained in the pill bottle in my hand. “I think we could all use a good night of rest. And I know that even if you two bladder queens don’t want to show it, you’ve both got to be expending a lot of effort to keep control of yourselves, and I doubt you’d be able to sleep a wink in this state.

So if you’ll each agree to take a sleeping pill, they should knock you out regardless, and we can all get a quality night of sleep and continue this contest in the morning. Raisha, you’re welcome to sleep in our guest room.” Neither woman replied for a few seconds. Then Raisha cocked her head at me, as if my words were just now making their way to her, “You mean…….you want us to go to sleep…….WITHOUT pissing? You want us to keep holding our bladders at this level of fullness until TOMORROW??” I feigned surprise at the question. “Well, yes. This is a holding contest, after all! I assumed that you’re both strong enough that this wouldn’t be an issue. Is it?” I could tell my question was like nails on a chalkboard to Raisha. She couldn’t admit any weakness now, not with Karthi standing only feet to her left. But my plan was obviously messing with her psyche.

She had to have been sure that Karthi would last no more than a couple hours longer, and then she’d be free to piss out all that overload of pee that she’d kept in so perfectly for the entire afternoon. But no, now Raisha was having to grapple with the concept of continuing to hold her full bladder for hours upon hours longer. It took maybe 15 seconds of silence, but then her inner pride won out and I could see Raisha make a conscious decision to settle in for the long haul, and she flicked her hair in an attempt to look graceful and replied, “No, it’s not an issue. I told you, I can hold my urine inside my bladder as long as I want. It does not matter how much urine I’m already holding or how long I have to wait. You will find that my bladder is very…..VERY patient.”

It was almost scary witnessing the internal switch flip for Raisha, seeing just how many levels of resolute, unmoving willpower she contained. Next I turned to Karthi, who looked decidedly unsure about this course of action, but then she bent her knees slightly as another wave of bladder urgency came over her, glared at Raisha’s perfect posture, and nodded her assent to my plan. I procured one sleeping pill for each woman, more than enough to give them a good night of sleep, no matter how much pain their bladders were in, and both women regarded each other grimly, internally blaming the other for the pain that currently resided in their abdomens, before Raisha entered our guest room and Karthi and I entered our bedroom.

“You can’t win.” Raisha said flatly before closing her door. Not much was said between Karthi and I once we were alone. I knew she had to reserve her focus for the contest, and in any case, what was there to say? Raisha had a bladder of steel. We both knew it. Could Karthi really hold on long enough to win? Could she really force her own bladder to contain more urine than Raisha’s gargantuan tank? New thoughts began to enter my mind. Perhaps Raisha’s bladder was not divinely blessed. Perhaps she’d made a deal with the devil – a perfect iron bladder in exchange for her soul. She was simply too strong. Any holding contest against her was unwinnable. And as these thoughts began to grow in volume and swirl around my head, my wife must have noticed the distress on my face, because she pulled me in, hugging me despite the additional strain this put on her aching bladder, and told me firmly, “I love you, and I am going to win.

I don’t care what happens or what it takes, but I promise you….I will not pee before Raisha. Please trust me.” I gazed into my wife’s eyes, as full of love for her as I ever had been, and decided that I would. We drifted off to sleep together, just as Raisha did in the guest room, and in my dreams I saw dual figures hovering above Raisha’s sleeping form – it was an angel and a demon, both marveling the handiwork that their leaders had bestowed upon Raisha to give her that perfect, unfailing bladder. The dream seemed to last for hours, with both of them watching as Raisha’s bladder continued to fill, but never in the whole dream did a single drop of urine escape her. For whether it was given to her from heaven or from hell, her bladder was entirely flawless.

I awoke the next morning, my forehead damp with sweat from the intensity of my dream. I needed to clear my mind, so I rose from the bed to go and brew a pot of coffee. It was early, and Karthi still slept soundly on her side of the bed, the sleeping pill having done its job. As I exited our bedroom and passed the guest room, I heard no movement on the other side of the door, a sign that Raisha was still getting a much needed rest as well. The dream was already foggy by the time I reached the kitchen, and as I drank down my morning cup of coffee, it left me entirely. It was 8 am when both women stirred. They entered the kitchen one after the other with slow steps. I could tell they were trying to mask the fullness of their bladders by playing off their walking pace as a result of still being tired, but I knew it was a direct consequence of the near-exploding bladders inside them. I swore I could almost hear their bladders creaking from the fullness.

The beer had done its job over the night, filling both women up even further, and as I stared at both women’s bladder bulges in their saris, again I began to think that surely there had to be some limit to all of this. Their bladders looked fit to burst if they had to hold anymore. Last night they could have been called swollen. Hell, a few hours into the contest they could have been called swollen. This was something else entirely. The women’s bladders protruded out in front of them in grotesque fashion. I was certain that underneath the saris, veins would have been visible on the abdomens of both women, their skin having been stretched so thin as they forced their bladders to handle more piss than should have been possible.

Against all odds, Raisha’s walk was still normal other than her slow footfalls, and she sat at the kitchen table with practiced posture. Within her, there had to be a storm brewing, her composure hanging by a thread, but impossibly it was still there. What would it TAKE to break her?? My Karthi, on the other hand, was having a much harder time handling the pressure. Her legs were crossing every few steps, and her hand was brushing by her crotch at times, getting dangerously close to actually holding herself.

When she sat opposite Raisha, Karthi instantly crossed her legs, shifting from side to side a few times as well before settling in. But her legs stayed crossed. I was ready for the two women, having brewed a full pot of coffee, other than the one cup I took from it. “Good morning ladies! 20 hours and still going strong, I see! Coffee?” Raisha’s right eye visibly twitched at the question, but her gaze was almost manic with its determination as she nodded. “It doesn’t matter what you try to do. My bladder control is impenetrable. Your wife will lose eventually, and we will have our date.” she said evenly, trying and mostly succeeding to control a grimace that was forming at the corners of her lips. I acknowledged her response, then turned to my wife.

Karthi let out a brief moan of pain, her bladder fuller than I had ever seen it before, but she also nodded. Not content to take things easy on the girls, even at the start of the day, I decided to act as if their bladders truly were unbreakable, and to that end I got out 4 mugs and poured them each 2 large cups of coffee. The women drank, also having a light amount of toast and fruit as a breakfast, and when Raisha put her last cup down, I saw a tremor in her hand, and her eye twitched once more, though otherwise her body was unmoving. Karthi groaned again and crossed her legs more tightly upon finishing her own second mug of coffee. My wife’s resolve was absolute, but she had to be nearing the physical limits of her bladder. The fight she was putting up to stay in control of herself was tremendous. But I didn’t know how much longer she could persevere in the face of Raisha’s stoic determination.

We moved again to the living room. Raisha assumed her now-normal place on the sofa. She was sitting upright, her back as straight as a board, surely a result of the immense tension that she was being forced to handle. Her legs remained uncrossed. I thought I saw the heels of her feet come off the ground for a moment, one at a time, every so often, but this was such a controlled version of the normal desperate leg jiggling I was accustomed to seeing from desperate women that it was impressive for its sheer simplicity.

Any other woman, Karthi included, would have their legs moving up and down at a decent pace if trying to stay in control of this mammoth load of pee while sitting. For Raisha, that nearly imperceptible movement in her feet was all she allowed herself. Discomfort was strewn across my coworker’s sweating face, her expression as sour as I’d ever seen it. But she remained, somehow, in control, like a ticking timebomb, but she would not blow. Raisha’s level of composure in the face of this torturous pressure was absurd. I could scarcely call it fair to call the signs she’d shown as cracks in her armor. It was more like a boiling kettle letting off steam. Her whole body was completely pressurized, but the only way any of that pressure ever released to the surface was in the form of an eye twitch here, a raise of the heel there.

Minute, innocuous gestures. Part of me wondered just what it would TAKE for her to hold her crotch. It didn’t seem possible that she’d ever let her control break down to that level. By direct contrast, Karthi was a mess. Within minutes of entering the living room, the coffee must have started to reach her bladder, and any slivers of room that remained in her engorged urinary sack were now completely filled up. My wife’s bladder had unleashed a renewed onslaught on her defenses. It did not care about winning the contest. It cared only about relief. Karthi was forced to fight harder as her bladder squeezed and exerted even more pressure, her muscles now having to work twice as hard to keep the flood at bay. She was pacing the room, but this time there was a definite urgency to the pacing that was not there the night before. Last night, she was pacing due to discomfort. Today, 12 hours later, she was pacing because she was getting to the verge of pissing herself.

As a big wave overtook her, Karthi’s hands came down to her thighs and she gripped the sari against her thighs hard. Her knees bent inwards, and while she did not hold herself, not yet, the desperation was evident in her body language and there was concern etched on her face. Her bladder had done so well, it had cooperated more than it ever had, but now it was beginning to finally rebel. For over 20 hours it had held firm, but now the damned drinks were finally becoming too much.

I could tell that now she would only last for as long as she could keep squeezing her holding muscles at full power. If her control over her aching, tired bladder sphincter wavered even for a moment, it could spell disaster and the end of the contest. In the face of Raisha’s continued control, I knew that I would quit if it was me on the other end of this contest. But Karthi was dug in, and I realized that now more than ever, she was prepared to scratch, claw, and fight to the bitter end, one way or another.

Being with the two women as the morning dragged on, it was evident that Raisha was watching Karthi’s desperation with a look that was so unnatural it was almost inhuman. It was the epitome of a famished lioness stalking its wounded prey. Salvation, and relief, was so close. Her foe was at the end of her rope. The morning coffee had decimated Karthi’s defenses, while Raisha’s iron bladder bore the load even now. But minutes kept passing, and Karthi would not let herself leak. In the face of this continued resistance, Raisha’s expression had changed into one of contempt for her opponent.

I thought I could detect a faint shaking coming from Raisha’s whole body, as her pristine figure struggled to keep suppressing the raging tides within. At 9 am there was a definite break in composure. However, it came not from Raisha, but from my wife. As the largest urge yet struck her, Karthi shoved one hand directly to her crotch in order to stay dry. With a groan, she still resisted peeing, but when the wave passed, Karthi’s hand did not return to her side, but rather stayed on her upper thigh.

It appeared she needed the additional support, and needed to keep that hand within inches of her crotch should she need a repeat performance. For Raisha, this display of insolence from Karthi, refusing to concede an obviously lost contest, was almost more than her ego could bear, and upon seeing that Karthi was not quitting, my shapely coworker said irritably, “For God’s sake, woman.Isn’t it obvious that you can’t compare to me? Just piss yourself already!” Karthi gasped as another wave of bladder pain came over her, but then fired back with a cry of “Never! You can’t break me!” Raisha was almost seething with anger, and in a flash, she stood straight up from her spot on the couch and took a few steps towards Karthi, who was now stepping from foot to foot to fight her bladder.

For a couple seconds I thought Raisha was going to initiate a real conflict and was about to step in, but then the taller woman stopped mere feet from Karthi and gestured to herself, “Look at me! And look at you! Do you see my figure? Do you see my bladder? Look at how large it has become! You can’t possibly outhold me! Give up!” Indeed, even if it didn’t work on Karthi, Raisha’s intimidation tactic worked completely on me. Her titanic bulging bladder was so enormous in front of her, so large it was obscene. It was almost as though she was flashing us, though her tight sari kept the bladder fully covered, but that was how uncompromisingly sexual the bulge appeared to me. Karthi’s engorged organ was no less impressive in size and scope, but the disparity of their composure was as plain to see as ever as the two women stood face to face.

Raisha was pained and sweaty, her body almost vibrating, but STILL her control stayed firm as she stood upright, hands on her hips in frustration. Karthi’s eyes showed defiance, but her body was giving up on her. Her sphincter was overloaded with pressure, and her stepping from foot to foot had nearly become a hop as she tried to stay in place to look Raisha in the eyes instead of continuing her pacing. It took my wife a few seconds to compose herself enough to reply to Raisha’s command to surrender, but with a glint in her eye, Karthi spat back, “I’m fine. Let’s see how strong you are.” With Raisha’s face now going red with anger, Karthi turned to me and asked with sarcastic politeness, “Do you think we could have some more to drink? I’m thirsty.”

I never would have believed the question that came from Karthi’s lips, but there is was. I also never would have believed Raisha’s reaction to the question, as I watched her whole body visibly flinch at the idea of filling herself further. I almost thought she would be the one to halt me, but instead Raisha simply returned to her seat on the sofa, muttering curses and insults under her breath. But as I walked past her and into the kitchen, I heard a phrase jump out at me in amongst the tapestry of swearing – “You can hold it.”

I entered the kitchen, but it took me a few seconds to focus, because I was busy comprehending the fact that Raisha was now having to give herself a verbal pep talk to maintain her composure. I thought carefully about my next move, and then, reaching into the fridge, I decided on my next weapon. I placed the next drink of choice down on the coffee table between both women – two more 1.25 liter cartons of black currant juice, one for each of them. Karthi, having been the one to suggest this additional liquid, made no hesitation in grabbing her carton and beginning to drink, even though this required putting her free hand on her crotch and twisting her legs to settle the vast ocean of piss that was banging at her gates. Raisha did not grab her carton.

She sat, still as stone. I saw her glowering at the carton that was set before her. She was staring at it with nothing short of loathing. Could I detect just a fraction of fear mixed into that gaze, from what this liquid would surely do to her already corpulent bladder? I wasn’t sure, but still Raisha sat, making no move to pick up the carton, even as Karthi finally removed her own carton from her lips, now 1/3 drank. Raisha’s lips were moving, as if she was talking to herself, but there was only silence between them. I couldn’t tell if she was just that deep into her focus, going into the place in the depths of her mind and body that a true bladder queen must have access to in order to reach their full potential, or if she was simply going mad from the unrelenting strain on her bladder. A bead of sweat flowed down her face, from her temple down the outer edge of her cheek, before dipping to her neck and then onto her sari.

Looking down, I saw her fists were balled up, knuckles completely white. The redness that had entered her face during her standoff with Karthi had not left, and if anything had grown and deepened in color. Raisha was like an overinflated tire about to burst, and her body began to shake once more. I could almost see the insides of her body calling out “Red alert! Red alert! The pressure is too much! She’s gonna blow!” No woman could stay this composed in the face of this many drinks, not even Raisha. Her hand began reaching for the carton, but she had only just raised it when her right eye twitched again, and then down her hand went. I waited a further minute, but even as Karthi put her own carton to her lips to continue drinking, Raisha kept her ample bottom firmly planted in her seat, her gaze set in an unbreakable staring contest with the carton of black currant juice.

“Raisha?” I asked, almost (almost) genuinely concerned about her, and that broke her gaze. She blinked, then turned her head to look at me, then back to the 1.25 liter carton of juice. As soon as the juice was back in her line of sight, her whole body flinched again. Her legs remained next to each other, uncrossed, but Raisha seemed to be tensing every muscle in her body to its maximum. Then, with a growl unlike anything I’d ever heard from a woman before, Raisha hastily swiped up the carton and put it to her lips, chugging furiously. Only after some seconds did she put it down to breathe, but her irate gazing upon the carton did not cease, and it was no more than a minute before she picked the carton back up again to continue drinking.

Karthi was even watching her now with something between reverence and fascination, her free hand permanently glued to her vagina. But Raisha was a woman possessed, guzzling down the black currant juice with reckless abandon, and despite her late start, both women emptied their cartons at precisely the same time. There was no confident quip from my well-proportioned coworker now. She continued staring at the carton of juice, and her face now had a mix of horror on it. Karthi resumed her frantic pee dancing, as I willed her not to break.

As the minutes passed, the juice was undoubtedly wreaking havoc on both women’s bladders. Raisha was almost quaking in her seat, her body finally rejecting the load it was containing. She was curling inward very slowly, as if the weight of her bladder was pulling and affecting a gravitational force on the rest of her body to circle around it.

Karthi was leaning with her back on the wall of the far side of the room, hand clamped firmly on her vagina over her sari. My wife groaned, the loudest one she’d let out yet, but kept in control. Then I began to hear a high pitched whine. For a second, I thought I’d left the kettle on, though I had never set it to begin with. Then my ears adjusted and I realized that the sound was coming from the bladder queen Raisha. Her face was beet red as if she was a champion weightlifter in the midst of a record setting lift, and perhaps that wasn’t too far off. Her eye twitched once more, then twitched again.

Her hands, which had previously been balled into fists at her side, were now clutching at the fabric of her sari on her thighs. The toll it was taking on Raisha’s perfect form to suppress this level of piss need was insane. It could not last, even for someone as physically gifted as her. Her whole body seemed ready to detonate. “Raisha,” I asked hesitantly, “Are you alright?” The proud woman jerked her head in my direction, and if I’d thought she’d been looking at Karthi with contempt earlier, it was nothing compared to the daggers that were coming from her eyes now. “You……..You knew what you were doing,” Raisha began, each word dripping with scowling disgust, “After all this…...coming back with more of that DAMNED black currant juice. Within an hour of drinking it yesterday, it had sent my body into overdrive.

Already, my bladder felt full, and I had to clench hard to hold it in. But I did, because I am a real woman, and I can hold it. But it has been so long…..SO LONG that I have had to keep myself shut. You don’t know the power it’s taken! And now to force me to drink more of that evil, vile liquid?!?? There is not a woman on earth whose bladder could withstand it! It is torture! My muscles!” Raisha threw back her head, and for the first time since the contest began over 21 hours before, she wailed in bladder agony. “Ohhhhhhhhh!” the wail continued as Raisha’s sturdy thighs FINALLY crossed one over the other. Her composure had cracked at last. I could see adrenaline flowing through Karthi at the sight, even as she continued to step from foot to foot.

The onslaught of pressure on Raisha’s sphincter had to be overwhelming, but still no piss spurted forth from between her legs. Finally Raisha ran out of breath, and when her head came back down, it was now positively drenched in sweat. Her eyes seemed simultaneously dark and gleaming, and this time when she looked at me I instinctively flinched away, for those eyes now held definite tinges of madness within. “You see?? You see what you’ve forced me to become?? What you’ve forced me to endure??” She turned to Karthi and raged on, “You will not win! I will not quit! My bladder can hold oceans! There is no limit! You cannot break me!” With another surge of adrenaline, Karthi managed to calm her pee dancing to a mere quiver, and answered back, “You cannot break me either! Endure as long as you want. Everyone needs to pee eventually…...even you, Raisha.”

Now that the heavily fortified dam of Raisha’s composure had been breached, the full-figured woman’s legs remained tightly crossed, and her hands were dangerously close to being thrust between them. I had no doubt that her shapely thighs were pressed together with enough force to crush diamonds. But as the adrenaline burst wore off of Karthi, I could also see just what dire straits my wife was in. Her bladder was at war with her determination to outlast the perfect Raisha. Karthi’s sari was damp with sweat from her desperate dancing and clenching efforts. Not ten minutes after Raisha’s outburst, Karthi doubled over for some seconds due to a new wave of increased bladder agony, the black currant juice having a similar effect on her as it was on Raisha.

The willpower of the two women was unreal. By 10 am, it seemed that the entirety of both cartons of black currant juice had been deposited into the warring women’s bladders. Somehow their size even dwarfed their sizes from when each woman entered the kitchen that morning. “Painful” was too benign a term to describe what it surely felt like, to have their awesome holding tanks stretched to such awful proportions. I was sure the skin underneath their saris was red and angry. Karthi was huffing and puffing as she continued to frantically dance around the room. Raisha looked positively fit to burst, and was now groaning in pain at ever-increasing intervals.

Similar to how she had stared upon the carton of black currant juice, she was now regarding her hands with something resembling terror. They were still clenched on her thighs, but appeared to be perilously creeping towards her vagina. It was as if Raisha’s mind couldn’t comprehend the fact that she might actually need to resort to holding herself to stay in control of her mammoth bladder.

Then a prolonged groan was uttered, and it came not from Raisha, but from Karthi. My wife had sunk to her knees, both hands clutching desperately at her crotch to hold back the impending flood that was threatening to spurt out of her. Raisha’s eyes gleamed like fire, “Yes! I told you that you’d have to eat those words! You can’t hold more than me, Karthi! Let it out!” Karthi was whimpering in agony, doubling and redoubling her efforts to keep her exhausted bladder shut. She was seconds from disaster. Another groan was forced past her quivering lips. Sweat and hair matted her face, and with panic on her face Karthi fought the overwhelming urge.

“That’s right! Piss! Piss!” Raisha cackled, venom tinging every word. The seconds passed, and soon turned into minutes, and still Karthi fought, on her knees, surely in her final spiral of defeat, but holding on with everything in her power. Raisha’s glee at the thought of victory had turned once again to bitterness, as she watched my wife continue to hold in her enormous load of pent up piss, which had to be right at the edge of her urethra but still would not burst forth.

“Dammit, just quit! Have a piss! You need it! You need it! You-” Raisha yelled desperately at her, but Karthi’s position remained unchanged, and then a howl left Raisha’s lips as the largest wave of bladder shaking urgency yet wracked her body, and after another anguished moment of indecision, she finally plunged her hands into the crevice between her legs and unabashedly held her vagina with both hands to stem her own oncoming tides. “I refuse to piss!!! You can’t get me to piss!!!” Raisha wailed in misery, grinding against her hands, as if giving her fingers some sort of agonized lap dance.

It was a sight to behold, both women in the throes of complete and utter bladder torment, but still too prideful and competitive to give. Their bladders had to be nearly bursting inside them, begging and pleading with their owners to end this madness and release their rivers of dark, frothing yellow piss. Neither heeded these calls of nature, still resolute to the end that they could outhold the other. As the minutes passed, it became evident that once again the ladies had reached a stalemate, though this time it was a stalemate on the absolute edge of disaster.

They were both on the verge of experiencing total bladder failures in their saris, but that did not stop them from putting every fiber of their being into the continued resistance from pissing. I couldn’t believe they still had reserves of muscle strength to draw on, such was the effort they were both pouring in to keep themselves clamped down with every additional second of holding. I looked at my wife, whose face was nearly purple from the strain of continuing to fight against her body’s needs. Her engorged bladder had to be sending waves of tremendous pain coursing through her constantly, but her will was unshakable.

After nearly 15 minutes of maintaining her position on her knees on the floor, with both hands shoved deep into her crotch, Karthi gave a defiant yell and stood back up. The reprieve was short-lived, as she was letting out mewls of intense discomfort every few seconds while taking the smallest of steps, her legs needing to cross and re-cross multiple times, but her piss stayed in. Raisha’s entire form was quivering as she sat on the couch, her hands also violently pressing in to her vagina through the sari, preventing the absolute rupture of her overworked bladder.

The two women were reaching the endgame of such a brutal hold, where their bodies would rebel no matter how much they tried to endure. “Raisha,” I asked suddenly, a question coming to my mind, “have you ever wet yourself before?” Raisha turned to me with a horrified expression, “Never! And I will keep it that way! You will see! My bladder does not burst. I do not pee before I am ready.” I continued to press, “Are you sure? Not even when you were a girl growing up?”

“Never!” came the stark reply. Raisha then shut her eyes and screwed her lips shut to muffle a groan, and I imagined that she was picturing the relief that pissing all through her sari would bring.

Every new wave, every grunt of effort, every renewed crossing of legs and pressing of hands into their nether regions presented a new opportunity for the contest to come to an end. Both women’s bladder control remained on a knife’s edge. Losing the slightest bit of concentration for even a second could spell defeat. But these women were animals. Still neither would quit, despite it all. At 11 am I noted that Raisha was now snorting and huffing like a bull, taking great breaths to provide her faltering muscles with even more oxygen to continue the fight for survival.

Karthi’s whimpers were high pitched and unending, as she’d reached a state of desperation I didn’t believe possible. Nothing seemed to exist to her outside of holding her bladder shut for a few more seconds, then a few more, then a few more. She was trapped in an infinite cycle of pain and desperation, facing an unbeatable foe, with no way out unless she gave in. But every few minutes she would catch my eye, and I knew that my wife was not going to give in on her own. But could her body really handle any additional pressure?

Surely even will would not be enough soon. Karthi had parked herself for the time being in the chair in the corner of the room, where she had drawn her legs up to herself and was furiously kneading at her completely spent holding muscles. If I’d walked in on her without any prior context, I’d think she was performing an obscene masturbation ritual, but it was all simply a last ditch effort to keep her muscles from failing completely. Raisha stamped her feet in frustration and pain as yet another wave of bladder urgency came over her. “Fuck! Just pee so this can be over!” she yelled out, but her eyes were squeezed shut, and part of me wondered if Raisha was yelling at Karthi or at herself for her own foolish pride. She threw back her head and moaned again, overcome with the urges from her bladder that she was having to hold in.

Their loads of piss had become white hot pressures within their cores. And the pressure never decreased. It was always getting worse, all the time becoming more brutal, more difficult to hold, using further amounts of inner resources to maintain. It was ridiculous that neither woman had burst yet. They were both dying to urinate in the worst way, perhaps worse than any other woman in history had ever needed to go. Of course this was past any limits I had known for Karthi. But my wife was proving that her strong bladder could match up to anyone, even the amazon stature of Raisha and her impeccable control. Both women had become increasingly frantic, if that could be possible, and I could sense that each of their holding muscles must have been twitching, threatening to fail and let their bladder bombs detonate at any moment. Only by intensely redoubling their holding efforts did each woman avoid springing a leak.

With something bordering on shock, I glanced at my watch and realized that it was now 12 noon. A full 24 hours had passed since our simple contest of wills and bladders began, and against every conceivable odd, both women remained unrelieved. With all that the women had been drinking, I had expected the contest to finish by late afternoon on the first day, and certainly by that night. Procuring the sleeping pills to keep the contest going through the night and into the next day had been a lucky stroke, nothing more. The two paragons of composure that had existed at the start of the contest were no more. In their place were trembling husks of women, overfull with hot, pressing urine, capable of doing or thinking about nothing except keeping themselves dry and holding.

I had known that my Karthi would fight to the bitter end, though clearly I had underestimated where the bitter end lay for her. But Raisha’s competitive fire and resolve were nothing short of monstrous. Even with her once perfect posture broken, her will had refused to crack under the pressure. As she’d told it, she’d been clamping down for almost the entirety of the contest, and yet she continued to sit, her bladder now a tight drum ballooning from her abdomen, the heavy, aching piss that lay inside still under her control, if only just. Both women were mesmerizing, and I admitted to myself that I’d spent the majority of the morning in a daze as I watched them push themselves past any known limits. I thought it was only fitting to mark the 24th hour with a drink, as I was truly beginning to believe that neither of these women may be breakable after all.

Perhaps the contest would continue indefinitely, the two women stuck in a neverending battle for bladder superiority. I knew this could not be true, and yet nothing that had happened thus far in the contest could adequately convince me that it was not at least a possibility. I went to the kitchen and checked our well-stocked fridge, returning with a 750 ml can of beer for each woman. Such was their focus that neither seemed to comprehend what was about to be asked of them when I set the 2 cans down on the table in front of them. “Karthi! Raisha!” I said firmly to get their attention, “I have to congratulate both of you. It’s been a full day, 24 hours, since either of you have released even a single drop of urine! I felt we could celebrate this achievement with a beer. Would that be acceptable for you?”

Karthi could barely even look at the can of beer. It was like she was trying to look at the sun, the beer radiating a blinding pain in her eyes with every glance. It took her some seconds, but deep within, she still possessed a burning resolve for victory, and so she forced herself to rise from her chair and walk with halting steps to the table to claim her can. Then back to the chair, where she popped the can open before setting it down and burying both hands against her groin to stay in control of her flood. Raisha, for her part, appeared to be in a trance. Her lips were moving but I could not hear what she was saying.

I leaned over near her face and caught the words, “More beer. Won’t pee. More beer. Won’t pee.” being repeated over and over, so softly that I could still barely make them out. The unforgiving level of fullness in her bladder seemed to be legitimately driving Raisha mad. I was beginning to get worried that she may not actually understand that she had to drink, but then Raisha’s hand struck out and clamped upon the beer can, and she brought it back to her body. The whole time her voice was raising in volume, emitting the same chant, “More beer. Won’t pee. More beer! Won’t pee! More beer! Won’t pee!” until she was yelling out the words, and with a final hysterical cry, Raisha forced the can to her lips and drank deeply.

I cocked my head in Karthi’s direction for just a moment to see her grabbing her can to keep pace. Raisha was chugging with reckless abandon. Her eyes showed fury. Her body was so tense she could have been carved from granite. With her chanting stopped, the only sounds coming from the room were the gulping noises in the throats of both women as they choked down more liquid to add to their completely untenable load of long held piss. Then Raisha threw down the can, empty.

Seconds later, Karthi put down her own empty can, having matched her rival once again. “Ahhhhhh!!!” a bloodcurdling scream shook the room as Raisha bent over, holding her giant, swollen abdomen in her arms. When she raised her head, there were tears of pain in her darting eyes, and she roared out “HOLD IT!!!” Her dedication to the task was frightening. On the other side of the room, Karthi was squirming hysterically in her chair. Veins were bulging on either side of her neck, and her cheeks were even puffed up from the effort. Both women were primed to explode. Neither did.

I devolved back into my haze as I watched the scene unfold in front of me. Both women’s control lay in tatters. They had nothing left. The war they waged against their bladders was ultimately unwinnable. But now it was I that felt stuck in a time loop, because the hands on my watch continued to turn, and every time I’d look back up, both Karthi and Raisha were still keeping their bodies on total lockdown. The pressure, the unrelenting, unstoppable pressure, was driving them both insane, but still neither woman would crack. They had kept their bladder control perfect for over 24 hours. Their level of effort was verging on disgusting for its totality. Each woman was a rock, firmly planted against the oncoming tides. And so, in the trance of my own, I did the only thing I could do. I sat and I watched. Sweat was now enveloping both women so much that their saris were becoming slightly see thru.

Their bladders were utter monstrosities, globes of stabbing piss pain distended to the point that it appeared both women had large cantaloupes smuggled underneath their traditional Indian garb. Their holding muscles had to be clinging to their last vestiges of strength. The thought of holding in a composed manner was no longer even a dream – it was a dream of a dream. Karthi, if it was possible, was clutching her crotch tighter still, and I could even see the muscles in her arms working from how hard she was pulling up against herself in this last ditch effort to hold her pee. Raisha was moaning in pain and her whole body was shuddering.

The shuddering had begun in earnest mere minutes after finishing her beer, and as time went on, it did not stop, not even for a moment. Her perfectly proportioned body had become so acutely overpressurized that I couldn’t believe she wasn’t erupting right then and there. The force of will needed to handle such an overbearing urge to piss was incomprehensible.

By 1 pm I sensed panic coming from Karthi, as her muscles were hitting their final breaking points. She’d begun to shift with more and more franticness, and was at this point just a constant ball of energy, unable to hold in a single position for more than a second before needing to readjust again. She was using every possible crutch that she could think of to prop up her ailing muscles, but they were beyond exhausted now and were failing her. Raisha’s shuddering had only increased, and with it, she was now having uncontrollable, full body spasms that would rip through her out of nowhere. With each spasm she would grunt as if she was being struck, holding her bladder shut through each spasm with unfathomable levels of force.

Our holding contest idea had become a verifiable horror show of desperation. Each woman had sunk to previously unplumbed depths to continue their hold, and now they were at the bottom – at bedrock. Nothing mattered but the hold. Their bodies were perfect, and they would force themselves to endure. “Why...don’t...you...just...QUIT?!” Raisha spat out in a fury. The question shocked both Karthi and I, for I didn’t know that Raisha was even capable of speech by this point.

“You’re not…..better than me!” Karthi sputtered back, “I have…..to show my…..husband….that I am the best! I will outhold you Raisha!”

Even as she said it, Karthi had to get up from her chair to furiously pee dance, which was quite the sight with her bloated belly quivering this way and that. Raisha’s eyes looked like they were about to bug out of her head, and she roared back, “I DON’T PEE! You cannot win against me! My bladder is perfect! It’s PERFECT!” With a yowl of pain, the voluptuous Raisha double crossed her legs and drove both hands against her vagina once more, as wave after wave of unrelenting bladder pain ripped through her. The pressure on both ladies’ bladders was ultimately too high. It was too much. They would tap. But instead they imposed upon their bodies one unalterable rule – HOLD. While a fountain of piss should have burst forth from both women at any moment, it didn’t.

The clock struck 2 pm. 26 hours of torturous holding separated both Karthi and Raisha from their last taste of relief. Their bodies were battered, their minds broken. Only their spirits remained to keep them in this excruciating battle of bladder dominance. Raisha, once a strong, confident woman with a bladder of steel, was now laying on the sofa. Her hands weren’t even on her crotch anymore. They were on her breathtaking abdomen, clutching at it as if to massage away the pain within. But of course, there was no respite. The only respite was to pee. And it was the one thing Raisha could not do. She lay, a suffering mess, her muscles spent but yet still holding on for dear life. Her shaking form was so delicate, I thought that one unwanted touch, one pinprick, would cause her to explode without hesitation. Karthi was no longer seated in her chair. She was on the floor, on all fours, and even in this position her spherical bladder nearly touched the ground.

For the last 10 minutes she’d been sinking lower and lower, and I watched in dismay as my wife had to use both hands and grasped between her legs with such fury that she was now pressing her shoulder, neck, and the side of her face into the ground, her ass in the air with her hands pressing the soft flesh of her overworked vagina through the light material of the sweaty sari. She moaned again, as she had many times throughout the entire day. But this moan was different. There was no adrenaline behind it.

It was a defeated moan. This was it – she finally could not keep the piss inside any longer. Her efforts had been incredible, but ultimately they would fall short against Raisha’s unbeatable iron bladder. Her bladder had reached complete and total emergency status. I waited with sadness for the river to burst out from the back of Karthi’s sari, where it would surely soak the entire floor in seconds. And I kept waiting. The flood would not come. Karthi was in the midst of her last stand against her body.

Similar to Raisha earlier in the day, my wife was now muttering something so softly that I could scarcely make out the words. I got up and knelt down next to her, my warrior princess who had given her all for me, now laying in such a pitiful, unenviable position, and heard her – “I will hold it….for you. I will…..hold it for….you. I will hold it….for….you…” And on and on it went. Karthi’s feelings for me were so strong, her love so powerful, that even at this critical juncture, with nothing hanging between her and defeat, my wife would not quit.

The floor in front of her was actually growing damp, but with sweat instead of piss, as my wife summoned reserves of strength for her holding muscles that I didn’t know anyone could possess. Then a bleating yell pierced the room. Something within Raisha had finally snapped. Before, her body had been shuddering and shaking. Now, it had begun to rumble. It was a deep rumble that grew and grew until she was almost flopping like a fish on the sofa. With a cry of anguish, Raisha sat up, her hands trembling as they clawed at her crotch underneath the sari.

Her bladder was in total rebellion. Its maximum capacity had finally been reached.

The proud woman snarled in defiance of her body, willing her overloaded bladder to continue its grueling hold, to withstand even this incomprehensible onslaught of pressure. Her thighs began moving rapidly in and out, and Raisha’s eyes widened in astonishment as her body continued to fail her. “Noooooo! I can hold it! I can! I will!” she wailed, refusing to submit. Her current position bringing her nothing but unflinching agony, Raisha stood and held herself tighter still. Her thighs were quaking involuntarily, every ounce of energy having been used.

“Noooooo!” she cried out again, searching her entire perfect body for any shred of strength to force to her bladder’s holding muscles. And then came the admission that I didn’t think was possible – “I can’t hold it!” The words left Raisha’s lips almost tentatively, despite being a shout. Those words were intruders on Raisha’s lips. They did not belong, and saying something so completely unbecoming of herself had to feel wrong. And even with those words still hanging in the air, Raisha did not pee. Something deep inside her would not let the piss come out, no matter what it cost. “I can’t hold it!” she shouted again, voice beginning to go hoarse. Her legs crossed tightly again. Her sari remained dry.

“Aaaagggghhhhh I CAN’T HOLD IT!” she called desperately, staring in the direction of Karthi and me but not really looking at us, her eyes unfocused and glazed, her energy sapped. Her gigantic bladder joined her thighs in quaking, but Raisha bent double and howled in pain as she clamped off the flow yet again. The two women remained like this for minutes on end, in one final stalemate, both still as statues, their muscles clenching with whatever remained of the dregs of their willpower. I put my hand on my wife’s shoulder, urging her silently not to crack now, not when she had come so far. Karthi began sobbing in pain from the wracking effort of the hold. It was about to be too much. With a calming breath, I readied myself for the inevitable as I rubbed my wife’s back. “You did good,” I whispered in her ear, trying to keep the overwhelming emotion I felt for just how strongly my wife had toiled on my behalf from seeping into my voice, “You did real good.”

And then Raisha raised her head enough to stare the two of us down, clarity in her eyes once more. Her mouth was moving but was struggling to put a sentence together. Wearily, coasting on adrenaline, Raisha began to stutter, “I…...I will…..you…..hold…..bladder….perfect…..” A new wave of utter desperation ripped through her, and Raisha’s body almost pulsed from the effort to hold on, but then her eyes went wide as the radiating desperation in her core only continued to increase. She became maddeningly frantic, her face equal parts desperate and determined, her legs moving like an earthquake and her whole body following. No woman could contain such insurmountable pressure, no matter the depths she was willing to go to fight against it.

With one final scream, Raisha erupted. Piss exploded from under her sari, drenching the immediate area in seconds. She was a bathtub tap on full blast. It was as if every fiber of her bladder control had detonated all at once, and now the piss was forced to rush out with as much speed and determination as she had used to keep her bladder shut for the last 26+ hours. Her face was wearing an expression of terror as she gazed upon her defeated, deflating bladder. The piss continued like a storm. The sari had become completely see thru, and Raisha’s piss was coating the floor so quickly and effectively that it was pouring over my pant legs as I knelt with Karthi, and it went into my wife’s knees, face, and shoulder as well, despite my best efforts to shield her. Raisha couldn’t bear to look at us, as the piss streamed out of her unabated.

Her control was totally, helplessly lost. The fire in her eyes was extinguished. She now had nothing but somber defeat. It took over 5 minutes of ridiculous, full-scale blasting before Raisha’s piss slowed to anything resembling a normal stream, and another 3 minutes before that too ran dry. The whole time, Karthi’s control hung by the slimmest of margins, but she could not let her victory be soured with an unintended piss. Not now. Not after having come so far. When Raisha’s piss finally came to a halt, her bladder now mercifully empty for the first time in over a day, she had no more grand speeches to give. With her head down, Raisha spared us one final look, and then she stumbled hastily to our front door and out of our house. As gently as I could, I pulled my bursting maiden to her feet, and gave Karthi a hug and kiss that she richly deserved.

“Dear…..I must….” she managed to get out, and I pulled her close and told her, “I know. You did so well. You deserve the piss of a lifetime.” We walked together to the bathroom, Karthi with shaking steps, keeping one hand firmly planted on her crotch at all times. I helped Karthi out of her sari, and she sat nude on the toilet with me standing in front of her, admiring her in all her glory. Her bladder bulging as large as a soccer ball, her skin stretched to its maximum, her thighs trembling, but she had held out. As she sat on the toilet, I waited for a burst of piss, but it did not come.

I looked down at her, and she looked back up at me, having to grit her teeth from the strain of still holding onto her enormous load of pent up, frothing piss, and she asked me, “Do I have the strongest and biggest bladder of any woman that you know?” I nearly laughed with relief from the question, and while kneeling down to kiss my wife once more, I told her, “Yes, you have the strongest, the biggest, and the most PERFECT bladder of any woman I’ve ever known.”

We kissed again, Karthi smiling brightly despite the overwhelming pain coming from her bladder, and then for the first time since noon the day before, she let her bladder’s holding muscles release, and we continued kissing as her deluge of piss poured into the bowl. Her pee hit the water in the bowl with such sound and clarity that I couldn’t hear myself think. She had held it all for me, just as she had promised to do. As with Raisha’s, my dear Karthi’s stream continued to blast out of her for over 8 minutes, but our kiss lasted far past the point that she finally ran dry.
