The Fear Wettings Anthology; Part 4: The Dunes

Author: Hypergirl

*000*2022-12-10 04:14

Hey guys! Here’s part 4.. few details, yet still to the point like the previous one. Enjoy and don't forget the feedback!

———————————————————

It was past midnight in the city of Lustral. Everything was calm and quiet but Leylah was still up finishing her impossible college research assignment.

The research was about Armix. One of, if not the most powerful company in the world. It was specifically about the Armix tower sonic explosion that happened a few months back downtown. It was difficult to find information as Armix was known for its secrecy.

“It’s past midnight and i cant even find enough information. I really need to get to bed. I am baffled as to why the professor had assigned me with such an obscure research.” Leylah thought to herself as she sighed.

She turned her laptop off and got up while putting a hand over her bladder and scrubbing it a little bit.

“It’s been a few hours since i got up! I Really need to pee and head to bed for the night. I am so tired..” Leylah thought as she made her way to her bathroom. She was wearing her pajama top, gray pajama sweatpants and was barefoot.

She went through her hallway and opened the bathroom door. She closed the door behind her then quickly took off her gray pajama sweatpants and rose panties.

As she was squatting down on the toilet and before she could even release her pee everything suddenly and peculiarly shifted around her. She immediately fell butt naked on a sandy floor rather than her relieving toilet with a loud squeak.

The impact on the sandy floor and shock of the unbelievable situation made her immediately release short sporadic streams of urine from her bare vagina on the sand as she screamed, wetting the sand and darkening it a bit under her.

She tried so hard but managed to seize her uncontrollable stream as she looked around her surroundings. She found herself in a sea of sands, the moon and the starry night above her was the only source of light.

The white full moon reflected a little light on the sand which made it look beautiful. Leylah was terrified, yet mesmerized by the incredible landscape and the glowy dark sky above her. The sound of the wind rustling the sands around her soothingly.

Her hands and bare feet were sunk in the sandy land as she sat down with her sweatpants and panties still down, still trying to realize what had happened. She suddenly snapped out of it and instantly stood up and pulled her pants and panties back up. She looked under her bare feet where she stood over the sand she dampened a few seconds ago with her urine.

“Oh.. my.. goddddd!! I just peed myself on a sandy ground!! How!! I was just sitting on the toilet!!! WHERE THE HELL AM I!?!?” She screamed her lungs out but her voice only echoed in the gloomy emptiness.

She started to slowly shuffle her bare feet on the sandy environment as she looked around. Only the vastness of the dune seas as far as her eyes can see.

“Am i dreaming?” She thought to herself. She then looked back down at her crotch as she began to regain her senses and feel the need to pee again. She just let out a little of her pee after all so she was still as much desperate as she was before entering the bathroom.

She held her crotch and started to look around the sands, noticing that there was obviously no one but her. She had this wicked idea of just relieving herself right there and right now on the desert sand.

She hesitantly pulled down her pants and panties again while still looking around and squatted over the sand. Pee trickled a little bit from her vagina before stabilizing into a steady small stream.

Her urine hit the sand with a splash getting some on her bare feet. It dampened the ground turning the sand’s color darker and it even became a little muddy.

Suddenly as she was relieving her self she heard a loud clicking sound. The sands began vibrating loudly and the ground shook hard under her feet making her urine spray everywhere around and onto her clothes. She shuddered and swiftly pulled her pants and panties back up in her fear while she was still peeing. Wetting the inside of her pants and panties profusely.

She stopped peeing once more before fully relieving herself as she explored the terrifying sound and the peculiar earthquake.

She witnessed sand rustling and starting to grow higher, something was digging under and moving fast through the sands. It was huge. The waves of moving sands started to move very quickly towards Leylah with the clicking sound getting higher and higher.

She screamed and immediately ran the other way. She looked behind her while running to witness something she never thought she’d ever imagine seeing in her entire life. A gigantic magnificent gray sand worm shot up from the sands like a rocket where her pee puddle was. Its red mouth; which was circular and had hundreds of sharp teeth, was filled of the vacuumed sands it sucked into its cave like hole.

It was obviously attracted to the smell of pee that Leylah had left around the sand since she landed on this mysterious desert.

The worm was pretty long and wide but flew like a bird through the air and then dove down mouth first into the sands once more. It started moving underground again quickly towards screaming terrified Leylah who was still running away.

Leylah’s bladder gave up and uncontrollably voided the rest of her unrelieved urine into her gray sweatpants in her fear, dampening and darkening her sweatpants with a wet patch while also creating a muddy trail behind her as she ran while pissing herself in her terror.

The huge sand worm followed that pee trail quickly as it created waves of sands that flew around everywhere with its clicking voice screeching and growling louder and louder.

Unfortunately Leylah trampled and fell face first on the sandy ground. She immediately looked back with teary eyes behind her as she laid on her back while sobbing.

She witnessed the gigantic sand worm flying up off the sand only meters away from her again into the air with a loud clicking noise, and then diving right above her.

The starry night and the moon above her went out of sight as she laid under the worm’s shadow.. the only thing that Leylah could see now was the hundreds of sharp teeth diving very fast towards her to the ground. She raised a hand over her head and closed her eyes tightly as she accepted her inevitable fate to become worm food while relaxing her bladder uncontrollably one final time into her pants and sands under her.

A few moments had passed, her eyes was still closed. The sound of the quiet desert was replaced with loud honking car horns. She quickly opened her eyes and looked around to find herself on a busy sidewalk on the street in a bright sunny day.. it was apparently a rush hour as many people were moving around the side walk. They all stood around Leylah gasping in awe. She looked down at her crotch to find that the sidewalk under her had a growing pee puddle rather than being dampened on sand, and her sweatpants were completely drenched.

She stood up and looked around her in disbelief with urine still dropping off her clothes. She looked at the people’s faces in shock and then instantly started crying out loud in both shock and embarrassment, yet relief.

Many people were helpful and quickly helped her, after all this was not the first time a girl appears out of thin air in recent days.

- - -

“MR. RASHI WHAT HAVE YOU DONE!?” Mr. Omo rushed inside the office shouting.

“I saved Leylah, Mr. Omo.. and teleported her away from Apophis.” Mr. Rashi said.

“Apophis? The ancient Egyptian mythological worm beast?” Mr. Omo asked confusingly.

“Yes sir, it appears that rifts teleporting monstrous entities into our world is not the only problem we’re facing. It appears that the anomalies are large enough that they could even teleport random people to any time, and to any where. Hence; teleporting Leylah back to the ancient Egyptian desert where Apophis was still roaming the sands.” Mr. Rashi said.

“Things have gotten out of hand.” Mr. Omo grunts.

“Yes. Everything is becoming more difficult by the second. I managed to miraculously locate Leylah. But with deviations all around the timeline we know.. i am afraid the random events will grow much higher in number in the upcoming days.” Mr. Rashi said.

“But Mr. Rashi.. we made an oath that we will never intervene into human affairs, we cant save, neither kill anyone along the timeline we follow. We’re just observers!” Mr. Omo said angrily.

“Mr. Omo with all due respect, the universe had been thrown out of balance. All the rules we’ve been following had been bent. Leylah should never have been there in the first place if it was not for that anomaly. I haven’t ruined anything. I am fixing it. With all due respect sir, we cant be just mere observers and recorders of human bodily malfunctions along the timeline anymore. We have to intervene and rebalance the universe. We’re the only ones who know.. who understand.” Mr. Rashi said.

“You might be right. We must fix it before we can practice observing once more.” Mr. Omo said then started scrolling through a futuristic touch screen.

“Armix..” Mr. Omo nodded.

“Yes, Mr. Omo.” Mr. Rashi agreed, as they both looked at each other with a poker face.

- - -

*002*2022-12-10 22:13

{{11 minutes ago, DerekOmoso said:

Oooh!!! I really liked that one!

The whole desert scene was super fun. Well... Good! Not really fun for her, but still a real nice thing.

You don't see that many omo stories taking place in the desert!!

}}

I am so glad to hear that you enjoyed it!

Yes! Hahaha.

That is very true! Great landscape!

