A Short My Hero Academia Story

Author: HopBop

*000*2020-01-21 06:42

Hi! This fanfiction involves both Izuku Midoriya and Katsuki Bakugo! I do not ship BakuDeku myself, nor does this piece, but if the fanfiction makes you uncomfortable, I totally understand not reading!

Kacchan was acting strange, to say the least. Of course, these were strange circumstances. It wasn't easy, being forced to walk next to someone you hated. Izuku wasn't any more comfortable with the situation.

They both were going to the store. To buy themselves a can of soda. Of course, they both walked fast, trying to overtake the other, or at least minimalize the time spent shoulder-to-shoulder on the crowded streets.

"Shit..." a murmur passed Bakugo's lips, intriguing Izuku further into the reason for his strange behavior. "Oh, shit, not now..."

"Bak-" Izuku quickly sealed his mouth, knowing what the consequence for finishing the sentence would be. 'Are you okay?' were words never to be uttered to Katsuki Bakugo.

Nevertheless, Bakugo heard him. He glanced at the shorter student. Deku caught sight of his face, tinted red with what at first he thought to be an expression of fury. His eyes, however, swam with worry and embarrassment. The pair arrived at a darkened alleyway, and Bakugo turned the corner into it, gesturing for Deku to follow.

"Okay, bastard, I'm not damn fine, got it?" Katsuki inhaled, his breath shaky. "I'm gonna fucking piss myself."

Deku wasn't entirely shocked at this revelation, but he was shocked at the delivery. He did notice, however, Kacchan's squirming, his squeezing himself.

"Just go across the street and buy a pair of pants. I'll pay you back later." Izuku did as he was told, wondering why Katsuki had been holding for so long.

"Ok, Kaccha-" Deku looked at the boy who had bullied him for so long, a revelation coming to mind. He showed me himself at his most vulnerable. It confused Deku, and at that moment, Bakugo, writhing in discomfort, let himself go.

"And if you tell anyone about this, Deku, you're fucking dead."

*001*2020-01-21 07:07

I realize now I forgot two WHOLE PARAGRAPHS cause Bakugo wanted to know if his urine would explode

