A girl was made to hold!

Author: huberp76

*000*2021-08-11 20:56

This story is including something that i absolutely like, i love it if a girl is needing to wee since hours and she has to hold it for hours longer.

Nowhere to go for her, no matter how bad she would need it!

The story is a mix between a video what i have seen and my own imaginations.

The video was somewhere in Asian, there was a young, tall and slim Asian girl.

The girl was young and pretty and was sitting on a park bench.

After a while came a man, he was much older than the girl and he was not really good looking.

It looked like they had a date and i thought by myself, that the girl did get paid for the date and maybe for something more.

After they did get up from the bench, the girl crossed her beautiful, naked legs and said “i am sorry but i am needing to wee since hours, but there is nowhere to go all around.”

The man did not comment the situation and they walked around in the large park, until they came to a lake, where have been petal boats.

”Let’s talk one of this boats.” said the man.

Oh yes, i would love that, but before we do it , i absolutely need a wee, really, really necessary .” the girl answered.

”Oh no, no wee for you! There are no toilets anywhere. You are a big girl and i think you are old enough to hold it.” he said and smiled lascivious.

He rented a boat for 2 hours and he did buy 2 large mineral water.

Although or especially therefore that the poor girl would not have a chance to take a much needed piss for the next 2-3 hours, he made her drink very fast.

After one hour the bottle was empty and the girl,s bladder overfilled to explode.

She was moaning and whine from needing to wee so bad, she massaged her swollen bladder and pushed her short, little skirt between her thighs, in a way that she showed sometimes her still dry panties.

“Please let us turn around, let us go back, i need to wee so bad, it is so painful, it hurts so much, let me take a pee anywhere, i did not have a chance to go all day, i am really, really needing it!” the girl pleaded.

”I payed for 2 hours and i don’t go back earlier, just that you can piss anywhere. I told you that you should be old enough to hold your pee inside you!” he said and pressed with one hand deep in her belly.

”You are really pretty full down there, but you can hold more, girls can that!” he said.

She did squirm and she crossed her legs, but she was able to keep her little panties dry.

As they did get out of the boat, the girl could not even stand upright, she was standing with both hands between her thighs, her legs tight crossed and bending over.

It was embarrassing for both of them and so the guy blustered with her that she should not act like a little girl.

What can a girl do when she had no chance to wee all day long, when she is needing to piss like crazy since hours and if she has no opportunity to go anywhere.

What can a girl do when she is needing to wee so bad and is made to drink more and more, but is not allowed to let it finally out, not allowed to wee.

Either she piss herself or her bladder will burst?

What will she do, there are no toilets in the park, the guy was curious about it.

One liter mineral was to much for the girls bladder full from the day, she could not walk anymore, she had to stop every few minutes to cross her legs.

She simply could not anymore, she could not endure it any longer, she wanted to go behind the bushes beside the way.

The guy did let her go, but was following her.

She lifted her short skirt, she wanted to pull down her panties very fast, but the guy was standing behind her, instead to let her squad he pressed hard and deep in her belly, so long until she pissed herself, so long until her hot wee was running down on the smooth skin of her beautiful legs.

After holding so much urine for so long, it did take really long until the girl was empty.

Then he invited her for a dinner, maybe for more?

If i would have been in the situation from the guy, i would have tried to take her home before she went behind the bushes and would have take her in my sleeping room, without to let her to the bathroom before.

It would be bummer for every single drop that she would wee before i could take her to my bed, to “play “ with her and to “play “with her swollen bladder, before i could have sex with her.

She was made to drink, she did not wee since more than 14-15 hours!!!

How much longer can she endure it?

*001*2021-08-18 10:46

I absolutely like situations where girls need to wee but nowhere to go.

It is really exciting for me if a girl has no opportunity to go to the toilet for a long time, the longer the better! Just to think about that a girl did or could not wee extreme long, all day or longer, is arousing for me.

Since i can remember, i love such situations and since i can remember, i did try to make girls hold their pee, not give them a chance to take a much needed wee.

On of my early experience was with Renate. I wrote it here at omorashi, it is called “I made a girl hold it all day long”.

I spent all day with her, from early morning until late evening and did not give her even one opportunity to go to the toilet.

She was needing to wee so bad, but i made her wait and hold for hours and hours.

It was always arousing for me to watch how she act when her bladder gets fuller and fuller, when her urge gets stronger and stronger.

It is so different between the girls, some did not hide their need, they did show how bad they would need to go and some suffer nearly in silence, you can see that they can’t nearly walk anymore, or stand upright, because they get so bad tortured from their bursting full bladders, but they still hold it with all their willpower and their bodily power.

It was and it is still very exciting for me to spend a long time with a girl and not give her a chance to wee.

I was always curious how she would get ready with her situation.

Renate was so great in holding, she sometimes told me at noon that she would need to wee and 6-7 hours later in the evening, she was still holding it.

I did love it and i still love to remember on her.

*002*2021-08-22 13:23

If i spend more hours with a girl, i start to think at her bladder.

I think how full her bladder would be, i think is she needing to wee? Bad? How bad would she need to go?

At the same time grows inside me the desire to make her hold and wait!

I don’t want to give her a chance to go to the toilet, i want to see what will she do, how will she react if her urge gets stronger and stronger.

I ask myself, how long can she endure it and some more.

