She is good trained to hold it!

Author: huberp76

*000*2022-09-11 19:28

Two friends spendet the first time a day together with their girl friends.

The two young couples went to the city for sightseeing and for to go to the cinema at evening.

Late at afternoon it was appreciable that one of the girls was needing to wee. She crossed sometimes her legs, she was rubbing her knees and she did all that things what girls are doing when they need to wee.

It was not really to amaze, she was the only one from the four young people who did not use a bathroom all day long.

”Can it be that your girl needs to go to the toilet?” Asked the friend.

”Oh yes, she would need to go all afternoon, but she can wait until at home.” The boy answered.

”Don’t we not go to the cinema later at evening?” Asked the friend.

”Sure we go, we agreed that we go, or don’t you like it anymore?” Asked the guy.

I absolutely like to go to the cinema, but it will last hours until your girl will be at home! Can she wait so long for to wee?” Asked the friend.

”Don’t worry about her, she can wait, she is good trained to hold it. She has a really strong bladder, she can hold it and she can wait.”Answered the boy.

”But why don’t she go to the toilet if she would need to go since so long, very urgently like it visible seams?” Asked the friend.

”That is very simply, she don’t go because i don’t let her go, she has to hold it for me, because i love it if she is holding a very full bladder for hours and it turns me on so much to know that she would need to wee so very, very bad !

And she likes it to make me horny that way, because she wants to get fucked very hard with her bladder full to burst, when we come home.”Answered the boy.

At the cinema, the boy could not focus at the film, he did always think on the full bladder of his friends girl, he did think about that she did not wee only once from early morning until late at night.

He did watch how tight her thighs were pressed together and he asked himself if her panties would still be dry.

I think many of us would love to have a girlfriend like her!!!?

Many of us would love to bring her home after the cinema, with her bladder full to burst!!!?

