Misson to the ISS - The Astronaut with the Super Bladder

Author: HitEmAll

*000*2021-11-25 21:43

I'd like to share a story that I started to write last summer, but I'd like to give some "context" before. At some point, I had googled some scientific literature about certain medical topics related to our fetish. I got particularly interested in so called "urodynamics" studies, where in some cases the peeing of healthy individuals was studied scientifically (including volume voided, flow rate etc.). A couple of days after I studied these things, I got my second Moderna shot. I did have some of the normal side effects, i.e. some temperature, headache and general dizziness for about 1.5 days. This, and my newly gained knowledge about "peeing science" made me think about a lot of crazy things.

Among others I started to ponder the question, if huge female bladders might cause problems during human space flight. I also started to think about the research required to investigate these topics. While looking through some of the data of these urodynamics studies, I learnt, that people that urinated with a powerful stream were classified as "super-voiders". 

When looking at their maximal pee rates, I thought that compared to "real super-voiders" (e.g. "HornyRoxy" from MDH or others), these rates were not yet in that range. I imagined what would happen if a "real super-voider" would participate in a urodynamics study in healty individuals and release her massive full bladder with maximum force into one of these standard urodynamics devices that are made for "normal" bladders. In my imagination, the pee would splash everywhere and spray the whole room with pee, as a consequence of the super hard stream hitting the device. In my imagination a really powerful stream or an excessive amount of urine might also break the device.

While having some temperature and lying dizzy but somewhat awake in my bed, I started to imagine a story about the world's leading research institute about high-pressure urodynamics, and how they were contacted by NASA to resolve issues involving the very large bladder of one of their female astronauts. I imagined a number of interesting scenarios that would take place in this research institute.

After taking some Paracetamol to counteract the side effects, I felt fit enough to sit in front of the computer to start writing about some of these ideas. I started to write about the activities at this research institute, but I soon noticed, that also the prequel, i.e. the story how NASA discovered that one of their female astronauts had a super large bladder, might be interesting.

So I started to write some completely unrealistic but hopefully fun story about what happened at Cape Canaveral. I first wrote the story without describing the look of the female astronauts, but added it later. For the main character of this first chapter (consisting of multiple parts), I thought about the hottest woman that I could imagine as an astronaut with a huge bladder, and came to the conclusion that for me the best choice would be the very attractive SpaceX engineer Jessie Anderson, that you may know from their coverage of SpaceX missions. However, I changed her name to Jessie Lewis (but you can imagine her as looking like Jessie Anderson).

The Jessie Lewis situation - Part 1

Dr. Jessie Lewis (age 32)

Jessie made it through the NASA astronaut recruitment program. She is a mechanical engineer and was selected and trained for spacewalk missions to perform a number of difficult maintenance operations at the international space station. She is scheduled for her first trip to space in six months, a mission to the ISS for performing important maintenance procedures.

Already as a child she discovered that she could hold much more urine than anyone else. Nowadays, her close friends are aware of her peeing capabilities, and from time to time people mention her infinite bladder or recall the stories where Jessie released incredible amounts of pee in the stall next door or similar events. Jessie does enjoy the admiration that she gets for her super bladder, and in the right situation it makes her feel very happy and also horny when people notice that she can pee so much. She also enjoys to shock other people with her powerful and neverending pee stream. However, in her professional life, i.e. in her work at NASA, her bladder capacity was not yet discovered by anyone, not by the medical staff and not by her colleagues.

As explained before, she looks remarkably similar to SpaceX engineer Jessie Anderson.

Prof. Dr. MD. Julia Strahler (age 43)

Head of the Freiburg Institute for Space Urination Technology and High-Pressure Urodynamics in Germany.

Julia started her career as a medical doctor in urology. She soon gained some fame in the urology field when she started to characterize physiological properties of people with very large bladders and high pressure peeing capabilities. She discovered, that existing urodynamics equipment was not able to quantify the urination of so called "hyper-voiders". Julia herself belongs into the category of so called hyper-voiders (i.e. people that can void urine at a rate around 4 times higher than average people). She is known for her huge bladder and incredible bladder control, meaning that even when her bladder is filled to the max (at around 1.7 liters), she can in a highly controlled manner shoot out quick powerful pee streams and immediately regain control. She convincingly demonstrated the problems with existing urodynamics equipment by herself, by participating in urodynamics studies in healthy individuals and completely destroying the equipment with her laser-sharp pee stream.

She then got funding to develop a number of technologies to quantify the urination of hyper-voiders, but also to develop technologies to contain the urine expelled by hyper-voiders. In particular the urine containment systems were very successful, and as a consequence she contributed to essentially all human space flight programs with the development of high performance urine containment systems.

We will later introduce some of the members of her institute, as well as some of her colleagues working at NASA.

Jessie's crew:

Commander Samantha Dryer (age 43) Size 168cm, Samantha is multiethnic with roots in the Caribbean, and therefore has a darker skin color. She has shoulder-long brown hair, perfect body shape and is generally considered as very attractive.

Pilot James Morgan (age 41)

Mission specialist Jessie Lewis (age 32)

Mission specialist Nathalie Weber (age 35) Size 165cm, Nathalie is from Germany, rather short about chin-length blonde hair, quite prototypical for the attractive German woman. She is also generally considered as very attractive, and she has an extremely sporty body shape, definitively on the thinner end, super fit and zero body fat. She is also an engineer by training, and she is also part of the space walk team for maintenance work on the ISS, together with Jessie and Alexej.

Mission specialist Alexej Kolodin (age 46)

Mission specialist Chris Gardner (age 40)

Jessie was just sitting there in a room of the medical complex at Cape Canaveral. Six months ago she was selected for the mission and it was clear that she would finally go to space. These six months were rather busy, and all kinds of preparations and additional training was performed. Today, she participated in the so called "bladder morning", a routine procedure to check the size of the bladders of the astronauts. For this, the six members of the mission arrived there at 8 in the morning. Then, they had one hour available to drink 2.5 liters of an isotonic drink. 

After that, they should hold it as long as possible, and when they felt like they really could not hold it much longer, they were briefly examined by a physician via ultrasound and were then allowed to pee. Her colleagues had long left, the last one was her colleague Samantha Dryer, who managed to hold it for about one hour and twenty minutes after the initial hour. The NASA physician Dr. Andrea Hart entered the room to check for Jessie. 2 hours had passed now after the initial hour. The physician asked: "so you are still not bursting to go??", and Jessie replied: "I do feel some urge to go, but it is not really that I cannot hold it anymore at all". The physician said: "ok alright, let's examine your bladder with the ultrasound, this is quite amazing. Please follow me". Jessie followed Dr. Hart into an examination room. The rather petite and really slim Jessie exhibited a gigantic bulge in her abdominal region while following Dr. Hart

"Can you please sit down here.. then I'll take a look at your super bladder".

"Can you please pull up your sweater a little bit, such that we can take a look?"

Jessie pulled up her sweater, fully exposing her massive bulging bladder.

"Wow that's some serious bladder control you have there."

Dr. Hart used her ultrasound device to get some imaging from Jessie's bladder. After some time of examination, she said: "allright, very good, everything's fine with your super bladder!".

Jessie was of course happy to hear this, but also slightly suspicious if this check was done correctly. She asked: "so you don't think that my bladder might be too large? I only recently learned about the Strahler law, and from that point on I was wondering if my huge bladder might cause any problems for the mission?"

The "Strahler law" is an empirical observation about the rate at which kidneys produce urine in female astronauts under zero gravity. There is no explanation for why this is the case, but for some reason, the rate at which urine is produced in zero gravity is determined by the size of the bladder, following a quadratic relationship. Meaning, that the bladder of a female astronaut with a bladder of 1.2 liters was filling around 2.25 times faster than the bladder of a female astronaut with a bladder size of 0.8 liters. Prof. Strahler first hypothesized this law when working for the Russian Sojus program, where the urine containment system of one of the female astronauts failed. In subsequent studies performed on the space station ISS this law was confirmed, and despite the fact that nobody had an explanation for it, the law so far worked very reliably over all tested bladder sizes.

Dr. Hart replied: "ah yes, the Strahler law.. to be honest, two years ago we had problems with huge bladders in female astronauts. Your colleague Sophie Robinson has an incredibly huge bladder, and we had to adapt some of her space suit to deal with the amounts of urine produced. However, I can tell you that her bladder is still much bigger than yours, so we are really prepared for the amounts of urine you will produce in space".

Jessie was really glad to hear this, however she was also a bit skeptical about the statement that someone should have a bladder bigger than her. In her life so far she had never met anyone (male or female) who had a bladder of comparable size to her.

Jessie asked: "This is great to hear! So how to proceed, should I continue to wait until I really have to go?"

Dr. Hart: "No this is fine, we are done here. You can just use the restroom outside to empty your bladder."

Jessie: "Ok.. uhmm.. are you sure? Shouldn't we maybe measure how much urine I currently hold to ensure that there is really no problem?"

Dr. Hart: "Nah.. that's not necessary, don't worry about this, your bladder is huge but it is not in the range that we cannot deal with."

Jessie thanked the doctor, left the examination room, and headed for the restrooms in the facility. She entered a stall and started to pee. As always, her powerful pee stream created an incredily loud noise when hitting the water. She peed for about thirtyfive seconds with incredible force. She thought about Sophie Robinson's bladder and felt really confused about Dr. Hart's statement, that Sophie's bladder apparently was "much bigger" than hers. She also thought, how should it be possible that there is some space diaper that can handle this powerful stream and this amount of pee? But then she thought that there are a lot of smart people, and probably someone had figured out a solution to handle such vast amounts of urine.

As it turned out later, Dr. Hart was completely wrong about Jessie's bladder size. At the point of examination, Jessie was already holding slightly over 1.5 liters of pee in her bladder. The acclaimed super bladder of Sophie Robinson could only hold around 1.2 liters at the point of bursting. This problem became obvious in a later test.

The Jessie Lewis situation - Part 2

The next couple of weeks continued to be very busy, with numerous training sessions where Jessie practiced her space walk missions, as well as simulations of different phases of the travel to the ISS. The next training was a six hour test simulating the final approach to the ISS. The astronauts were fully dressed up with their space suits. The test went without any problems, and afterwards the six astronauts climbed out of the simulator and went for the undressing. 

Jessie undressed herself out of her space suit, while suit technician Fiona Smith was observing her to check if she went through the correct procedure. Jessie removed all the different parts, and one of the last steps was to remove the diaper that she was wearing throughout the test. She removed it and disposed it to the appropriate container. Fiona was really surprised to see, that the diaper was "untouched", and that apparently Jessie had not peed throughout the test. Fiona also noticed the massive bulge in Jessie's abdomen.

Fiona asked: "uh what?? you drank over 3 liters during the six hour test, and did not pee a single time?".

Jessie replied: "No..".

Fiona was slightly shocked and really worried about this and asked: "Do you feel uncomfortable or anxious to pee in your space suit, or is there some other problem?".

Jessie replied: "No no.. everything is fine. I just did not really have to go so far. I guess I have a huge bladder..".

Fiona laughed and replied: "Wow.. I can definitively see that you have a super huge bladder, you look like you are pregnant for several months.. I guess you must be absolutely bursting right now??".

Jessie replied: "I do feel some urge to pee, but I am not really bursting right now, everything's fine."

Fiona asked: "So did you ever pee while being dressed up in your space suit?"

Jessie replied: "No, never so far. Because I did not really have to go. Is this bad?"

Fiona replied: "No no, not at all. But we should make sure that we practice this, that you get used to relieve your bladder into your diaper while being dressed up."

Jessie replied: "Ok, sure, I can do that. Then I guess I will try this out during the next test, and take a little tinkle into my space suit."

Fiona laughed and replied: "Haha I guess it will not really be a little tinkle but probably by far the biggest piss ever taken in the history of human space flight."

Jessie replied: "Hmm.. at the "bladder morning" the physician said that Sophie Robinson had a huge bladder, much bigger than mine. So I guess it will not be the biggest."

Fiona replied: "Hmm.. I don't know, if the physician said this it is probably true. However, we never had someone that made it through all these tests without ever taking a pee.."

Fiona then said: "Actually, i guess it is a good idea if you really have to pee during your next test. I think I will talk to the flight director and discuss with him if we can take some special preparations."

Jessie said: "Ok, i see, yes I guess this is a good idea. I am really looking forward to taking my first space piss."

Fiona and Jessie both laughed and left the undressing room.

Three days later there was another test scheduled, a 6+ hour test to simulate again the final approach phase to the ISS, but this time including some simulated technical problems during approach. The news about Jessie's super bladder had spread, and pretty much everybody in the program now knew that Jessie so far never had to pee while being dressed up. It was decided that prior to the next test, Jessie should drink two extra liters of isotonic drinks, 1.5 hours prior to the test. Her colleagues as well as her made fun about this situation, always ending up in a lot of laughter on all sides. For example pilot James Morgan when talking to her while Jessie was in the process of drinking all the extra liquids: "I see you are preparing! Really looking forward to your epic first piss in a space suit, Jessie!", and a lot of similar things. Jessie felt excited and enjoyed the attention that her ability to hold incredible amounts of pee attracted.

1.5 hours later it was time to dress up. Jessie performed the procedure on her own, under the supervision of Fiona. Fiona was amazed by the huge bulge that was already visible in Jessie abdomen.

Fiona: "Wow.. so how are you today? Still not bursting to go?"

Jessie: "Nah.. I do feel some slight urge, and I am sure that if I continue to drink then I will reach the point that I really have to pee in the next couple of hours."

Fiona: "Good to hear, mission control will ask you about your bladder status from time to time."

Jessie: "Haha I see! Great, really looking forward to taking a huge pee in my space suit for the first time!"

Fiona: "Great! We hope that you will enjoy it!"

After completing the dress up, Fiona wished Jessie a successful test as well as a good pee. Then Jessie entered the simulator and climbed into her seat. By now she could definitively feel a slight urge to go. Her colleagues of course asked her again about her bladder. "So how do you feel now, do you already have to pee?". And Jessie answered: "Yeah, a tiny little bit, but I am sure that I can wait for a couple of hours longer". Pilot James said: "Of course we will be slightly disappointed if you cannot hold your pee this time and just go into your diaper like a little girl!" All the crew was in good mood and laughed about this. Jessie replied also jokingly: "Of course I could hold it. But that's not the point of today. Today we have two objectives: first, to dock to the ISS, and second, to take the biggest piss ever in a spaceship simulator." Everybody was laughing, and James replied: "Yes, true. At least for the second part I am sure that this will be no problem!".

They went through the pre-test procedure, and the last step before starting the test was a communication between mission control and Jessie:

Flight director: "So Jessie, did you already pee?"

Jessie: "Negative"

Flight director: "OK. Do you already have to pee?"

Jessie: "A tiny little bit, but I will wait if that's OK?"

Flight director: "Sure. Then please keep drinking more liquids, but of course don't overdo it. We will ask you roughly every 30 minutes about your bladder status, but if you have to go then you can of course just go anytime you want."

Jessie: "OK. Understood."

Flight director: "Great. Then I wish you all a successful test!".

The test started, and for the first twentyfive minutes the crew went through procedures to check the status of a number of systems of the spacecraft. All systems were working without any problems. After this phase was completed, mission control talked to Jessie:

Flight director: "Wow, Jessy, we see that you already drank 1.5 liters since the test started!? You really want to go for the biggest piss ever I guess?! So how do you feel, are you bursting already?"

Jessie: "Negative. I still feel pretty comfortable."

Flight director: "OK. Great, but then for the next hour please slow down a little bit with drinking these large amounts of liquids, you are already really well hydrated, we don't want to overdo it."

Jessie: "OK. Understood. I will continue to drink, but at a much slower pace if that's ok?"

Flight director: "OK. Yes this is good."

For the next half hour the spacecraft performed the first maneuvers to approach the ISS. Everything was working perfectly, as in the test three days ago.

About 65 minutes into the test, the flight director again asked Jessie:

Flight director: "Jessie, bladder status?"

Jessie: "Still comfortable."

Flight director: "OK, Understood. Wow.. then I guess we still have to wait a bit longer for the biggest piss ever."

By now Jessie's gigantic bladder was bulging massively out of her belly, and she could definitively feel some need to go. However, she still was really enjoying all the attention for her bladder, and therefore she wanted to wait a bit longer, to continue this "biggest piss ever" story for another hour or so.

The next thirty minutes of the test were again rather uneventful, everything went perfectly. Jessie's bladder started to fill at a higher pace, and she was getting a little bit desperate. By now she was really looking forward to taking her piss. However, she thought that she will continue to play her infinite bladder game for another half hour. So 91 minutes into the test:

Flight director: "Jessie, how is your bladder, are you bursting to go now?"

Jessie: "Negative. But by now I am starting to get a little bit desperate."

Flight director: "What? After only drinking 4.5 liters of liquids? Of course we are all slightly disappointed if you don't make it through the full test without peeing! OK, now seriously: do you want to urinate now?"

Jessie: "Negative. I can still hold it for much longer. Maybe in 30 or 60 minutes I'll really have to go."

Flight director: "OK. Very good. However, if you notice that you cannot hold it anymore, then please just go anytime!".

Jessie: "OK. Understood!"

However, Jessie was determined to not just pee unobserved by the others. Her plan was to announce in half an hour that by now she was ready to take the biggest piss ever, and then to celebrate her gigantic urination with the attention of the whole crew as well as mission control. Thinking about this made her feel really horny. She was now feeling quite desperate. It was a long time ago that her bladder felt so very full. Due to the vast amounts of consumed liquids her bladder continued to fill at a rapid pace. So she was really looking foward to the time point in half an hour when she could finally relieve herself.

However, things should come differently. 107 minutes into the test, Jessie was feeling pretty uncomfortable, and she was slightly wiggling into her seat, unnoticed by the others. She was really counting down the minutes until the next call out from the flight director where she would finally announce her pee. Then, an alarm went off. It was the first simulated problem during this test. The sensor readings for one of the boosters showed a problem. For the next twenty minutes, the pilot had to manually reconfigure the sensors for this booster, together with flight control. Because they were really busy, there was of course no time for Jessie's bladder check. 

She was getting more and more desperate. She could not really remember that she was in a state like this before, feeling really desperate, and with her bladder filling at a very fast rate due to the huge amounts of consumed liquids. Still, she really wanted to wait for the next bladder check to announce her pee and not just go unobserved. 129 minutes into the test, the problems were resolved and the sensors reconfigured. The crew was waiting for the next maneuver that would start in ten minutes. By now Jessie was super desperate and squirming around. She felt slightly angry about mission control who had for the moment forgotten about her bladder. She was now really at the bursting point, wiggling in her seat, and praying that mission control would soon remember her and her balloon-sized bladder. She was more than happy when three minutes later the flight director finally remembered and asked about her bladder:

Flight director: "Ah, we nearly forgot! Jessie, did you already pee by now?"

Jessie: "Negative."

Flight director: "Understood. Do you feel desperate by now?"

Jessie: "YES. By now my bladder is really full and I am looking forward to taking my first piss in a space suit."

Flight director: "Great! We are also looking forward to this moment! Do you want to go right now?"

Jessie: "Yes, if that's ok?"

Flight director: "Sure, whenever you want."

Jessie's mood changed from one moment to the other. She was again super happy and felt extremely horny, everything went exactly as she wanted. She could now take her gigantic piss and celebrate her huge bladder, and the crew as well as the whole team would notice. She was also super desperate at this point, and therefore she did not wait any longer but tried to empty her bladder immediately. She had no problem to get started, and after five seconds after the last call of the flight director she started to piss. She started to pee with a pee stream that for her standards was very weak, probably due to the uncommon position. However, it felt so great to finally let it out.

Jessie moaned: "Aaahhhhhh!!"

The other crew members cheered: "Yes, finally!", "Go Jessie, go!", "Yeah girl, go for the world record!"

The flight director asked: "Jessie, are you finally urinating?"

Jessie: "Oh yessss!!"

Flight director: "Great! Do you want to comment on how it feels to go into your space suit?"

Jessie: "Uh, sure, it.. uh, really feels amazing!"

Then, Jessie finally could fully relax, and her pee stream went from "normal" to "massive".

*PSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHH*

Flight control: "Comms? We do have some noise in the.."

Commander Samantha Dryer (sitting next to Jessie): "Flight control, no this is just Jessie urinating, I guess.."

Flight control: "Uhm ok, wow! Usually we do not hear when astronauts are urinating. Jessie can you confirm this?"

Jessie (obviously having some trouble to articulate her words, because she is focussed so much on taking her massive piss): "uh, Yes, uh - this is just, uh - me urinating.. uh - Should I try to stop?"

Flight control: "No no! All good, please just keep going!"

*PSSSHHHHHHHHH* (continuously, without any interruptions)

Samantha, to Jessie: "OK, sounds like you were not kidding with the world record pee.."

Jessie laughed shyly as a reaction and kept on peeing like crazy.

Jessie really felt like in heaven. She let out the biggest pee of her life, and definitively the biggest pee ever taken in a spacecraft simulator, and her crew as well as the whole team was listening. She felt so much relief, and she also felt super horny because her incredibly huge piss got so much attention. For the first fifteen seconds of her pee, she did not have any control over her pee stream and was just gushing out pee at an incredible rate. After this, after she got rid of the biggest need to pee, she somewhat regained control over her bladder. She tried to slow down the pee a little bit, such that it was still audible for everyone, but with the aim to prolong her urination a bit.

For the next thirty seconds it was just Jessie gushing out enormous amounts of pee, interrupted only by some comments of her amazed crew members, like; "Holy fuck, sounds like it was really serious", or "OK, I feel like I have the smallest bladder in the world compared to this", or "wow, now I have to pee too."

But the crew as well as flight control was mainly just listening to Jessie releasing incredible amounts of pee.

*PSSSHHHHHHHHH* (still continuously, without any interruptions)

45 seconds into her pee, flight control asked again:

Flight control: "Jessie, any status update? We can hear that you are still urinating?"

Jessie: "Positive. I am still urinating, as you know my bladder was very very full.. Should I try to stop?"

Flight control: "No no. Please just continue until you are completely done!"

Jessie: "Great! Then I will continue. This will take some time, my bladder still feels pretty full."

*PSSSHHHHHHHHH* (still continuously, without any interruptions)

Flight control: "Understood. Very good, amazing, I see, we are really going for the world record pee here!"

Jessie decided to spice up her peeing show again a little bit with some more moaning:

"ahhhh! It really feels so great to let it all out!"

Jessie continued to pee, and the crew as well as flight control continued to listen. Her crew members, still listening in awe and amazement, began again to make some comments.

*PSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH*

Nathalie: "So cool! Dr. Lewis, astronaut and peeing world champion!"

Samantha: "Yes girl, keep going! What an honor, the biggest piss ever takes place 30 cm next to me!"

Chris to Samantha: "Haha oh oh.. I'd be slightly worried, let's hope that you will not get wet!"

Everybody was laughing, and Jessie continued with her epic urination. Jessie felt super horny and excited about the situation. She also had regained full control over her pee stream. She further reduced her outflow rate to further prolong her pee.

*pssshhhhhh*

70 seconds into the massive stream, all members of the crew were laughing and continuing to comment on the situation.

Samantha: "Haha damn!! Wow, you are really going for it!"

Nathalie: "Haha this is just crazy. You are a very good girl! I bet this feels amazing!"

*pssshhhhhhhh*

Samantha: "What's going on? Your pee stream already seems to get weaker? Are you done already?"

Jessie was just deliberatly peeing at a slower pace. Her bladder was still about 25 percent full, and she knew that at this slower pace she could pee for at least one more minute.

Jessie: "Haha nah.. Don't worry, I still have a ton of pee left in my bladder!"

*psssshhhhhhh*

Chris to Samantha: "Haha believe in Jessie's bladder!"

*pssshhhhhhh*

Everybody was now focused on listening to Jessie's slowed down pee stream that was still clearly audible.

Nobody was talking for the next 20 seconds, everybody was just listening, increasingly shocked by Jessie's bladder size.

Samantha: "Ok you were not kidding.. I think this is the craziest thing I ever witnessed. So you are STILL peeing?"

*psssshhhhhh*

Jessie: "Uhm, sure. There is still quite some pee left.."

*psssshhhhhh*

Again for the next twenty seconds nobody was talking. Jessie then jokingly started to whistle away, to break the silence again.

All crew members burst into laughter.

Chris: "Haha Jessie still doing what she is best at!"

Nathalie could not stop laughing, she was literally laughing tears: "Hahaha.. this is soo funny!"

Samantha: "Haha this is just insane.. Yeah I'm really getting a bit worried that we might drown during our mission if Jessie goes like this!.."

Flight control: "Jessie, are you really STILL urinating?"

*pssshhhhhhh*

Jessie: "Uhmm yes, as you can probably hear? Is this bad, should I try to stop now?"

Flight control: "Uhmm.. no no, please go ahead and empty your bladder completely. This is just pretty incredible."

Jessie: "OK. Understood!"

*pssshhhhh*

Fifteen seconds later, Jessie felt that her bladder was getting close to empty. She also felt, that for the last part of her pee she could not longer slow down her pee and that it would come out with maximum force.

*pssshhhhh*

Jessie (again moaning) : "Aaahhhh!! this was soooo good! I think my bladder is nearly empty"

Flight control: "Amazing! Very good job Jessie! We congratulate you to your first successful pee into your space sui.."

*PPPPPSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHH* (Jessie's stream going back to maximal force)

Flight control: "Uhhh, whut??"

Jessie (moaning slightly): "uuuhhhh!"

*PPPPPSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH*

All crew members immediately burst again into laughter.

Nathalie: "Ahahahahahahh!!! Jessie trolling flight control!!"

Jessie's final gusher of pee lasted for about ten seconds. Then she is finally done.

Jessie (moaning again): "Aahhhhhhh!! Soooo good!! Now I'm all done! This time for real!"

All members of the crew as well as in mission control were laughing tears. Her crew members started to applaud.

James: "Hahaha!! Already done? Jessie the astronaut with the tiny bladder!! Haha.."

Nathalie: "Ahahaha!!! Thank you Jessie for this epic pee show! This was the funniest thing in my life!!"

Flight control: "Congratulations Jessie! Amazing pee!"

Chris: "Congratulations Jessie, this was for sure the world record piss!! Haha!!.. Do you feel better now?"

Jessie: "Ah, yesss, I feel much better. Phew.. this was really a lot of pee, even for my standards.."

James: "Hahaha.. Samantha, are you still dry?"

Samantha: "Haha.. yes it seems, I don't know how, but it seems that I so far did not get any splashes of Jessie's pee.."

All of them continued to laugh about what they had just witnessed. Jessie felt super horny and happy, knowing that she had delivered the most spectacular peeing show of all time.

Samantha: "Jessie, how does your diaper feel, is there still room left for more pee??"

Jessie: "Haha I have no idea.. I have to say it feels a bit different compared to with a dry diaper, there is some moisture, but I guess this is hard to avoid if you release this amount of urine into a diaper.."

Flight control: "Yes Jessie, there is so far nothing to worry about your diaper. However, because of the extraordinarity of events we will double check with the experts and then come back to you with further information about your urine containment situation."

Jessie: "OK. Understood. Thanks for double checking."

After this episode of epic urination the situation went back to mostly normal and the crew continued with the next maneuver to approach the ISS. This was still interrupted a couple of times by comments on Jessie's peeing abilities, like "For the next burn, we could save some fuel and just let Jessie pee into the right direction?" and similar. Jessie felt very happy, relieved and relaxed, for the moment..

*003*2022-02-28 23:52

I have written a part 3.. The thing is, the story gets a bit complicated. Also, this part does not yet contain any peeing, but the buildup to another epic pee by Jessie. In addition to that, Jessie's super bladder comes into the center of NASA's attention and there is a lot of discussion about the topic on all levels.. 😉

The Jessie Lewis situation - Part 3

People:

Dr. Joanna Meyers (age 48): Physician at Cape Canaveral. One of the physicians supervising the astronauts during missions.

Dr. Natasha Wright (age 36, MD PhD): Medical doctor that worked first in urology but was always fascinated by space flight. Natasha does have a slight pee fetish, i.e. she likes to talk about pee and enjoys to research everything about urination. She also likes to watch women pee, in particular when they urinate large amounts. She was part of the team that 2.5 years ago had to redesign the urine containment system for Sophie Robinson's 1.2 liter bladder. Due to the Strahler law, Sophie's bladder would produce too much urine during some of the phases where the astronauts had to stay suited up. 

They changed the original design to increase the capacity from 2.0 liters to 2.6 liters, such that the diaper could safely contain the required amounts of urine. Natasha really enjoyed this project, as it involved a number of huge test urinations of Sophie to test the improved diaper designs that Natasha could observe. However, Natasha would soon find out that Sophie's huge bladder was nothing in comparison to Jessie's epic super bladder. To gather as much data as possible from Sophie's test urinations, she and her team had developed a test bench to optimally record the test urinations and monitor the behavior of the urine containment system, with the aim to examine potential modes of failure of the system.

Dr. Hayley Johnson (age 33): Computer scientist and engineer in Natasha's team. She joined Natasha's team three years ago. She contributed to the development of various parts of the urine containment system test bench. She is also an expert for physics simulations, fluid dynamics, as well as image processing. Currently she is working on several collaborations together with Prof. Strahler's lab in Freiburg, Germany.

Jessie realized something that she so far did not think about. She was so focused on preparing her epic first piss in a space suit, that she did not really think about the rest of the mission. With the huge amounts of liquids she had consumed (close to five liters by now), and the remaining mission time of over 4 hours, she would most likely have to pee again. She got a bit worried about this, because she was not sure if her diaper was really designed to contain so many liters of urine. She thought, that in the worst case she would overflow her diaper and then continue to pee into her space suit. Therefore she was really curious to find out what mission control was discussing with the "experts" about her "urine containment situation".

At mission control this problem was recognized as well. Suit technician Fiona Smith, who is also part of mission control, and had observed all of Jessie's epic urination was asked to contact the experts and to further evaluate the situation. She contacted one of the physicians (Dr. Joanna Meyers) as well as one of the Cape Canaveral urine containment experts, Dr. Natasha Wright.

Fiona calling Dr. Natasha Wright

Natasha: "Hello?"

Fiona: "Hello Natasha, this is Fiona Smith from the mission control team of NGSS-1"

Natasha: "Hello Fiona, um.. how can I help?"

Fiona: "umm.. are you busy right now or can you free some time for the next couple of hours?"

Natasha: "umm.. yes, I guess.. If it is something important and urgent then of course I can help."

Fiona: "Yes, it is rather important and um.. - urgent. Can you start heading towards the the mission simulator center and call me back when you are on the way?"

Natasha: "Sure, is it ok if I tell my colleagues that I am away, then I'll be on my way in three minutes?"

Fiona: Yes, perfect!

Fiona then told her co-worker to also contact physician Joanna Meyers.

Natasha was really confused by Fiona's call and with the given information could not make too much sense of the situation. However, she felt quite excited, as probably there was some situation involving urination and she was looking forward to find out what was really going on. Natasha had drank several coffees this morning and did not go to the restroom for a long time, so she did feel some need to pee. She thought about going before leaving for the simulator center, but decided against it, because she promised to call back in a couple of minutes and did not want to lose any time.

Natasha walked to her car at a fast pace and started to drive towards the simulator center. It was a couple of minutes to drive from the labs where she was working. She called Fiona back:

Fiona: "Hi Natasha, great that you could make it so fast!"

Natasha: "Of course, no problem. Now do you want to explain to me what this situation is about?"

Fiona: "Sure! So, uhm.. I guess you remember Sophie Robinson's bladder very well."

Natasha instantly got very excited and immediately felt slightly horny. This was exactly what she wanted to hear.

Natasha: "Haha yes, of course.."

Fiona: "Uhmm.. well you did a great engineering job when developing Sophie's diaper, but it seems that we may have to rethink.."

Natasha now feeling very very excited about this development and very curious to hear the full story.

Natasha: "Uhm OK, then can you please explain what the issue is?"

Fiona: "Sure. So, it seems that one of our female astronauts has a bladder that is much much bigger than Sophie's".

Natasha now feeling super horny to hear this. She of course knew the astronauts of NGSS-1 quite well and immediately wondered who the girl with the super bladder was. She was super excited that she would probably be able to observe gigantic urinations of one of the very attractive female astronauts of this mission. Because Samantha was the tallest, her first guess was Samantha.

Natasha: "Wow!! Sounds interesting, much bigger than Sophies? Oh my fucking god.. Who is the astronaut with the super bladder, Samantha?"

Fiona: "No. Jessie."

Natasha (thinking about how attractive Jessie was, how exciting the whole situation was, and imagining Jessie urinating huge amounts): "Ah interesing, Jessie. Wow, very nice.." (speaking her mind out aloud)

Fiona: "uh what?"

Natasha (trying to regain her professionality): "uhm I mean, understood, this sounds challenging. I'm curious to hear the full story and am looking forward to work on this apparently challenging new problem."

Fiona: "Very good. So long story short, three days ago in the 6 hour ISS approach simulation Jessie drank over three liters of liquids and never peed."

Natasha: "Uhmm.. ok, wow!"

Fiona: "So today we are in one of the 6+ hour ISS approach tests that include some simulated problems. Because we found out that Jessie so far never had peed into her space suit, we made sure that she would really have to go this time."

Natasha's face flushed red from excitement and hornyness, she realized that this was maybe the hottest thing that she had ever experienced.

Natasha: "Uhm ok. And did it work, did she eventually pee?"

Fiona: "Uhmm.. yes, one could say so.. After drinking five liters over 4.5 hours she peed like probably no human being ever peed before and nearly flooded the whole spacecraft."

This was too much to handle for Natasha. She took her right hand and started to rub her clit through her pants while driving.

Natasha (trying to hide that she was breathing heavily from excitement): "uhmm.. ooh.. I.. uhh.. OK. Wow! Thanks for the update. uhh.. ooooh.. Then I'll be there as fast as possible!".

Fiona: "OK. Very good. Then we will continue to talk when you are here. We will have to take some decisions on how to continue with this test soon, also regarding the urine containment situation."

Natasha: "Sure, ooh.. I'm on my way, uhh.. I will be there in five minutes."

Fiona: "Great, thanks! Just come to the simulator center main entrance, someone will pick you up there."

Natasha: "Great! Then see you in a second!"

Luckily for Natasha the street towards the simulator center was completely straight and empty, so after ending the call she could focus on masturbating. She was as horny and excited as maybe never before in her life. She thought about the near future, that probably in the remainder of this day and in the next couple of months there would be so many exciting situations involving massive urination of super hot astronaut Jessie Lewis. While thinking about the rest of the day, as well as imagining what exactly happened earlier when Jessie peed in the simulator, she came really hard, twice, on her way to the simulator center. After that she felt much better, it helped her a lot to calm her down to be able to handle the upcoming situations professionally.

The astronauts of mission NGSS-1 were now about 150 minutes into their 6+ hours ISS docking simulation. Natasha parked her car, took some heavy breaths of air to calm herself down for the moment, and then started walking towards the main entrace of the simulator center. She was picked up and then immediately sent to talk to suit technician Fiona Smith.

Fiona: "Ah, very good. Hi Natasha, great that you could make it so fast!"

Natasha: "Hi Fiona, yes I guess that is my job to help with these kinds of "urgent" situations.."

Fiona: "Sure! So, here is the situation. We asked Jessie to drink 2 liters of liquids 1.5 hours before the test. Then the test started, and she continued to drink over 2.5 additional liters over the first two hours."

Natasha: "OK wow, that will seriously fill up your bladder for sure.."

Fiona: "Yes.. The thing is, Jessie apparently has a ridiculously large bladder."

Of course Natasha had learnt this before, but hearing it again made her blush slightly and increase her heart rate significantly. However, this time she was able to keep everything professional and keep all thoughts about watching sexy astronaut Jessie Lewis urinating like crazy away for the moment.

Natasha: "OK, this of course might be a rather serious problem for NGSS-1. Can you specify ridiculously large more precisely?"

Fiona: "132 minutes into the test, she decided that she felt rather desperate and wanted to take her first pee into her space suit."

Natasha: "OK. You are saying that Jessie really held it for over four hours while drinking several liters of liquids?? Holy crap, "fuck me sideways" is the only thing that I can say about this."

Fiona: "Yes. We also have some rather spectacular footage from her urination, maybe you should take a look at it afterwards."

Natasha (pretending to be partially joking): "Yes!! I really want to see that spectacular super piss!"

Natasha: "Do we have some estimate about how much pee she voided during her mega urination?"

Fiona: "Based on some rather conservative estimates about her hydration state before starting to consume liquids, and conservative estimates on her urine production rate, around 1.9 liters. But it could be more."

Natasha: "Hmm.. I see. If the Strahler law holds for bladder sizes up to that size, then we have a very serious problem.."

[Reminder from part 1: the Strahler law describes the rate at which kidneys produce urine in female astronauts under zero gravity as a function of bladder size. For details see part 1]

Fiona: "Yes. Do you think that there is some hope that the urine production rate at some point stops increasing?"

Natasha: "Yes, absolutely, we can really hope for this. Actually, we saw this already for Sophie Robinson, if you analyze the data correctly, then luckily for bladder sizes above around 900 ml it seems that there is a much smaller increase in urine production rate, certainly not quadratic anymore, probably sublinear. This is also not surprising, because we are also not that far away from the maximal urine production rate that kidneys can have on earth, under superhydration conditions."

Fiona: "Interesting. So this means, assuming that we, say optimistically, only have a 25% higher urine production rate in Jessie compared to Sophie, we, that means mainly you, would have to increase the diaper capacity from 2.6 liters to around 3.25 liters?"

Natasha: "Hmm.. It is more complicated. There are a number of additional points: Sophie is quite a bit taller than Jessie, Jessie has a smaller suit size and also smaller diapers. The diaper that she is currently wearing has only a capacity for 2.4 liters of urine."

Fiona: "Haha! This is cool! Our peeing world champion girl got the small diaper!"

Natasha: "Haha yes.. this was due to engineering decisions, all female diapers were upgraded to the new design, and their capacity scales with size. However, we can certainly increase this to 2.6 liters. To go far over this, e.g. to go over 3 liters we have to invent some new technology, but I'm sure that we will be able to do this. Six months is not a lot of time, but we will get there."

Natasha: "However, there is an additional problem.. The longest period where Jessie has to wear a space suit is not the ISS approach of 6 to 7 hours. Her spacewalk missions are planned to be around 7 hours + around 1 hour of preparation phase."

Fiona: "Uhm OK.. I see."

Natasha: "However.. if the increase of urine production rate as we hope for is strongly sublinear above one liter bladder size, then this may give us some additional wiggle room.."

Fiona: "You mean, because Jessie has this incredibly large bladder, she can just hold a lot pee towards the end of her time suited up?"

Natasha: "Exactly.. Poor Jessie will be bursting to go when she reenters ISS, but at least she did not overflow her urine containment system."

Fiona: "Hmm.. I don't know if this is really possible. Probably it is difficult to perform non-trivial maintenance tasks outside of the ISS while being desperate to pee."

Natasha: "True. Hmm we will see."

Natasha: "OK. All these things are still to be discussed later. Let's get back to our super-hydrated Jessie that is currently sitting inside the simulator, after taking the biggest piss ever, with a urine containment system filled to over 75% capacity and a rapidly refilling super bladder."

Fiona: "Yes. Do you have any suggestions on how to proceed?"

Natasha: "So because there are only 6 months left, and because this is really a mission-critical problem, I think that we have to throw some of the standard procedures over board.."

Fiona: "I don't exactly know what you are talking about, but I am sure that mission control and our bosses are cooperative, they do understand that this is a serious issue."

Natasha: "What I mean is, that what helped most when developing Sophia's diaper was data about realistic failure modes of the urine containment system. We should try to get as much data as possible, we still have the equipment for our urine containment system test bench. Best in my opinion would be to start today, with Jessie making her urine containment system explode on our test bench."

(Natasha said this 100% out of professional need. This is really the data that she and her team require most for improving their systems. However, Natasha also got (again) seriously wet when thinking about the described scenario.)

Fiona: "Hmm I see. Sounds reasonable. Is your pee pee test bench portable, i.e. can you transport it to the simulator center?"

Natasha: "Yes, I guess this should be no problem. We anyway first have to reassemble it."

Fiona: "How long does this take? Can Jessie hold it until your test bench is ready?"

Natasha: "Hmm.. yes I guess we will see.. It should not take that long to set it up and to configure, maybe 1.5 hours for my team. However, it was nearly three years ago that we last had to set it up, so I don't really know."

Fiona: "OK. Then we should initiate this as soon as possible."

Natasha: "Yes, I will do this in a second. Next we have to decide on how to proceed with Jessie right now."

Fiona: "Yes.. So of course we told her to stop drinking for the moment, but probably this will not help that much, as she is already very well hydrated."

Natasha: "Yes.. And I also guess that we have to get her out of the simulator at some point, because I cannot really imagine that she makes it through her full test without taking a pee?"

Fiona: "Haha after seeing her pee earlier I think that she might be able to manage. But you are right, we should not try this. It is of course against a couple of regulations and in theory she has to complete this training, but as I said, people are usually really constructive when it is about mission critical issues. So I think we can get her out of the simulator after you have set up your test bench."

Natasha: "OK. Sounds like a plan. Then I will tell my team to set up and configure our urine containment system test bench in your dress up room as fast as possible, and you talk to mission control to get Jessie out of the simulator when we are ready here?"

Fiona: "Yes. Very good. Let's proceed like this. Let's talk again after I talked to my boss, and after you contacted your team?"

Nathasha: "Very good. I guess if Jessie's bladder is far over 1.5 liters, and if her kidneys are operating at rate normal for slight superhydration, then we might have two hours left until she's due for her next super pee?"

Fiona: "Hmm.. might be, might also be less, I don't know.. but anyway we should work as fast as possible, just in case."

It was now 163 minutes into the test, i.e. about thirty minutes after Jessie finished her epic pee.

Natasha immediately contacted her team and told them to drop everything and then to fetch all the parts necessary for the urine containment system test bench, and transport all the parts to the dress up room of the simulator center, as fast as possible.

In the meantime, Fiona managed to talk to simulator test supervisor Stephen Mitchell and convinced him about the urgency of the problem. It was decided to perform a five minute halt before the next maneuver in the docking simulation, such that Fiona had time to discuss with the flight director directly.

After this discussion, flight director Tim Spencer had understood and tried to summarize:

Flight director : "So, for the moment we just continue to monitor Jessie's bladder status and tell her, that she should inform us in case that she wants to urinate? And as soon as Jessie is bursting to pee again, we get her out of the simulator? And then, if Dr. Wright is fast enough with setting up her high tech pee bench, we put Jessie there and tell her that she can just let it rip with the aim to explode her way too small NASA high tech diaper in a controlled test setting?"

Fiona: "Uhm.. yes exactly, this is pretty much our plan right now."

Flight director : "Hmm.. OK, I guess we can try this.. Yeah, pretty much a normal day in the office, I guess.."

Fiona: "Haha.. yes.. maybe a normal day in the simulator center with a super-hydrated Jessie Lewis inside the simulator.."

Flight director : "Yes.. OK, then I will inform Jessie that she should inform us about her bladder status and let's hope that Natasha is fast enough. Great, thanks for handling the situation, Fiona."

Fiona: "Great. Thanks too, for your time and flexibility."

It was now 175 minutes into the test, i.e. about forty minutes after Jessie finished her epic pee.

The crew of mission NGSS-1 had just succesfully executed the next maneuver on their simulated travel to the ISS. Jessie still felt very relieved from her pee. However, she did notice that her bladder was starting to fill again, even though she did not yet feel any need to pee. She was slightly worried while thinking about her bladder situation for the rest of the mission, and she hoped that mission control could resolve all potential issues with her urine containment system.

Just after completing the maneuver, the crew was informed by flight control that there was a five minute halt before continuing with the next maneuver. Jessie was not particularly happy about this right now, as she kind of wanted to hold her pee until the end of the mission, despite the fact that this was probably nearly impossible due to the large amounts of liquid that she had already consumed. Surely, these extra five minutes would not help.

After the five minute halt, there was another two minutes halt to inform Jessie and the rest of the crew about the new situation:

Flight control: "Jessie, our experts did notice some minor issue with your urine containment system. But it is nothing serious at all."

Jessie: "OK. So what does that mean?"

Flight control: "We will continue to ask you about the state of your bladder from time to time. Also, in case that you feel that you want to urinate, could you try to inform us a couple of minutes in advance before you go, such that our technicians can take some extra measures?"

Jessie: "OK. Sure, copy that. You will ask me from time to time if I have to urinate, and in case that I want to urinate I will inform you a couple of minutes prior to urination?"

Flight control: "Yes, exactly."

Jessie: "OK. Very good. Would it help if I just hold my pee until the end of the mission?"

Flight control: "Uhm.. No, there is absolutely no need for that, we can let you urinate if you need to, just please tell us beforehand. By now we know that you have an incredibly large bladder, but due to your large prior liquid intake it would be probably even for you very unpleasant to suppress urination until the end of the mission."

Jessie: "OK. Understood."

Jessie felt somewhat better after this exchange with flight control. She was obviously wondering about what exactly was the problem and what they actually planned to do prior to her next urination, but at least she knew that they were working on something to resolve potential issues.

Her crew members still enjoyed the Jessie Lewis super bladder topic very much and were back to making jokes about the situation:

Natasha: "So maybe Jessie's mega bladder is too much too handle for a NASA high tech diaper?"

James: "Yeah, it seems like. I wonder what they will do prior to your next mega piss?"

Chris: "Maybe they will equip us with some umbrellas, such that we can stay somewhat dry despite being in the splash zone of Jessie's exploding diaper?"

Everybody was laughing, the topic was just really funny and it was kind of hard to talk seriously about it, despite the importance of the simulation that they were currently in.

Jessie replid: "Haha.. yeah you know, maybe I'll just hold my pee pee until the end of the mission, if my super high tech diaper is not able to handle the - uhmm.. magnitude of my urination."

After this, the crew had to focus again, because they had to perform the next maneuver.

Meanwhile, Natasha's team ran into some problem. They found out that the test bench equipment was stored in a restricted storage area, and only Natasha had clearance to access this. They immediately contacted Natasha:

Natasha: "Hey! What's up?"

Hayley: "We have a problem, the test bench is stored in SLA-442-B, and we do not have clearance to access it. We need you to get it for us.."

Natasha: "Oh fuck.. true. I forgot about this. Sure, I'll be there in a second.."

(and Natasha started to walk towards the exit of the simulator center)

Natasha: "Do you have a pickup truck ready and enough people to transport all the equipment into the truck?"

Hayley: "Yes, everything's ready, we just have to get the clearance."

Natasha: "Great! I'm on my way and will be there in at most ten minutes."

Natasha realized, that this would add quite some extra time that was not anticipated. She got slightly worried that it could get really close with installing the test bench in time for Jessie's next piss, but she wanted to try everything to make it work. When driving to the storage location, she did not care for the speed limit, but just wanted to get there as fast as possible. Natasha arrived there 9 minutes later at 181 minutes into the test. When she requested access to the storage, there was the next bad surprise. She learnt, that according to NASA regulations it was only allowed to set the equipment up in its original location. Meaning, they had to change their plan to set up the test bench directly in the simulator, close to Jessie's soon to be super full bladder.

Natasha to Hayley: "Hmm oh fuck.. do we have space left in our lab D4?" (D4 was the original location where it was originally set up, two years ago)

Hayley: "Hmm.. yes I'm sure we can free enough space, it will take some extra time probably."

Natasha: "OK. I see. Then let's just do it this way."

Natasha's team then started to get the equipment and load it into the pickup truck.

Meanwhile, Natasha called Fiona:

Luckily, Fiona had just finished talking to the flight director.

Fiona: "Hey Natasha?"

Natasha: "Hi Fiona, you have a second?"

Fiona: "Yes. Is there some issue?"

Natasha: "Yes kind of. We just learnt from NASA that we are not allowed to set up the test bench in the simulator center, but we have to set it up in it's original location. At least for now."

Fiona: "Hmm.. ok.. then I guess you set it up there, and we transport our bursting Jessie over to your site?"

Natasha: "Yes I guess this is what we should do. Anyway, we can discuss the details later, we will start setting up the system in our lab, OK?"

Fiona: "Yes, I guess this is fine. So to bring Jessie after leaving the simulator over to your site will take about 15 minutes I guess?"

Natasha: "Yes, that sounds about right. Let's hope that Jessie will make it, but I heard she has a rather strong bladder."

Fiona: "Yes. Anyway, I'll talk again to the flight director, he should tell Jessie that she should plan for some extra time before she can actually pee."

Natasha: "OK. Very good. Yes I think we will somehow manage to get Jessie to tinkle on our test bench to get the data of her exploding diaper."

Fiona: "Yes. Very good."

Natasha and her team then continued with the transport of their equipment to it's original location, the laboratory D4 inside their building.

Fiona again contacted the simulator test supervisor Stephen Mitchell. She instructed him, to message the flight director, that he should tell Jessie, that she should plan some extra 20 minutes when announcing her desire to urinate. Then, after the crew had performed their next successful maneuver, the flight director again contacted Jessie. It was now 191 minutes into the test, i.e. 54 minutes after Jessie's epic pee.

Flight director: "Jessie, how is you bladder situation? Do you feel any need to urinate?"

Jessie: "Negative."

Fight director: "OK. Understood. I do have some extra instruction for you. We will have to go through a special procedure prior to your urination that will take around twenty minutes. Therefore, please tell us twenty minutes before you plan to urinate, that you want to urinate. Understood?"

Jessie: "OK. I will do that. Can you explain what kind of technical procedure this is?"

Flight director: "Uhmm.. uh.. at the moment we are still working on the exact procedure, I cannot exactly tell you at the moment, but I will inform you when I know more."

Jessie: "OK. Understood. Thanks. Sounds mysterious!"

Jessie was obviuosly still rather confused by what this call from the flight director could actually mean for her. She could not really think of any procedures that might be necessary to prepare for taking a piss. She was really curious to find out, but for the moment she did not really care about this topic. She anyway still considered the option to just not urinate for the rest of the mission.

It was now 198 minutes into the test, i.e. 63 minutes after Jessie's epic pee.

Natasha's team was very efficient at transporting all the material to their site. It took them only fifteen minutes to transport all the parts into lab D4. They also already had reshuffled eqiupment in the lab to free space for the assembly of their high tech test stand.

Natasha: "Great! Let's transform D4 back into the Piss Lab!"

Hayley: "Haha yes! Back to the good old times, a lot of urine was released in this lab, 2.5 years ago!"

Natasha: "Yes. However, it seems that our super bladder Jessie will redefine the meaning of a lot of urine."

Hayley: "Haha, OK, really, is that so? I'm curious to find out later!"

The urine containment system test bench consisted of a small 1.5 x 1.5 meter platform in the center with several metal constructions around it. Several cameras and other sensors (3d scanners and similar) were then attached to the metal constructions. In addition to that, the current urine containment systems contained some built-in telemetry that could be connected to the test bench and generated data about it's state.

Her team was already assembling the stage and the additional constructions. Assembling the system was not so difficult, Natasha was rather a bit worried about configuring all the devices, performing calibration, and setting up the software system that controlled the test bench. While her team was setting up the test bench hardware, she started to work on the computer to set up the software.

By now, physician Dr. Joanna Meyers had arrived at the simulator center. Fiona updated Joanna on the situation and on their plan for the next steps. They were confident that everything should work out without any problems, and that they only had to organize a smooth transfer of Jessie with her potentially super-full bladder, while she was still wearing her urine containment system, from the simulator to the by then hopefully configured test bench located in the D4 piss lab. It was decided that Jessie after leaving the simulator should remove the upper part of her space suit, but keep on the lower part for the transport to the D4 lab. Fiona and Joanna would join Jessie.

After arrival at the D4 lab, Fiona would help Jessie to get rid of the remaining parts of her space suit, then Natasha's team would set up everything for the test, i.e. mainly connect Jessie's urine containment system to their telemetry system and adjust the sensors and cameras correctly. Then, everything would be ready for Jessie's next large-scale urination, this time destined to end up in quite a mess on their test stand. For the transport of Jessie after leaving the simulator, Jessie would have to walk about 30 meters through the simulator center to a delivery entrance. There, the three women would enter a Van that then should transport all of them to the delivery entrance closest to the D4 lab. The D4 lab was located on the second floor. To reach the D4 lab, Jessie then would have to walk only a couple of meters to the elevator, and afterwards walk about 15 meters to enter the D4 piss lab where they then would continue with the procedure.

Fiona and Joanna were quite happy with their plan and looking forward to the execution. Now they only had to hope for, that Natasha's team was fast enough to set up and configure their test bench, before Jessie lost control over her rapidly filling super bladder..

