Misson to the ISS - The Astronaut with the Super Bladder

Author: HitEmAll

*006*2022-03-01 20:02

There is more.. 🙂 NASA regulations make the situation a bit more complicated for Jessie and her rapidly filling super bladder..

The Jessie Lewis situation - Part 4

It was now 213 minutes into the simulator test. The crew of NGSS-1 had just completed the next successful maneuver on their simulated way to docking the ISS. The flight manager asked Jessie again about the state of her bladder.

Flight control: "Jessie, do you feel any urge to urinate?"

Jessie: "Negative, right now I can feel that my bladder is filling, but I do not feel the slightest urge to urinate. I am pretty sure that I can hold it for several more hours."

Flight control: "OK. Understood. Very good. As before, please for the moment do not consume any more liquids, if possible. We think that you are hydrated enough for the mission."

Jessie: "OK. Understood. Yes, I think so too that I am well enough hydrated."

Jessie was still feeling very relaxed about her bladder. She knew that despite the large amount of liquids that she had consumed, it would take still several hours until she really needed to go.

It was now 215 minutes into the simulator test.

Suit technician Fiona who had just planned how to safely transfer Jessie from the simulator center to the piss lab D4 got a call from the simulator supervisor Stephen Mitchell.

Fiona: "Hello Stephen, what's up?"

Stephen: "Hi Fiona, uhm.. I am sorry, but it seems that we have to somewhat change our plans.."

Fiona: "Uhm, ok?"

Stephen: "I just tried to get permission for getting Jessie out of the simulator. NASA says that this is not possible, that this is one of the A+ tests that are in the highest priority class, and that all members of the crew have to finish this test, today. I tried to convince them that we have an engineering issue to solve, and that we potentially lose an important opportunity to generate data, if Jessie has to finish the test. But they replied that there is still enough time after this crucial test to resolve these issues."

Fiona: "Oof.. Hmm.. thanks for the update, and thanks for trying to convince them that it would be good to be flexible today. Hmm.. I guess I can understand their point, it really is one of the most important simulations.."

Stephen: "Yes, sure.. Hmm.. now the question is how to proceed.. I am not yet sure what kind of instructions and explanations the flight director now should exactly give to poor Jessie.."

Fiona: "Yes, this is a tricky one.. I mean I guess we have to tell Jessie that her urine containment system is soon filled to the brim and that her next pee will overflow it. If Jessie overflows her urine containment system, it will create quite a mess inside the simulator, but apart from soaking her crew members probably with a very significant amount of pee, this is not a serious problem for the simulated mission. The question is rather, whether there is still any possibility that Jessie could make it to the test bench after the test?

Stephen: "Yes, exactly, that's the question. Does your assembled team of experts for space urination have any estimates on how long it will take until Jessie's mega bladder is full again?"

Fiona: "Hmm not yet.. If it is OK, then I'll consult the experts in my team, and then in say fifteen minutes I'll call you back?"

Stephen: "Yes, I think this should be fine. For the moment we anyway cannot really influence anything. Right now, in case that Jessie suddenly wishes to urinate, then we can just tell her she can go.."

Fiona: "Yes, exactly. If there are experts in my team that think that it is possible that Jessie can suppress urination for the next four hours, then we can still decide if we want to tell Jessie that she might try to hold it?"

Stephen: "Yes, this might be an option. OK, sorry again for the negative news. Looking forward to hearing from you. Btw. one last question: in case that Jessie overflows, what will happen, where does the overflowing um.. liquids go? Just on the floor, or will she really um.. "soak her crew members", as you said?"

Fiona: "Uhm.. how should I explain this.. uhm.. The space suits actually have a very complicated overflow system, that is only active in the simulator. In the real mission it is not possible to use it. Apparently, there were a ton of design constraints, and as a consequence it has a rather.. um.. extravagant design. Short answer: yes, if Jessie again urinates large amounts, then her crew members will get seriously soaked by her.. um.. liquids".

Stephen: "Uhm.. ok, thanks for the information, very, um.. interesting.. Hmm.. I'm not sure, I think we should not tell this part to Jessie or the crew, at least for the moment.."

Fiona first informed physician Joanna about the new situation.

Joanna: "Oh my god.. poor Jessie.. hmm.. can you give me again the exact timeline, i.e. how much she drank at what time and when exactly she peed?.. maybe we can estimate if there is some chance that our Jessie with her super bladder will be able to make it to the end of the test.."

Joanna performd some rough calculation about Jessie's hydration status to estimate the time that they had left until her bladder was full. Her conclusion was, that due to the fact that Jessie probably already had released around to two liters of urine, together with the fact that astronauts also transpire a significant amount of liquids during this test, that Jessie probably would be not as super-hydrated currently as originally feared. So according to her calculation it was quite possible that Jessie had maybe three to four hours left until her bladder was full again.

Fiona: "Hmm.. the problem with this test is, that we do not even exactly know how long it takes until they finally dock to the ISS, due to the simulated problems. They are now 3.5 hours into the test. If they don't encounter any other problems they are currently on track for 6 hours and 10 minutes."

Joanna: "Then Jessie could really make it to the end. Hmm.. does the flight director of the simulation supervisor know how many problems they will still encounter?"

Fiona: "I don't think so. I think the specific scenario is somewhat randomly generated. It should be realistic for everybody. But I just remember something else: there are several relatively long 12 minute halts in the schedule, in between different maneuvers. In theory these are not necessary, so maybe we can ask the flight director if we can try to hurry up a bit with docking to the ISS?"

Joanna: "Yes this would be great! Haha this is funny, we hurry up with our approach to the ISS because one of our astronauts has to go to the restroom really really badly!"

Fiona: "Haha yes exactly! OK, then I'll first talk again to the simulator supervisor, give him the update that we think it is at least possible that Jessie can hold her pee until the end, and ask him if it is possible that the flight director speeds up the approach a little bit to save some time. Afterwards I'll update Natasha."

Joanna: "Sounds great!"

Fiona called the simulator supervisor back:

Stephen: "Hi Fiona, thanks for calling back, do you have some update?"

Fiona: "Yes. Good news is, we think it is absolutely possible that Jessie can hold it, at least if there is not too much extra time required."

Stephen: "OK. I understand. Yes, we do not know the number of simulated problems in advance. The scenarios are generated such that they should take inbetween 6.5 and 7.5 hours."

Fiona: "Yes I see. Hmm. 7.5 hours will be tough according to our estimations, I guess we have to wait and see. There is one additional thing that we thought about. There are several 12 minute halts in the schedule. Do you think we could shorten some of them a bit, to buy Jessie some extra time?"

Stephen: "Uhmm.. so there are indeed five 12 minute halts left.. This is in theory possible to shorten these, I can ask the flight director if he can do that."

Fiona: "Yes this would be great! Thank you very much for helping with this!"

Stephen: "Sure, no problem. Then, I guess the question is now, what do we tell Jessie? I guess we tell her the full story, that she of course can pee anytime if she has to, but that it would help us if she could hold her pee until she got transferred to the D4 lab?"

Fiona: "Yes, I guess this makes sense. I guess her crew members will make a lot of fun about her bladder destroying NASA high tech diapers, but this we anyway cannot avoid."

Stephen: "No. I cannot blame them, this story is really something special and funny.. Great, then I'll talk to the flight director and tell him to give Jessie and the crew a full disclosure of what's going on. And I tell him to hurry up to get to the ISS because one of his astronauts needs to pee."

Fiona: "Exactly. Very good. Afterwards I might be back in mission control and see how things are going, if not I'll call you again and ask if everything worked out."

Stephen: "Great, thanks."

The simulator supervisor could reach flight control and they decided that they would cut 4 of the breaks to 3 minutes and one break to six minutes, saving in total 42 minutes. The simulator supervisor forwarded the message to the flight director to explain the crew the situation..

It was now 241 minutes into the test, the crew had just started the next burn.

Flight control: "Jessie, do you feel any need to urinate?"

Jessie: "Negative.. uhmm, or maybe a very little urge, but I am sure that I can hold it for several more hours."

Flight control: "Very good. OK, there is quite a bit of new information about the current situation with your urine containment system."

Jessie: "OK?"

Flight control: "OK, so first of all, if you feel the need to urinate during this test you can safely urinate at any point in time."

Jessie: "OK. Great. Sounds a bit like there is a "but"..? "

Flight control: "Uhm yes, one could say so.. Your urine containment system will most likely not be able to handle the amount of additional urine. This is no problem, it just means that urine will be released through an overflow system into the spacecraft, which is absolutely not dangerous here in the simulator."

(the other crew members are laughing quietly about hearing this, because they kind of already expected it)

Jessie: "OK.. .. .. uhm.. uh.. can you make "released into the spacecraft" a bit more specific?"

Flight control: "uhm.. it will flow out of your space suit. We can give you a more detailed description in case that you decide to urinate..".

Jessie: "OK.. copy that: in case that I decide to pee again, piss will be flying all across the simulator?"

Flight control: "Uhm.. uh.. we cannot exclude that it is possible, that your crew members will get into contact with your urine in that case. But remember, urine is totally harmless, in addition to that you are all wearing space suits, so some drops of urine will not make any difference for anyone.."

(All of the crew was already laughing hard about Jessie's question, and even harder about the answer from flight control.)

Flight control: "However, there is another aspect. Our engineers may have to perform adjustments to your urine containment system to handle the necessary amounts of urine you will void during the actual mission. They would be interested in recording the data about how exactly your urine containment system fails when you urinate the next time."

Jessie: "OK? How will they do that?"

Flight control: "This is only possible outside the simulator, on a special test bench, ten minutes away from the simulator center. We asked NASA if it is possible to get you out of the simulator early, but they said that you have to finish the test. Therefore, it would help our engineers if you could suppress urination until twenty minutes after the test ended. However, if you cannot do this there is absolutely no problem, then you can just safely urinate and our engineers will get their data at a later point in time."

Jessie: "OK.. Wow.. so then I will participate now in a NASA pee holding contest?"

Flight control: "Yes, kind of.. As I said, there is no problem if you cannot do this. We understand that what we ask you here would be a completely impossible task for any normal human being. Do you think right now that there could be a possibility that you hold it until the end?"

Jessie: "Uhmm.. it is still a couple of hours left, but yes, it might be possible. I think right now my bladder is filling rather fast, but maybe it will slow down over the next hours."

Flight control: "Yes. We had some experts calculate some rough estimates, and they think this should be the case. I have another information. We will actually try to help you and try to speed up with our approach to the ISS, by shortening the halts in between maneuvers. This will gain us over 40 minutes. However, we do not know how long exactly it will take you to get there, as there might be additional simulated problems that will cause delay."

Jessie: "Wow. Thanks for speeding up such that I can take my pee in time! If you organize all this then I guess it is rather important that I can hold my pee until the end?"

Flight control: "Hmm.. it would help the engineers a bit, but as I said, if you have to go then please just go, this is no problem."

Jessie: "OK. Thanks for the update. Then I will tell you from time to time how my bladder feels."

Flight control: "OK. Great. And we will continue to be very interested in your urinary situation. Thank you very much for your efforts, and we are all deeply impressed by your abilities to hold pee."

Following the dialog, the whole crew was on the brink of bursting into laughter. After the dialog, they couldn't hold themselves and laughed tears once again. They currently were not busy with any mission duties and had time to talk about their favorite topic, Jessie's gigantic bladder.

Jessie: "Haha, super funny.. Oh wow, what a crazy situation. I hope I can hold my pee until the end.."

Samantha (sitting directly next to Jessie): "Yes, we hope so too!", everybody started to laugh again.

Nathalie: "If Jessie pees like before and makes her diaper explode, then we will all get seriously wet.. Flight control made that very clear haha!"

Chris: "That's the fanciest goldenshower ever, inside a NASA spacecraft simulator, the peeing world champion Dr. Lewis will pee simultaneously over all her crew, through an exploding NASA high tech diaper.."

Samantha (jokingly): "Remember Jessie, I am the commander, I decide when my crew members are allowed to urinate!"

Everybody was still laughing. Jessie was slightly worried that she might disappoint NASA, as she could feel that her bladder was not dangerously full yet, but still filling rapidly. However, she was also very excited about this development, as she felt very horny thinking about all the additional attention for her huge bladder. Secretly, she sometimes dreamed about participating and winning a pee holding contest (obviously, she would easily win any peeing contest, if she participated). She now participated in the craziest pee holding contest of all time. She was also really hoping that she would make it to the end of the test, as she was super excited to find out how this peeing test bench would work.

Nathalie: "This is just crazy, today we already witnessed the biggest pee in history, and maybe, if Jessie will not make it, we will witness probably an even bigger pee.."

Chris: "Maybe NASA measured, and found out that your last pee was a couple of drops below the world record, and now they want you to try again?"

Samantha: "Haha.. No, I am sure Jessie already beat the world record. And I also think that she will make it, thanks to her gigantic bladder."

Chris: "OK. Let's bet, who thinks that Jessie can hold it until the end?"

..everybody still laughing, but all of the crew members believed in Jessie's bladder and her ability to hold ridiculous amounts of pee, and all agreed that she would make it most likely to the end.

Jessie started to calculate. It was now 247 minutes into the mission. After speeding up the approach, and including the delay that they currently had, without any problems the total mission time would be 334 minutes, so in the best case she had to hold her pee only for a bit over two hours until she was on that test bench and could finally go. By now she could definitively feel some pressure in her bladder, but she also knew that usually she could hold her pee from this point still for a long time, even after drinking large amounts.

After Fiona talked to the simulator supervisor, she tried to reach and update Natasha. Natasha was obviously very busy with setting up their test bench as fast as possible, but she took a break to talk to Fiona.

Natasha: "Hi Fiona, how is it going, does Jessie already have to pee?"

Fiona: "Probably, but I don't know exactly. Listen, the situation has changed, NASA will not allow us to get Jessie out of the simulator, she has to stay in until the end of the test."

Natasha: "Uhmm.. oh.. poor Jessie! Uhmm.. so.. what is the plan now, did you tell her what's going on and will she try to hold it until the end?"

Natasha's heart rate again jumped up a lot and she felt very horny thinking about poor Jessie with her ultra full bladder bursting to go, but trying to hold it for the sake of NASA.

Fiona: "Yes, this is exactly what we did. They also try to speed up the mission a bit to help Jessie. I talked to the physician, and she calculated that it might well be possible that Jessie can hold it, if her bladder is really as huge as we believe."

Natasha: "OK. Wow.. that's.. really a completely new scenario. So for us this is very good, now we do have more time to set up everything I guess?"

Fiona: "Yes. The test will minimum last for two more hours, probably rather two and a half or three."

Natasha: "OK. Great, then we have plenty of time, we will be ready. Haha Jessie by then also will be VERY ready, if she makes it to that point.."

Fiona: "Yes.. this will be rather crazy I guess. Jessie not peeing for over four hours after drinking that much.. I hope we manage a smooth transfer to your place for her super bursting bladder."

Natasha felt so very very horny thinking about Jessie with a massively bulging bladder arriving at their lab, for her epic next urination. She tried to stay calm and think professionally, but it was extremely hard, because the picture in her head was just too damn sexy.

Natasha: "Haha.. yes maybe we should set up an obstacle course for the last 10 meters to the lab to make it a bit more challenging?"

Fiona: "Haha sure.. OK. Then please continue to set up your test bench, and I'll keep you updated on how Jessie and her bladder are doing."

Natasha: "Great! OK, thanks for the update, and then I am looking forward to watch Jessie's next world record pee hopefully inside our lab!"

*007*2022-04-30 09:04

The Jessie Lewis Situation - Part 5

It was now 281 minutes into the simulator test, i.e. 40 minutes after Jessie got full disclosure about the situation of her urine containment system, and nearly 2.5 hours after her epic piss. The crew of NGSS-1 had just completed the next successful maneuver on their simulated way to docking the ISS. The flight manager used the short 3 minutes break to ask Jessie again about the state of her bladder.

Flight manager: Very good job on your mission so far. Jessie, how are you feeling?

Jessie: Uhm.. I'm not gonna lie, I could use a tinkle.. My bladder seems to be filling rather quickly.

Flight manager: Understood. Thanks for the update. As we said, you can safely urinate anytime. It may be possible that your bladder stops filling so rapidly soon, because you reduced your liquid intake some time ago, but this is not guaranteed. If it becomes too unpleasant, then please just let go and urinate, it is more important that you finish the test successfully than that we get that data.

Jessie: Understood. I still think it might be possible, but I'm not hundred percent sure that I can make it.

Flight manager: Very good, once again thanks for your efforts!

Nathalie: Oh no, poor Jessie! Damn NASA with their diapers for tiny bladders..

Samantha: On the plus side, we might get to see our Jessie super goldenshower performance.

Jessie: Haha.. Yes I hope that in case that I cannot hold it I will not create too much "collateral damage".. I tend to pee rather forcefully as you could witness before, and god knows what happens when my science fiction diaper overflows or explodes..

Samantha: Haha yes we did indeed witness a rather powerful urination before.. But seriously, let's be clear: don't worry about this at all. If you have to go then you have to go. As the commander I give you permission to urinate whenever you want and as much and as powerful as you have to, no matter where your overflowing piss sprays or who gets splashed by your pee.

The rest of the crew agreed with this statement and confirmed that they had no problem with a situation where Jessie's pee would spray all across the spaceship simulator.

Nathalie: It would be an honor! Haha, and seriously, probably only Samantha will get wet, very very wet! [because Samantha was sitting directly next to Jessie]

Samantha: Ha don't underestimate Jessie's urinary capabilities! Jessie, I order you to aim for Nathalie in case that you cannot hold your pee pee!

Everybody was laughing again.

Samantha: No, probably Nathalie is right an I will get very wet, but this is totally fine. Maybe then I will overflow my diaper too, out of sympathy.

James: Wow, now does NASA have to deal with a second super pisser?

Samantha: Haha maybe? No, I'm certainly not on a Jessie Lewis peeing world champion level, but I did drank quite a lot before and during this test..

After this discussion, due to the shortened halts, the crew had to start with preparing for the next maneuver.

Meanwhile in the pisslab D4:

It was now 302 minutes into the simulator test. Natasha's team was nearly done with assembling the full setup. All structures were assembled and the devices in place, and they just plugged in the last cables to connect everything.

Natasha was in the process of setting up the software and configuring all the sensor devices. Already two hours ago, Natasha felt a minor need to pee. Due to the large amount of coffee that she had consumed earlier in the day but also during the last two hours, by now her bladder was getting really full. She did not really notice up to this point, because of the special situation and because she was busy with all the work. But now her bladder had reached a level where it was not possible to ignore anymore.

However, she had a plan: to verify that the test bench worked correctly, they usually performed a test run, usually with her or Hailey taking a pee on the platform. Natasha was determined to hold it until the test run, and then to take a huge test pee herself. But prior to that she had to still install some software and calibrate some devices. She was slightly fidgety while performing these tasks, but now that her bladder was so full and the time for the test pee so close, she absolutely wanted to hold it until the test bench was ready.

Hailey: Wow this is a really stressful day.. It looks like we are well on track and the piss lab will be up and running to perfectly monitor Jessie's world record pee. At least in case that poor Jessie can hold her weewee for long enough.

Natasha [after checking the clock and calculating]: Yes, it looks like we are ready on time. I guess we have some time available to call Fiona, to see how Jessie is doing. Maybe she already flooded the simulator and all the stress was for nothing..

Hailey: Haha maybe. No, Jessie is a tough girl, I am sure that she will make it!

Again Hailey: But before we ask mission control, let's please first finish the test bench. I have to pee since two hours, boy do I need to go, I am so ready for taking a nice test piss, I might break our record!

Natasha: Haha yes I feel the same, my bladder is also pretty full, and I was also looking forward to the test piss..

Hailey: Ah yes I can imagine, obviously you also did not have any time to pee until now. And sure, I don't mind, you can do the test piss.

Natasha: No no, it's fine! You can have the honor, and I am curious to find out if you can really break our record!

Hailey: Haha great! Yes I'll try my best! Then let's finish the setup quickly, such that I don't pee my pants and soil the holy floor of our piss lab!

Natasha: Haha! In that case I could step in as your backup!

Natasha was a bit disappointed that she could not herself do the test piss, but she thought that this also had some positive aspects: first of all, it was also very hot to watch desperate Hailey peeing on the test bench, and second she thought that she could hold her pee for some more time. She was looking forward to hold her pee until Jessie had done her epic world record piss. She thought that's probably the hottest thing in the world, to watch the super hot and absolutely bursting Jessie Lewis completely flood their test bench with the biggest urination ever while being really desperate herself..

The record that Hailey mentioned was an internal thing in between Hailey and Natasha. Obviously, NASA's high tech diaper generates telemetry data about it's state and usage (however, in the simulator as well as on the actual mission the data links to read out the data are so far not connected, this feature was just used for the development of the system). 

The highest ever recorded volume of urine that was released into one of NASA's high tech urinary containment systems in a single pee was done by Sophie Robinson, who voided 1185 ml in 43 seconds (obviously, not counting today's events, because Jessie's epic urination clearly had shattered this record). There were a couple of occasions for test or calibration pisses, where Hailey or Natasha emptied their bladders into one of NASA's high tech diapers. Hailey's record so far was at 785 ml, and Natasha's at 845 ml. However, they did not specifically hold their pee to try for a record, this was just the result of having really full bladders during a normal work day. Natasha for example knew from some of her own "experiments", that she could pee well over a liter if she really tried to hold it as long as possible.

It was now 306 minutes into the simulator test, about three hours after Jessie's epic urination. The crew of NGSS-1 had just completed the third last maneuver of their mission. They were already at 210 meters distance to the ISS in their simulated approach. Only one more maneuver to get to the last waypoint at 20 meters distance, and then after a six minutes hold, the final approach for docking. They were now in another short three minutes hold, before the start of the second last maneuver.

Flight director: Once again great job with the last maneuver! Before we discuss our favorite topic: any issues from anyone that are not related to Jessie's bladder?

All of the six crew members confirmed that everything was fine and that there were no problems.

Flight director: OK, great! Then Jessie, how are you feeling?

Jessie: uhm.. I really need to pee and I feel that my bladder is REALLY full, but so far it is manageable. I think I should be able to hold on for quite some time, but I cannot really guarantee it. Can you quickly outline the timeline for the rest of the mission?

Flight director: Thanks for the update Jessie, you are doing great! Yes, I have some good news for you. I negotiated with my boss that we can skip the simulated hard docking to the ISS and can end the simulation after successful soft docking, because of Jessie's situation. This will save us twelve minutes from the original timeline. With this, if everything goes right and we don't encounter any additional problems, the simulation will end in exactly 51 minutes. Jessie, if you can hold it until then, there will be about ten minutes to get you out of the simulator and undressed for the transport to the test bench, then about twelve minutes for the transfer to the test bench. When you arrive on the test bench, the scientists will adjust instruments and set you up for optimal monitoring for about three to five minutes, and then everything is ready for your urination. This means, if everything goes right, this will be in around 75 to 76 minutes.

Jessie: Great, thanks for the update and the good news! Then I will definitively try to hold my pee until then, I'm looking forward to flood their test bench in a very controlled lab setting! This sounds feasible, although I cannot promise anything and I will most likely be absolutely bursting at that point..

Flight director: Again, thanks for your superhuman efforts. And remember, if it gets to uncomfortable, then please just empty your bladder.

Nathalie: Never! Our super bladder Jessie is a big girl that can hold her pee until everything is ready!

Samantha: Yes, Jessie's bladder is unbeatable. You will manage this! Also, you are not even wiggling in your seat yet, I really think you can do this!

Jessie: Yes, I think it is possible. And yes, I will probably soon start to wiggle in my seat.. Relatively soon after that point I will enter uncharted territory, because I cannot remember any time before that I had to pee so bad. I think, that because of the size of my bladder I very rarely ended up in situations where I was really desperate..

Nathalie: I see, that makes sense. And yes, this is definitively uncharted territory, holding your pee for several hours after drinking five liters of fluids..

Samantha: Yes, and then when everything is ready, Jessie will pee like no one has ever peed before!

Jessie: Yeah.. let's see if that will work out. We still have one minute left, enough talk about peeing, any other topics?

Nathalie: No no, your next pee is really our favorite topic, we want to talk exclusively about this!

Pilot James: Yes it is really unlucky, the shiny perfect space toilet on the ISS is only about 200 meters away. But it will still take fifty minutes to get there..

Nathalie: Maybe Jessie is faster if she leaves our spacecraft and takes a spacewalk to get there?

Samantha: Let's see, if NASA's diapers cannot handle Jessie's "output", maybe she will also destroy the ISS toilet with her inhuman peeing?

The crew was in a good mood and everybody was laughing once again. Jessie, despite the fact that she was getting increasingly desperate, was in a good mood too, motivated to do everything possible to hold her pee until she was finally allowed to go, and still feeling really horny because of her weird NASA holding contest situation.

Then, they started to prepare for their second last maneuver. The maneuver was planned to take 26 minutes, for a careful approach to within 20 meters of the space station. During the maneuver, the spacecraft rotated towards the ISS, meaning that the ISS became clearly visible on the front view screen. Jessie could clearly see the destination of their journey, but it was approaching very slowly.

334 minutes into the simulation, i.e. after 23 minutes of their maneuver, an alarm went off. The booster that already had a problem with the sensors ealier, failed, i.e. the computer shut it down due to sensor readings that were too unreliable. This was not a very big problem, but it caused some delay and some consequences for the final approach. First of all, the crew had to work for five minutes to reconfigure the propulsion system.

Then, the procedure was, that before approaching the last way point, they had to perform a small maneuver to verify that the spacecraft was still 100% controllable. This maneuver took another twelve minutes. During this test maneuver, Jessie's bladder had reached a fill level that she had never experienced before. She was now really desperate, and started to wiggle slightly with her right leg. She was still determined to hold on, but she was not sure for how much longer she could actually hold it. Clearly, seeing the ISS and their destined docking port that currently did not get any closer did not help.

352 minutes into the mission they finally had successfully verified controllability of their spacecraft and reached waypoint 2, i.e. the last hold before the final approach. On their schedule was a six minutes break before starting the docking procedure.

Flight director: Great job, you are nearly there! We will successfully end this test very soon! Jessie, we are really sorry for the delay, are you still holding your pee?

Jessie: Yes, I am. I am really desperate now and my bladder feels super full, but I think that if we hurry up then we can still make it.

Flight director: Great job, Jessie! We are nearly there!

So, I'll make it short, due to the booster shut down, the safety protocol does not allow that we use the automatic docking. James and Samantha, as you know, in this case you have to perform a computer-assisted manual docking, are you ready for this?

James: Yes, of course, from my side we can start right now, such that Jessie can make it in time.

Flight director: Very good, yes from our side you are clear to go. Samantha and James, please start with the maneuver any time you feel ready.

*psss* from Nathalie's seat's direction

*pssssss* from Samantha's seat's direction

Samantha: I'm basically ready, but, uhm, please give me one minute, uhm, with something..

*psss* from Nathalie's seat's direction

*PSSSHH* from Samantha's seat's direction

Nathalie: I don't dare to say what Samantha is currently doing..

*psss* from Nathalie's seat

*PSSSSHHHH* from Samantha's seat's direction

Samantha: I am so so sorry, but I really really have to empty my bladder before the docking procedure..

*psss* from Nathalie's seat

*PSSSSHHHH* from Samantha's seat's direction

Chris: Oh no!! Poor Jessie, this is really cruel..

*PSSSSSSSSHHHHHHH* from Nathalie's seat's direction

*PSSSSSHHHHH* from Samantha's seat's direction

Samantha: Nathalie, you are peeing too, aren't you?

*PSSSSSSSSHHHHHHH* from Nathalie's seat's direction

*PSSSSSHHHHH* from Samantha's seat's direction

Nathalie: I'm so sorry, I tried to pee quietly, but I couldn't, I have to go really really badly, too.. I peed the last time three hours ago, and tried to hold it until the end, but -ah- this did not work out..

*PSSSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHH* from Nathalie's seat's direction

*PSSSSSSHHHHH* from Samantha's seat's direction

Chris: Wow, you guys are really mean! Poor Jessie..

*PSSSSSSSHHHHHH* from Nathalie's seat's direction

*PSSSSHHHH* from Samantha's seat's direction

Nathalie: Remember, life is not fair.. ahh it feels sooo good.. Sorry Jessie!!..

*PSSSSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHH* from Nathalie's seat's direction

*PSSSSHHHH* from Samantha's seat's direction

This situation was too much for all crew members. Nathalie and Samantha were about fifteen seconds into their perfectly synchronized pees. No one was saying anything, it was just the deafening silence of the simulator, broken only by the hissing of two massive pee streams gushing into NASA urinary containment systems.

Jessie was in slight disbelief about what was currently happening.. Relief for her ultra full super bladder got delayed, because the commander of the spacecraft had to take a pee break herself. Really unlucky. Up to this point, Jessie was still "only" wiggling with her right leg due to the desperation, but the sound of two girls pissing full stream into their urine containment systems directly next to her made her situation worse, and she started to also slightly wiggle with her upper body. On the plus side, for some reason listening to the two huge pees of her colleagues made her again a bit horny, thinking about the earth shattering piss that she would release soon..

Finally, James broke the silence.

James: I guess Jessie was not the only one bursting to pee.. Wow, how much are you girls peeing??

*PSSSSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHH* from Nathalie's seat's direction

*PSSSSHHHH* from Samantha's seat's direction

Chris: Not Jessie levels I guess, but wow that must be a lot of pee..

*pssss* from Nathalie's seat's direction

*PSSSSHHHH* from Samantha's seat's direction

Nathalie: It is a lot.. but I am done now..

While Nathalie's huge pee stream ended after 32 seconds, the loud hissing emanating from Samantha's crotch continued.

*PSSSSHHHH* from Samantha's seat's direction

Samantha: Yes, it is a lot.. I am so so sorry, but I cannot stop, I still have to pee a lot more.. I kind of started to hold my pee too out of sympathy with poor Jessie, but this was a really stupid idea.

Nathalie: Please hurry up with peeing! Such that you can finally pilot poor bursting Jessie to her fancy super toilet!!

*PSSSSHHHH* from Samantha's seat's direction

Samantha: I am working on i..

*BEEP* *BEEP* *BEEP*..

*PSSSSHHHH*

Flight director: Wow.. we got an overflow warning from your urine disposal system, Samantha..

Samantha: ahhh.. then I'll try to stop p..

*BEEP* *BEEP*..

*psssss*

Flight director: Samantha, you don't have to stop urinating.. please continue to urinate for as long as you want, until you feel comfortable again..

Samantha didn't think twice and was really happy to hear this. She thought that she anyway was not able to stop her pee stream right now.

*PPSSSSHHHHHHHHH*

Samantha: OK, aahhh thanks.. I still have to go a lot more.. so what will happen when it overflows?

Flight director: Four overflow valves will open, and the excess pee will flow out of the system. Please just continue urinating, this will not cause any harm to anyone and remember, you have to perform the docking procedure afterwards.

*PPSSSSHHHHHHHHH*

The point of overflowing was reached now.. The overflow valves were connected to overflow valves in her space suit. All crew members turned their heads in disbelief towards what was happening to Samantha.

*PPSSSSHHHHHHHHH*

*pffftt*

Four thin streams of pee started to spray out at the front side of her suit, shooting about 50 centimeters into all directions away from her.. The thin pee streams hit Jessie (Jessie was sitting directly next to Samantha), and also Nathalie (she was sitting on the opposite side of Jessie, but at a slightly larger distance).

*PPSSSSHHHHHHHHH*

*pffftt*

Samantha: What the fuck!!

Jessie: Whoa..

Nathalie: Uhmm..

James: Huh??..

*PPSSSSHHHHHHHHH*

*pffftt*

As a consequence of this really strange behavior of the urinary containment system overflow mechanism, once again everybody burst into laughter.. Even Jessie was laughing, and it made her desperation for the moment a lot worse and she nearly lost control over her bladder.

Nathalie: Samantha is not only our commander, but also our water sprinkler! How convenient!

*PPSSSSHHHHHHHHH*

*pffftt*

Samantha: Oh my god.. I am so so sorry.. I am nearly empty..

Chris: Uhm.. I'd say you are rather overflowing and not empty at all?..

*PPSSSSHHHHHHHHH*

*pffftt*

Samantha: OK, then I am soon done with overflowing..

*PPSSSSHHHHHHHHH*

*pffftt*

James: Wow Samantha, you turned into a really impressive water feature! It seems that you also drank way to much on the way here?

*PPSSHHHHHH*

*pfft*

Samantha: Yes.. I don't know why, but somehow I felt nervous today about the whole situation, and felt really thirsty all the time..

*ppss*

*pfft*

After 58 seconds of peeing, Samantha was finally done. The thin pee streams from the overpressure valves continued to spray out, but with slightly reduced pressure.

Samantha: What is going on? I stopped peeing, but I am still spraying pee into all directions?

Flight control: Yes, this is expected behavior of the system. It will stop in a few seconds..

*pfft*

Nathalie: Wow, this was a surprise! What a crazy day!! Now it seems we did get our goldenshower in the end!

*pfft*

Everyone was still in shock about the whole situation. Slowly, the overpressure valve pee streams got weaker. Nathalie's legs were completely sprayed by Samantha's pee, and Jessie's space suit up to her breast was covered in pee that got ejected by Samantha's overflow system. As a consequence of her colleague's massive urinations, Jessie's situation had gotten clearly worse, now she was really desperate, wiggling her body around to keep control.

Samantha: Jessie, I am so so sorry.. for everything..

Nathalie: Jessie, how are you doing? How do you feel, do you think you can still make it?

Jessie: Uhm.. I don't really want to talk about it right now, can we please try to get out of this simulator as soon as possible? I really really need to pee, and I don't want to imagine what will happen if I lose it in here..

Nathalie: Yes that makes sense, if Samantha turns into a water sprinkler, then I also don't want to imagine what you will turn into..

James: Yes, I agree. If all crew members without inhumanly large bladders are relieved, then we should proceed with the docking maneuver as soon as possible.

Samantha: Yes! Let's bring Jessie to the ISS as soon as possible, such that she can have her world record pee!

James and Samantha started to initiate the docking maneuver. However, due to the failed booster, they could for safety reasons use only very small accelerations to move the spacecraft towards the docking port of the ISS. Jessie had regained full control over her bladder and her situation had improved a tiny little bit. She was still wiggling in her seat, but she felt confident that she could hold it for the remaining time. The test bench was now so close, that she was determined to hold her epic amount of piss until she was there.

When Jessie was laughing due to the fact that Samantha had turned into a water sprinkler, she considered for a moment to let go as well. In that moment, she thought that if she'd start to pee like crazy and spraying piss all across the spacecraft simulator, this would also be incredibly hot in some sense, but she decided against it, she still preferred to go on the test bench. Now, during the computer guided docking maneuver, she was also afraid that it could actually threaten the mission success if she lost it, because it could distract James and Samantha to much from their task of docking the spacecraft.

The next 20 minutes were really really tough for Jessie. The ISS was clearly visible and really close, but their spacecraft approached it at an incredibly slow speed. Soon, Jessie was again close to the point of losing it. 10 minutes into the docking maneuver, she started to breath heavily, and started to wiggle more intensely in her seat. While James and Samantha were focused on their task, this was not unobserved by the other crew members.

Nathalie: Hey Jessie! I'm sure you can make it! We are now 4 meters away from out destination, you can hold it until we get there!

Jessie: Oohh.. uh.. yes I can hold on.. But it is really painful to see it approaching sooo slowly.

James: Yes, we are really really slow with this maneuver, but we will get you there! Stay strong!

The cheering up of her colleagues helped Jessie for the moment. They were right, it was only a couple of more minutes until everything was over, she knew that she could do it!

Meanwhile, in the simulator center outside of the spacecraft simulator, suit technician Fiona and physician Joana had prepared everything for a quick transport of the by now super desperate Jessie to the test bench in lab D4. To ensure the fastest and most comfortable transport for the drive to Natasha's lab they had organized an ambulance from the Cape Canaveral medical center. In there, Jessie would be able to either sit or stand or lie down, depending on what was most comfortable for her. In preparation for the transport, Joana had also put an ultrasound device that could measure the volume inside Jessie's bladder, to get the data to help with the required redesign of her urinary containment system.

It was now 371 minutes into the mission, and Jessie and her simulated spacecraft were only at one meter distance to the simulated ISS, so it was only a matter of minutes until Jessie could leave the simulator..

