Misson to the ISS - The Astronaut with the Super Bladder

Author: HitEmAll

*008*2022-08-29 19:07

The Jessie Lewis Situation - Part 6

Meanwhile, in Natasha's lab D4 things initially did not go as smoothly as anticipated. It was 311 minutes into the mission, i.e. still about 40 minutes before the earliest possible arrival of Jessie.

The very last step for setting up the software system of the urine containment system test bench was to connect the sensor group G2, responsible for measuring surface temperature.

Natasha: Hmm.. Somehow I cannot connect to the infrared sensors. Anyone has an idea what could be wrong?

Hayley: Hmm.. I remember that we had this problem before. I will check in our documentation if someone wrote something about fixing this problem.

Four minutes later, she had indeed found a problem that they had encountered before with these sensors. Apparently, the proprietary connection cable was prone to breaking.

Natasha: Fuck, now things might get stressful again if we have to scramble for a fucking replacement cable?

Hayley: Hmm yes.. hmm.. At least it seems, we do have replacement cables in our storage at SLA-442-C.. Ha, at least we are really well organized!

Natasha: Hm OK, that's at least something. Hmm it might still get really tight.. With driving there, and with NASA bureaucracy to access the storage locations, it will take 20 to 30 minutes until I am back to get them.

Hayley: Yes, but I guess we cannot do anything about this. This is a really powerful and complicated technical system, sometimes things don't go as expected.

Natasha: True.. OK I'll run to get these damn cables, I'll be back as fast as possible. Can you prepare everything else, such that we can start with our test procedures as soon as possible after I return?

Hayley: Sure, everything will be ready to go, and I will be full to the brim and ready to go as well, to contribute my.. uhm.. inputs for the test procedure.

[as described earlier, both Hayley and Natasha had no time for a bathroom break for the last couple of hours, and both are desperate to pee]

Natasha: Yes, very good. And fuck yes.. I also have to piss rather sooner than later..

Natasha left the piss lab and went to her car, while Hayley started to double check all the parts of the test platform.

It took Natasha about eight minutes to drive to the storage building. She used the time to call Fiona to get an update on Jessie's situation in the simulator.

Fiona: Hi Natasha, how is it going?

Natasha: Hi Fiona, we encountered a minor problem but we should have the system ready at latest in about forty minutes or so. How is the test mission going and how is Jessie's super bladder holding up?

Fiona: Wow, this is great to hear that you will be ready soon. Jessie is doing great, we just talked to her a couple of minutes ago, and she thinks that she might be able to make it and will try to hold it for your experiment.

Natasha: Wow, Jessie is really amazing. In case that she can really hold it, when can we expect Jessie in our lab for our little pee pee experiment?

Fiona: So, for the best case scenario she will be there in around 65 minutes. However, they might encounter additional delays due to simulated problems with the spacecraft.

Natasha: OK, thanks for the update, then we should easily have enough time. The test platform is ready, except for one small technical problem that we are currently trying to resolve, and for a test run to ensure that the system is working as expected.

Fiona: Great. Haha, test run sounds great, then I wish you good luck with that!

Natasha: Haha, yes we have to make sure that the systems are working correctly for Jessie's very special urination..

Fiona: Sure, thanks for your update as well, then let's see if this will really work out!

Natasha arrived at the building containing their storage site. Getting access to their storage went smoothly, and Natasha quickly found the necessary replacement cables for the sensor. It was 327 minutes into the mission when Natasha arrived at her car to drive back to the piss lab. She drove as fast as possible, and a couple of minutes later she was back and with the cables in her hand running from the parking lot to her lab.

Meanwhile, Hailey did double-check all of the other technical systems and sensors of the test bench. Everything seemed to be prepared for the most epic urination in human history. In this moment Natasha entered the door.

Natasha: So how is the situation? I got us some cables, let's hope that they work!

Hailey: Great! Yes I double-checked all other systems, everything is good to go!

They installed the replacement cables and after this the full system was up and running. Now the only thing that was missing according to their procedures was a full-scale test of the system.

Natasha: Great, everything's ready! I guess you are very ready to go, too?

Hailey: Haha yes I am really really bursting to go.. But you must be bursting too, right? So as I said before, if you want to have the honor, you can do the test run.

Natasha: Haha yes I am bursting, too, but it is fine if you do it. Let's get you diapered up!

Natasha could feel her excitement rise again massively. For the last hours she was occupied all the time with preparing everything for the upcoming moments. But now that everything was ready, she had time to think about the incredible near and mid-term future. The thought of examining Jessie's incredible urinary capabilities and working towards finding solutions to improve space urination systems to cope with Jessie's "output" was just too good! All of these thoughts made her really excited and wet again, she could feel her heart beating from excitement and anticipation. Also the immediate future was super exciting. Now she would first witness the very attractive Hailey relieving her very full bladder on their test bench, and then, if everything went well, she would witness the very sexy astronaut Jessie Lewis taking the biggest piss of all time on their test bench. All of this while she was holding a very full bladder herself, a feeling that she was really enjoying at the moment.

Natasha and Hailey proceeded with preparing Hailey for her test urination. They together went to fetch one of their development urine containment systems. They grabbed one in the right size for Hailey.

Hailey: Wow, it was really a long time ago that we used these ourselves!..

Natasha: Haha yes.. However, we had quite a lot of astronauts taking quite a lot of pees into them over the last two years.. I am really quite proud of the system that we developed, it was working super reliably so far, but now for Jessie it seems that we have to rethink..

Hailey: Yes..

Natasha: Do you remember how to put this thing on?

Hailey: Yes I think I can still do this, it is not very complicated.. I also am proud of being part of the team that developed this system, it is a really clever design.. I'll be right back.

Hailey went to a small room next to the D4 lab that was used to store equipment, to mount the urine containment system. In the meantime Natasha called Fiona to get an update of Jessie's situation and the upcoming schedule. It was now 346 minutes into the mission.

Fiona: "Hi Natasha!"

Natasha: "Hi Fiona! I just wanted to inform you that we are basically ready here. How is Jessie doing, and how is the schedule?"

Fiona: "Wow that's great to hear! Jessie is still doing fine! So there are some minor delays, according to the current schedule, Jessie will be in - uhm.. let me quickly check.. uhm.. in around 40 minutes in your lab."

Natasha: "OK thanks for the information, that's great, then we have time for a quick full-scale test of the system."

Fiona: "Sounds great! Uhm.. uh.. just out of curiosity, so for this, you.. uhm.. you.."

Natasha: "Haha yes exactly, this is what we do.. I'll explain you at some point in detail how this works when we have more time!"

Fiona: "Haha OK. By the way, just as a quick info, there happened another little uhm.. hmm.. let's say - "urination system related accident" in the simulator, I'll also explain you the details later when we have more time."

Natasha: "Uhm.. ok, whatever that means?.. OK, then thanks for the update, and see you soon, hopefully for witnessing the peeing world record!"

Fiona: "Haha yes, looking forward to that! Thanks for all your efforts, and see you soon!"

Meanwhile, Hailey had successfully replaced her pants and underwear with a NASA high tech diaper that she co-developed. She returned into the lab D4, from the waist downwards only wearing her high tech urine containment system.

Natasha (jokingly): Haha great, wow like two years ago, you still look very sexy in that! Then let's get you connected to the system, such that you don't pee yourself prematurely!

Hailey: Haha thanks! And yes I hope I can hold it until we are ready!.. I am really really full to the brim..

Hailey started to make some typical "holding her pee" moves with putting her hands into her crotch (i.e. over her high-tech diaper) while shifting her body from side to side. She did this partially for fun, and partially because she was really feeling a strong need to pee by now.

Natasha: Oh wow.. yes I'll hurry up and let's hope that you can make it! Haha just don't think about poor Jessie who is holding probably much more than both of our bladders combined!..

Hailey: Haha yes poor Jessie.. And yes I am sure that I can hold it until we are ready.

Natasha: Great. And by the way, Jessie will be hear in about forty minutes, so we have enough time for this test run.

Hailey: Great! Nice, then it is time for me to set a new record, really looking forward to that!

Hailey walked up the three steps to reach the main platform of their test bench. Then, she connected the data link cable to her urine containment system. The cable would transmit telemetry data of the system.

Hailey [jokingly]: So, hurry up! I am ready to go and have some urgent business to do!

Natasha: Haha great! Please hold it for one more minute such that I can calibrate the sensors. You pee in a standing position as always, right?

Hailey: Haha sure! Always standing!

Both started to laugh, thinking about a funny pee-related episode that the two women shared. Two years ago, when they were first discussing this topic, Hailey was pointing out that she could pee "like a man", meaning that she was able to pee forwards in a standing position. Natasha very happily remembered the moment when Hailey once demonstrated this in her presence. Hailey also offered to teach Natasha how to do this, and back then Natasha happily agreed, however this never happened so far.

Natasha: Great! Haha you still once have to teach me how to do this!

Hailey: Sure! Haha maybe I should also teach Jessie how to do this, then she can join the fire brigade!

Natasha: Haha absolutely!.. Or.. the next time she sees snow she can.. uhm.. start writing and editing poems in the snow for example!..

Both women were laughing, and Natasha in addition was really horny dreaming about Jessie aiming her massive and never ending pee stream in a well controlled manner writing all kinds of naughty things into the snow.

Natasha: ..however, maybe Jessie already knows how to do this?

Hailey: Haha yes, maybe..

Then Natasha refocussed on configuring and calibrating the instruments of the test bench. It took her about five minutes to do this, because the last time she did this was long time ago. In the meantime, Hailey was standing on top of the test bench with her very full bladder, ready to go, just waiting for Natasha to complete the configuration of the system.

Natasha: So.. finally everything is set up!

Hailey: Finally! I'm about to pee myself!..

Natasha: Sorry that it took so long, good that I practiced, for Jessie it will be much quicker.

Hailey: Yes, that's very good. I guess the time for Jessie waiting here will be pure torture..

Natasha: Yes, absolutely.. The good thing is, also in the case that she cannot hold it and will start peeing too soon while on the test bench, we will still get a lot of data data, actually all data, just not in the most optimal way.

Hailey: Sure, if she somehow can make it to the test bench then we will get our valuable data.

Natasha: OK.. So.. Then I guess it is finally time to restart full-scale NASA urine containment system testing!

Hailey: Yes, absolutely!

Natasha: So, then - the stage is yours.. Please show me what you've got! Time for your attempt to break the record!

[As a quick reminder, for details please check the last chapter: the two scientists always recorded the volumes that they managed to release during full-scale tests of the system. Natasha was currently holding the record with 910 ml of voided urine.]

Hailey: Haha YES!

Hailey: [jokingly] Please watch closely! Now I'll show you how to REALLY pee!

Natasha: Haha great! Sure I will watch closely!

(of course Natasha really watched closely when the very attractive Hailey emptied her bladder, and not only for "scientific" reasons..)

Then it was quiet and Hailey focussed on starting to urinate. After about ten seconds, Hailey began to empty her very full bladder into her NASA high tech urine containment system that she was wearing while standing on top of their test bench. Hailey was standing confidently with the hands in her hips, standing very slightly on her toe tips. She was peeing exactly like when she was peeing "regularly" forward in standing position (i.e. like a boy), except for her hands that were in her hips instead of aiming her pee stream.

*PSSSSSS* (from Hailey's urinary containment system)

From the sound it was clear that Hailey was starting to urinate with a decent flow rate into her high tech diaper.

Hailey: "Ahhhh..."

*PSSSHHHHHHHH*

Hailey: "Aahh soo good.. I really really needed that.."

*PPSSSHHHHHHHHH*

While Hailey was very happy about finally being able to relieve herself, Natasha was pretty much in heaven observing the action. She was very excited to watch this very attractive girl finally peeing after holding a very full bladder for a long time. In addition to just watching Hailey peeing on the test bench, she had also access to live telemetry data from Hailey's high tech diaper.

*PPSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHH*

From the gushing sound and from the telemetry data Natasha could observe that after starting with a decent outflow rate, Hailey's flow rate had reached a level that they had rarely observed during test urinations.

Natasha: Wow! I can see that! You are peeing nearly 50ml per second! I think you just beat the record for flow rate!

Hailey: Haha aaaahhh!!... Wow, I can tell you it feels really great!

Natasha: Haha I believe you!

*PSSSSSSSSHHH*

After the initial gushing out of pee, Hailey's stream normalized a bit, and Natasha could observe that Hailey's flow rate stabilized at around 25 ml per second.

*PSSSSSSSSHHH*

Natasha: You peed 450 ml so far! Keep going!

*PSSSSSSHHH*

Hailey: Will do! Wow I feel like I have a lot more! AAahh... Heaven!..

*PSSSSSSHHH*

Natasha: Haha very good, I see you are really enjoying yourself there! Go for the record, you can do it!

*PSSSSSsss*

Hailey's stream continued to slow down a bit, but she was still peeing a relatively strong stream at around 20 ml per second.

*PSSSSSsss*

Natasha: 600 ml! Keep going!

*PSSSss*

Hailey: Sure! There's still a lot of pee left!

Natasha: Haha! So you think you can break my record?

Hailey: Haha sure! [jokingly] Watch and learn!

*PSSSss*

Natasha: Haha, I see you are really confident!

Hailey: Sure!

Natasha observed, that Hailey's stream had further slowed down. She was thinking that maybe Hailey's bladder was drained soon and that her record might stay untouched.

Natasha: 750 ml! Keep going!

Hailey: Sure.. Haha..

Suddenly the gushing sound from Hailey's urinary containment system increased massively.

*PPSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH*

Hailey: Aahhhhh!!.... [again expressing ecstatic relief]

Natasha: Whoa!! You are really going for it!

*PPSSSHHHHHHHHH*

Hailey continued to blast out pee into her high tech diaper.

Hailey: Yessss!! Just heaven! I told you I have a lot more!

*PPSSSHHHHH*

Hailey: Going.

*PPSSSSSSHHHHHHH*

Hailey: For.

*PPSSSSSSSSSHHHHHHH*

Hailey: The.

*ppppsssss*

Hailey: Record!

*pppsss*

Natasha: WOW!! You really did it! You are at 950 ml!!

*PPPPSSSHHH*

Hailey: Still going!

*pppssss*

Natasha watched in slight disbelief how the measured volume of released urine crossed the 1000 ml mark.

*pppsss*

Natasha: Whoa.. you just pissed over a liter!

*pppsss*

Hailey: Phewww!!!! But now I am nearly done!

*pppssssssss*

Hailey: Ahhhh!!!! I'm done! Wow I really really needed that! Haha I told you I would break the record!

Natasha: Wow! 1045 ml, you did not only break the record, you absolutely shattered it! Congratulations!

Hailey: Thanks!.. ahh so good.. Haha and thanks for letting me do the test pee! Probably your bladder is as full as mine was and you could just go for breaking the record again right now!

Natasha: Haha I think it was good that you could pee now, judging by this huge amount.. You are right, my bladder is also very full, but I don't think it is that super full.. The most important thing is, that all of the systems are working as they should, we made it! Everything is ready for Jessie's super pee show!

Hailey: Very good! Yes I am really looking forward to our astronaut with her ultra-full super bladder to show us how to REALLY pee!

Natasha: Haha yes.. and on the downside also to illustrate us that the urine containment systems that we developed only work for astronauts with tiny bladders..

Hailey: Yes.. regular astronauts with their tiny bladders..

Natasha was still slightly in shock because of Hailey's massive piss. She was amazed and really surprised that Hailey could hold that much pee without showing any obvious signs of desperation. She remembered that she herself was really desperate and at the "slightly wiggling" stage when she did her 910 ml test piss, and she considered herself as having a rather large bladder.

Learning about Hailey's amazing bladder control made her super horny. And obviously, if everything went right, then this was just a very sexy prequel to the epic peeing show that would take place in a couple of minutes..

*011*2022-08-30 18:13

{{21 hours ago, C. Robinson said:

What an amazing addition! I am tempted to hear about Jessie's fate and the state of her bladder.

}}

Thanks! And yes that's very good, I am tempted to write about Jessie's fate, I really want to finish the story, such that poor Jessie can finally relieve herself and take the biggest and most scientifically important pee in history (hopefully..). Actually, in addition to that I have a couple of ideas for how to continue the story after the described incident, so let's see..

*012*2022-09-03 13:37

Are you ready for the grand finale? Will Jessie be able to make it?

The finale for Part 1 is nearly done and I will post it very soon, later today.. Btw. I started to work on a Part 2 of the story. However, feel free to help NASA to bring Jessie safely into space and in case that you have ideas that could enable her to pee safely in space, then please share them here! I guess, although NASA has skilled experts for space urination, they most likely cannot keep up with the accumulated competence in urination found on this site 🙂

Currently having a youtube stream open with the countdown for the NASA Artemis 1 mission. Haha what is harder, tanking the massive SLS tank with liquid hydrogen, or detanking Jessie's massive bladder from all the pee? 😂🤷‍♀️

*013*2022-09-03 15:50

The Jessie Lewis Situation - Part 7

It was now 372 minutes into the mission, and Jessie was heavily breathing and clearly wiggling in her seat. She observed on the front camera screen how the spacecraft perfectly slid into the port of the space station. Perfectly, but at a very very low speed.

Samantha: 50 cm, trajectory good

.

.

.

Samantha: 20 cm, we are nearly there..

.

.

Finally, the crew felt a very light simulated bump, indicating that they had reached their destination and successfully docked with the ISS.

Samantha: "Contact"

No one said anything, everybody was waiting for the spacecraft to indicate that the soft dock was successful.

Finally, the spacecraft instruments indicated the soft dock.

Samantha: Docking successful!

All of the crew cheered.

Flight director: Great job! Congratulations!

Natasha: What a crazy mission.. Please keep your seatbelt fastened until Jessie has left the spacecraft!

Flight director: Yes, simulation is over, you passed everything. Jessie, do you think you can hold it for another 15 minutes?

Jessie: I will try.. I am really really bursting at this point, so can we please hurry up?

Flight director: Great, and yes absolutely. We will send in Fiona and Joana to help you get out of your seat, and then we will transport you to the test platform. And as Natasha said, for the others, please keep your position until Jessie is out of the simulator.

Doors of the simulator opened, and Fiona and Joanna entered the simulator, to try to help poor Jessie with her super full bladder out of her seat.

Fiona: You are doing great! Let's see if we will make it!

Everything was really wet due to Samantha's earlier overflowing of her urinary containment system and there was a large puddle of pee on the floor. Fiona and Joana resisted to mention it or to make comments about it, because both thought, that Jessie probably did not want to hear about anything related to peeing at the moment.

Fiona: OK Jessie, let's get you out of that seat!

Fiona unbuckled the seatbelts and helped Jessie to get up.

Fiona: Great! How are you feeling?

Jessie was standing on her own feet and dancing a little by slightly wiggling with her whole body.

Jessie: Very very desperate.. But I think if we hurry up we can make it..

Fiona: Great! Yes we try to hurry up!

Jessie, Fiona and Joanna left the simulator, while the rest of the crew was cheering for Jessie:

Samantha: Jessie! We know you can do it!!

Nathalie: Jessie! You can do this. Make us proud!

Jessie, Samantha and Fiona arrived in the dress up room. The plan was to undress Jessie down to her underwear / urine containment system for the transport to the lab D4, to minimize the efforts required by Jessie.

Joanna: Do you think you can sit down without peeing yourself, such that we can remove your suit?

Jessie: Yes, I'll try my best.

Jessie sat down and took off the helmet of her space suite, while Fiona removed first the lower part of Jessie's space suit, revealing her already significantly filled urinary containment system (however this was not at all visible from the outside).

Fiona: Great, the most difficult part is done!

Fiona then helped Jessie out of the upper part of her space suit. Jessie was wiggling around during this. Jessie's massively bulging bladder became visible, and both Fiona and Joanna stared in disbelief, but did not say anything.

Fiona then helped Jessie to get in her normal shoes, and then Jessie was ready for the transport.

Fiona: Great, let's go!

They helped Jessie up. Now Jessie was as desperate as never before. While standing, she wiggled fast left and right with small steps. For a moment, Fiona and Joanna thought that Jessie would start peeing immediately. But Jessie was still determined to make it to the lab.

Jessie: Ahhh fuck fuck fuck.. Let's go fast please!! I really need to go..

Fiona: Yes, let's go!

And Fiona led the way to the exit where an ambulance was waiting to transfer Jessie to the Lab D4 site.

They made it to the exit and left the building.

Joanna: See, we prepared a fast transport for you!

Jessie: Wow great, yes we really have an emergency here..

Fiona: Sure.

Fiona helped Jessie to enter the ambulance, they closed the door, and the ambulance left with turned on emergency light.

Joanna: Jessie, do you prefer standing, sitting, lying?

Jessie: Hmm.. I think standing is the best for the moment.

Jessie was stepping from one foot to the other.

Fiona: We are reallly close now.. In a couple of minutes you can finally go.

Jessie: Yes, really looking forward to that!

Joanna: I will do a quick ultrasound scan of your bladder, ok?

Jessie: Sure..

Joanna: I'll try to not put too much additional pressure on your bladder..

Joanna shifted Jessie's undershirt a little bit up to fully reveal her bladder. She then put some gel on Jessie's incredibly bloated belly and moved the sensor of the ultrasound device over it. The device had some trouble computing the volume, but it finally reported a value in between 2.5 and 2.6 liter.

Joanna: Wooahh.. Good girl! Over 2.5 liter, this is incredible! You really know how to keep it tight down there!..

Jessie: Haha.. for the moment, but this can change really soon.

Another wave of desperation struck Jessie, and she was again doing fast small movements with her complete body.

Fiona: You can do it Jessie, come on!

Jessie: Yes, yes, it should work.. but I am really really looking forward to finally going to the bathroom.. or rather to go in your science fiction NASA pee research facility..

Fiona: Yes. So to make things as efficient as possible, I'll quickly run you through the procedure to prepare you for your science fiction pee.

Jessie: Sure.

Fiona got an instruction about the specific procedure by Natasha before the end of Jessie's docking training mission.

Fiona: So once we are in the lab, it will take very little time. We will bring you straight to the test platform. Then the team will connect a datalink to your urine containment system, this will take just a few seconds. Then, in the best case you manage to hold your pee for another two minutes, while the team is calibrating the sensors to your specific body dimensions. Then you can finally relieve yourself.

Jessie: Sounds great. Cannot wait for this. By the way can you explain what will happen when my diaper explodes? Will I also turn into a water sprinkler like Samantha?

Fiona: Thanks, good question! And no, you will not turn into a water sprinkler. The overpressure valve system is only active while you are inside the simulator, it is deactivated by now. It will be not that spectacular, the system will start to leak when you are urinating and overflowing, somewhat similar to what would happen to a normal diaper.

Jessie: Ok, interesting! I literally never in my life peed myself, so this will be a first, really looking forward to this experience haha!..

For the moment Jessie was pretty happy, she felt like her bladder situation currently was under control, and she was not having anything like bladder spasms but just feeling very very full.

Fiona: Haha, this will be a fancy way of having your first "accident"!

Jessie: Haha! Yes, and it will only be an "accident" because NASA so far had only tiny-bladdered astronauts!

Fiona: Yes you are right, you definitively keep your "zero accidents" record. This is a science experiment and not an accident.

Jessie: Yes.. at least if I can keep it in for the next couple of minutes..

Fiona: Yes! So.. there is one last question about your pee.. Do you think I can ask you about a very pee-specific thing without you peeing yourself immediately?

Jessie: Uhm.. huh? I don't understand what you mean? But I think just go ahead, for the moment I feel like I have things somewhat under control.

Jessie was still in a standing position and constantly shifting her body in relatively fast pace from left to right, at the same time she was wiggling with her right leg.

Fiona: So.. you can choose the position in which you want to urinate.. Do you have some preference for this?

Jessie: Ooohh.. wow now I understand what you meant, ok I'm definitively a bit closer to peeing myself right now.. Oooh...

For the moment, Jessie's wiggling behavior changed and intensified, and she stopped shifting her body weight from left to right and started to shake up and down with her whole body.

Fiona: I am really sorry about this.. But we have to set up the test system accordingly.

Jessie: OOhh... aahh... Ok... ok.. I think I have it again under control.. Uhmm.. I'll piss in any position, but what are the options?

Fiona: Easiest would be if you go just standing straight-up, or in a high-squat position. But you could also squat down or we could also set up something to sit on, if you prefer?

Jessie: I think standing will work just fine. So for the unrealistic case that I could not start peeing in that position, could we still change this?

Fiona: Yes, of course. Once you are on the test bench you can pee in any way you want, this is mainly for helping you to go as easily as possible..

Jessie: Haha, great!.. Yes, and I guess the 2.6 liters of pee in my bladder will also help me to go!

Fiona: Haha sure.. let's hope that we can get there quickly such that you can do your NASA certified world record pee!..

Jessie: Yes I am really looking forward to that!

Fiona: Great! I'll quickly call our colleagues to tell them that we are there soon!

While Fiona was calling Natasha to announce that they were on their way, Joanna had an idea on how to distract Jessie a little bit from her need to pee. Joanna witnessed how Jessie took her first massive pee inside the simulator (because she watched footage that was recorded in the simulator before), and from that she clearly got the impression that Jessie was really proud of her incredible peeing abilities. She thought, asking Jessie about her bladder might possibly distract her very well from her current need to pee.

Joanna: So Jessie, you literally have by very very far the biggest bladder that I have ever seen!

Jessie: Haha that's great to hear! Yes I know that it is huge, and I always noticed that I could pee much much more than anyone else around me.

Joanna could see that Jessie was really excited talking about this topic, so she thought that her somewhat counter-intuitive strategy was working and continued with the topic.

Joanna: So, you always knew that you had a very large bladder?

Jessie: Yes, as long as I remember I was always the one that never had to pee and could pee forever.

Joanna: So that means your friends also knew about your large bladder?

Jessie: Yes.. I did not really hide it, and sometimes I had to pee when others were around, and then I just went.. as you can imagine, usually I went a lot..

Joanna was really happy with how well her strategy of distracting Jessie was working. For the moment, Jessie nearly stopped wiggling around, and she was clearly enjoying talking about her pee experiences. Thererore, Joanna continued:

Joanna: Haha yes I can imagine that you made quite some impression on people that witnessed you peeing.. So did you ever have reactions from other people that were really shocked by the amount you peed?

Jessie: Haha, like today, when everyone at NASA was really shocked?

Joanna: Haha yes exactly, like this?

Jessie: Yes, a couple of times.. Hmm.. however, usually I pee before I am really desperate, so I pee a really huge amount, but not a completely inhuman amount. However, there were occasions where I really had to go haha!.. Then people were also really really shocked..

Joanna: Haha so how did people then react?

Jessie: Haha so there is actually one story that I like to remember.. I ended up in kind of a peeing competition, by pure coincidence and while having a really full bladder..

Joanna: Haha wow, I guess this was a quite traumatic experience for your competitors..

Jessie: Yes, absolutely.. So, at the time I was working at MIT, and a colleague just turned 21, so she was officially allowed to drink.. With a couple of friends (some that I knew better, some I did not know very well) we were celebrating her birthday with a rather wild tour through a couple of bars.. I was drinking beer all night long, and I did not visit any restrooms all night. At some point when we were pretty drunk, I left the last bar together with a group of about seven other girls. We were all heading in the same direction. Because it was summer and a really nice night, we decided to walk home instead of taking a cab. I was kind of surprised by this decision, and I kind of regretted not emptying my bladder before leaving, but it was too late. However, after walking for about twenty minutes it became obvious that some of the other girls were obviously in a similar situation as myself..

Joanna: And then you all found a place to pee together?

Jessie: Yes, or rather, two of the girls started to brag about their large and super full bladders, and then group dynamics led to a peeing competition.

Joanna: And you were ready to go with your really full inhuman sized bladder?

Jessie: Exactly, some of the other girls also peed a lot, but still I showed them what a really large bladder can do.

Joanna: I can imagine! Haha I would have loved to witness that! From a medical perspective!

Jessie: Haha.. I guess you will witness something similar today..

Joanna: Yes, this is true.

In the meantime, Fiona had called Hailey:

Hailey: Hi Fiona!

Fiona: Hi Hailey, we are on our way, and we will bring our very full test subject in about five minutes.

Hailey: Great! Thanks for the information, we will prepare everything here and make sure that Jessie has a smooth last couple of minutes of her experiment.

Fiona: Jessie said that she will try to go in standing position. But of course things might change.

Hailey: OK very good, thanks for the information, we will prepare accordingly.

Fiona: OK great, then see you very soon for the big show!

Hailey: Sure! I hope our test subject will manage to compose herself for the last couple of minutes!

Fiona: Yes, I hope so too!

In this moment, the car left the street that they were driving on, an turned into a smaller street, leading to the access point to the lab building where they were instructed to go. While Natasha would stay in the lab, Hailey would meet their guests at one of the access points of the building. Two other co-workers were positioned on the way from the building access to the test bench in lab D4, to ensure that the path was clear and that the elevator was ready when Jessie was arriving.

Joanna: Jessie you are doing great! We are nearly there!

Jessie: Haha yes I hope that nothing goes wrong on the last meters!

The ambulance took the last turn to reach the access point. It stopped directly in front of Hailey.

Joanna: Great, then let's get you safely on the test bench!

Jessie: Yes, but let's move fast, please!

Joanna: Sure!

They opened the doors and the super desperate Jessie stepped out of the car.

Hailey: Hello Jessie! Great that you could make it! Now we will be there in a second!

Jessie: Hello! Great! But can we walk fast, please?!

Hailey: Sure, follow me!

Hailey had seen Jessie's bulging bladder and could not really believe her eyes.

The group of women entered the building and walked quickly towards the elevator. Jessie was breathing rather heavily because she was focussing so much on holding her pee. It was a pretty spectacular situation that had never happened before in any NASA building: in front, NASA engineer Dr. Hailey Johnson, behind that in the middle NASA astronaut Dr. Jessie Lewis, dressed only with a urine containment system and a shirt and presenting an incredibly bulging bladder, next to Jessie on either side NASA suit technician Fiona Smith and NASA doctor Dr. Joanna Meyers.

Hailey: Only a couple of more meters, we are nearly there!

Jessie: Great!

The group entered the elevator to get up to the lab D4. A very desperate Jessie kept walking inside the elevator, while wiggling with her whole body from side to side.

Joanna: Jessie, you can do it!

Jessie: Aahh.. yess, but let's please hurry up!

The elevator doors closed, and a couple of seconds later the doors opened again, just next to the piss lab D4.

Hailey jumped out of the elevator and showed the way to their lab. The whole group was walking at a fast pace, Jessie was still breathing heavily and wiggling with her whole body.

Hailey: Jessie, we are here!

Jessie: Wow, cool! So how does this work?

Hailey ran to their urine containment system test bench, and explained that Jessie should step up the three steps to reach the platform.

Hailey: Here, Jessie! Please step on top of this!

Jessie: Wow, this is how my science fiction bathroom looks? Really cool!

Jessie stepped on top of the platform. Hailey followed her to immediately connect Jessie's already very full urinary containment system to the datalink cable that could transmit telemetry data.

Hailey: Please excuse me, I'll connect you to our systems!

Jessie: Uhm.. ok..

Jessie currently was only wiggling slightly with her body, and seemed to be somewhat in control of her bladder for the moment. For Hailey it was no problem to plug in the data link cable.

Natasha had already started with the final configuration of the instruments, now that Jessie had reached the test bench. Natasha did not yet talk to Jessie. When Jessie and her entourage entered her lab, Natasha of course immediately noticed the incredible bulge in Jessie's abdomen. Natasha was incredibly horny due to the whole situation, but for the moment she was super focused to manage to do the final calibration as well as possible.

Hailey began with final instructions for Jessie.

Hailey: Here we are, welcome to our test bench! You made it, congratulations!

Hailey: So first, please, if possible, do not yet start urinating immediately!

Jessie: Uhm, ok..

For the moment Jessie was somewhat overwhelmed by the whole situation. She realized that she really made it this far, and that now everything was nearly ready for her NASA-certificed world record pee. For the moment, she felt in very good control of her bladder, due to all of the excitement she did not feel a huge need to pee, mainly she felt that she had an incredibly large and full bladder.

Hailey: Great! So, Natasha is currently performing the final calibration of systems and will be done in at most two minutes.

Jessie: Uhm, ok. And then?

Hailey: Uhm.. let's wait for a moment until Natasha indicates that everything is ready..

Jessie: Sure.. uhm.. your test platform looks really impressive!

Hailey: Thank you! Yes I guess we will have to use it a couple of times in the future.

Jessie: Ah yes. Haha yes, sadly I have to say, that I am not so happy with.. uhm.. the performance of your science fiction diapers..

Everybody in the room except for Natasha who was still focusing was laughing.

Hailey: Haha yes, I can imagine. We are really sorry for this inconvenience, but we will find a solution for our very special customer..

Then Natasha was done with calibration and everything was ready for the big show.

Natasha: So, everything calibrated! Hi Jessie, welcome to the piss lab! I am Natasha, I am kind of the host for your peeing world record attempt!

Jessie: Hello Natasha! Haha ok! So now how does this work?

Hailey: So now, I guess it is your turn!

Everybody in the lab started laughing..

Natasha: So, if you want and if you are able to you can start to urinate. Best would be if you try to go in a standing position facing forward.

Hailey was still on the platform with Jessie and gently guided Jessie into the right position.

Hailey: Like this, if this is possible for you.

Jessie: Haha I am sure that I will be able to urinate!

Everybody in the room was laughing again.

Hailey: But please hold it for one more second that I can get into safe distance!

Laughter from all sides, and Hailey left the platform, now it was just all eyes on Jessie, everybody waiting for her super pee.

Jessie was currently feeling really desperate again, thinking about finally releasing the massive amounts of urine from her bladder. She was slightly shifting her body weight from side to side due to her desperation. However, she was also in absolute heaven and enjoyed this absurd attention for her inhuman bladder. She was not yet ready to end it all, she wanted to enjoy all of this for a bit longer.

Jessie: So you are telling me, that finally I can just relieve myself, exactly here where I am standing?

Natasha: Yes, this would be great!

Natasha was excited and horny as never before in her life.. She had checked the telemetry data that she got from Jessie's urinary containment system. She could not believe her eyes when she was looking at the data. She thought, now was the right moment to share some information about Jessie's epic pee in the simulator.

Natasha: Btw. Jessie, I have to say that we are a bit disappointed with your pee in the simulator, you only voided 2075 ml of urine.. I mean, this is probably the world record, but we are sure that you can do more?

Everybody was laughing. Hailey was really impressed by the number.

Jessie: Haha yes.. in the simulator I just had a little tinkle, this time I really need a piss!

And Fiona (who knew about Joanna's ultrasound measurement) said: Yes, this time Jessie will pee quite a bit more!..

Natasha: Great! So just as a little warning, your urinary containment system will fail relatively soon after you start urinating.. So it will start to make some alarm sound, and it will start leaking urine. However, this is absolutely no problem, please just continue to urinate until your bladder is completely empty.

Jessie: Thanks for the information! So your test bench is water proof?

Natasha: Haha yes, it is designed for this! It has seen a lot of pee already!

Jessie: Haha.. I am sure it has never seen THAT much pee..

Everybody was laughing again.

Natasha: Haha you are absolutely right, not THAT much. So far, only human beings have urinated on our test bench, and never a Jessie Lewis!

Jessie: Haha! Great! I guess then it is about time!

Natasha: Haha sure! We are all waiting for you!

Jessie noticed, that although she wanted to prolong everything for a bit and have a bit of super full super bladder small talk, she just could not hold it for much longer, it was really time to go.

Jessie: OK, great!.. *breathing in deeply* Then everybody please turn around such that I can finally pee!

Joanna and Fiona as a reflex really turned their heads away, and Hailey and Natasha looked somewhat confused at each other. However, directly after turning her head, Fiona announced:

Fiona: Haha I will just pretend to not watch, of course I will watch you when you take your world record pee!

Jessie: Haha no.. of course I want you to watch! Please watch closely, uhm.. for scientific reasons! Here we go, this is how to REALLY piss..

In this exact moment Jessie's bladder finally gave in. Just before going she inhaled reflexively, and then Jessie started to blast out urine into her already well-filled urine containment system. There was zero "startup" time, from the first moment Jessie was pissing like crazy.

For the first moment everyone and everything in the lab was quiet, it was only the sound of Jessie's powerful pee stream gushing into her urine containment system, and Jessie moaning from relief.

*PPPPPPSSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH*

Jessie: *Aaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh....*

Everybody in the lab was standing in awe, and just watching and listening to the astronaut with the super bladder relieving herself.

Natasha and Hailey also had an eye on the real time telemetry. For the first two seconds, Jessie was peeing around 100 ml per second. Only about five seconds into her pee, her urine containment system started to indicate that it failed (acoustically, and with eight flashing red lights).

*PPPPSSSSSSHSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH*

*BEEPBEEP* *BEEPBEEP* (the alarm of the urine containment system)

Jessie: Huh?

Natasha: That's fine, please just continue to urinate, you are doing great!

Natasha also turned off the beeping of the alarm remotely, so acoustically it was again only Jessie peeing like crazy.

From the next second on, a heavy stream of urine appeared in between Jessie's legs, under her urine containment system. With loud splashing noises a huge amount of urine hit the platform beneath Jessie.

Everybody was surprised by the large stream of pee coming out of Jessie's urine containment system.

*PPPSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH*

*Loud splashing noise*

Natasha: Whoaa... OK we have seen lots of pee, but never anything close to this..

Jessie's stream slowed down a bit from when she started but was still very powerful by any standards.

For Jessie a first huge wave of relief was kicking in, and she was just feeling absolutely ecstatic and slightly trembling of joy.

After a few seconds, Jessie's audience had somewhat recovered from their initial shock and excitement about Jessie's massive pee.

*PPPSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHH*

*Loud splashing noise*

Hailey: Haha it looks like you really had to go this time!

Jessie: aaaahhh..... yyyaaa..... [Jessie was currently unable to talk, she was just in pure ecstasy from relieving herself]

All of the audience started laughing. Jessie also started a combination of laughing and crying as she was overwhelmed by emotions.

For the next couple of seconds it was just Jessie urinating.

*PPPSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHH*

*Loud splashing noise*

A huge puddle of pee formed around Jessie's feet on the testbench platform. The platform had a slightly concave shape to guide pee towards a small drain under Jessie. However, the drain was not big enough to cope with the output of Jessie's bladder.

Jessie: "Aaahhhh....."

Jessie seemed to have recovered a bit from initially being completely overwhelmed by the situation. She also regained some control over her pee flow, and continued to pee at a rather standard rate, slightly holding back with her stream.

Natasha was also in absolute heaven. This was the hottest thing that she had ever seen in her life, and her heart was beating like crazy. She took the chance to talk to the very sexy and heavily urinating Jessie.

Natasha: Uhm.. Jessie?.. You wanna tell us how that feels?

Jessie: "Haha!.. Aaahh.. aah.. it.. ahhh.. feels.. uh.. haha.. sooo goood!..."

Everybody in the room started to laugh again.

Jessie was still feeling absolutely ecstatic, but she had regained control over her mind and body, while blasting large amounts of urine into her overflowing urine containment system.

*PPPSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHH*

*Loud splashing noise*

Jessie could talk again but was constantly laughing from the joy and relief that she was experiencing.

Jessie: But you know.. haha.. I'll have to write a bad review on.. hahaha Amazon for your ...hahaha shitty science fiction diaper..

Everybody in the room was laughing.

Jessie: haha.. I mean what is this.. haha.. I just drank five liters of NASA juice and then had to pee after holding it for seven hours.. and see what happened?.. ahahaha..

*PPPSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHH*

*Loud splashing noise*

Natasha: Haha yes we see.. Yes maybe the next time you just have to hold it until you reach the ISS and then hope that their bathroom is not occupied!

Everybody was laughing.

*PPPSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHH*

*Loud splashing noise*

Hailey: Wow.. I have to say your peeing so far is really impressive, Jessie.. and that's also quite a puddle of pee that you created on our test platform..

Jessie: Haha yes.. and I'm just getting started.. Yes I am getting pretty wet feet in your high tech super bathroom.. not impressed haha..

Natasha: Haha yes, I am sorry for that. As I said before, so far we had only human beings urinating on this platform haha..

Jessie: Haha.. you mean only tiny bladdered human beings?..

Natasha: Haha yes..

*PPPSSSSSSSSSSS*

*Loud splashing noise*

Jessie was feeling like in heaven. She was enjoying the tremendous relief of emptying her super bladder, enjoying the for her new feeling of pee gushing down her legs, and all of this while an audience was closely monitoring what she did.

It was now about thirty seconds after Jessy started to urinate. Natasha took the opportunity to share some fun telemetry data about Jessie's pee.

*PPPSSSSSSSSSSS*

*Loud splashing noise*

Natasha: OK Jessie, so you are currently urinating at around 25 ml per second, you voided so far over 1.3 liters. Just at the beginning of your pee you reached your maximal flow rate, at 122 ml per second.

Jessie: Ah yes, that felt really really good at the beginning! So cool to have this live data of my pee!

Natasha: Haha see, Jessie? Not everything is bad about your high tech diaper!

Jessie: Haha no no, it's great.. Haha at least until I take a quick tinkle in it, after that it is absolutey toast and probably just special waste..

Natasha: Haha yes, this is true.. we are working on that..

Jessie: So what was my max flow rate again?

Natasha: 122 ml per second.

Jessie: Hmm.. what's the record?

Everybody started laughing..

*PPPSSSSSSS*

*Loud splashing noise*

Natasha: You mean, in our lab?

Jessie: Uh.. yes for example.

Natasha: Hmm.. we don't keep track of this, maybe like 70ml per second?

Jessie: Hmm ok, I see. Haha.. Anyone knows what the world record is?

Natasha: I know that most NASA space urination systems are certified for a max flow rate of 100ml. However, it is really hard to find test subjects that can urinate at that rate and for long enough for the certification process.

*PPPSSSSSSS*

*Loud splashing noise*

Jessie: haha.. I could help..

For the last 15 seconds, during that conversation, Jessie again deliberately slowed down her stream, to prolong her urination and also to build up some internal pressure for some more pee-based entertainment for her urination-interested audience. She decided that it was the right moment to let out another high-pressure squirt of her pee, and for about two seconds she let her pee come out at full force, before again cutting back.

To increase the dramatic effect she complemented her massive pee stream that was clearly audible by everyone with some moaning.

*PPPPPPPPPPPPPSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHH*

*Loud splashing noise*

Jessie: Aaahhhhhh.. did I mention how fucking good it feels to piss?

Everyone was laughing again.

Hailey: Haha, good girl Jessie! Yes let everything out! We believe you that this must feel incredible!

Natasha: Haha good job Jessie, you again hit 105 ml per second! Yes, you could certainly help with certification, or even with testing to failure haha.. For high-pressure and high-volume testing and certification NASA collaborates with the world's leading research center for high pressure urination systems in Germany.

Jessie: I see, so funny, haha that's great, NASA needs German super-bladdered women to certify their equipment for tiny bladdered astronauts.

Natasha: Haha.. yes I guess this is exactly how it is.

Jessie: Anyway.. I guess you may have to give them a call after today?

Natasha: Uhm.. yes I guess we will have a long call with them to ask them if they have ideas, equipment and super-bladdered women that can somewhat keep up with your urinary capabilities..

*PPPSSSSSSS*

*Loud splashing noises*

Hailey: Wow Jessie, you are at 1.8 liters! Are you done soon?

Jessie: Uhm.. no..

Everybody was laughing again.

For the last couple of seconds Jessie was again holding back with her stream. However, now, a huge wave of desperation struck her, and she felt that she had to release pee with a powerful stream soon. So she decided that it was time to go all in with her peeing show.

Jessie: uhm.. so first, I'll give your German powerpissing colleagues something to ponder on..

Jessie prepared for releasing pee at her maximal possible flow rate. For this, she put her hands in her waist, and started to stand slightly on her toe tips. She was standing in a very self-confident and also somewhat provocative way.

Jessie: Watch closely..

This time, Jessie did not actually moan, however, to tease her audience maximally she did some obvious fake moaning, to show that she now was in perfect control of everything.

*PPPPPPPPPSSSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH*

*very loud splashing noise*

Jessie: "ooohh" [ironically]

Her already incredibly powerful stream continued to further increase in power

*PPPPPPPPPSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH*

*very loud splashing noise*

Jessie: "aaaahh" [ironically, while winking with an eye]

The stream of overflowing urine from Jessie's urine containment system was much bigger than ever before. It looked like someone was pouring water out of a large bucket.

Natasha and Hailey, more or less simultaneously while watching Jessie and the telemetry data in disbelief:

Natasha: Whooaaaa???

Hailey: Huuuhhhh???

Everybody in the room was bursting into laughter. Joanna and Fiona were close to laughing tears because of Jessie's absurd peeing performance. Natasha by now was even more horny than before and had trouble keeping it together..

Jessie: See? This is how you pee! Aahhh that felt really really good! Ha! I bet this was another world record!

In the meantime, Jessie's stream was back to normal, however the puddle beneath her further increased, and by now her feet were completely covered by her urine. Jessie couldn't care less.

Hailey: HAhaha, what. the. fuck.. am I witnessing here, Jessie this is absolutely crazy!

*PPPSSSSSSS*

*Loud splashing noise*

Jessie was still urinating, although at a relatively slow rate.

Hailey: Hahaha yes this was again really impressive.. you maxed out our pee flow sensor, for nearly two seconds you maxed out at 150 ml per second..

Jessie: Ahahaha.. See, I AGAIN broke your science fiction diaper haha!..

Hailey: Yes, it seems.. But how the fuck are you still peeing? We have you now at over 2400 ml (and this value is underreported because you maxed out the sensor), this is just not possible..

Jessie: Hahaha.. See.. still peeing.. [pointing her finger towards her crotch]

*PPPSSSSSSS*

*Loud splashing noise*

From the sounds, the pee splashing from her urine containment system, as well as from the telemetry it was clear that Jessie was still happily continuing with her world record urination.

Jessie's audience was laughing because of her incredible and still continuing pee..

Jessie: But I think that this will come to an end soon..

Fiona: Already?? Hahaha!!..

Everybody was laughing again..

Now Jessie was again really focused on urinating, to let out the remainder of pee that was sill left in her gigantic bladder.

*PPPPPPSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS*

*Loud splashing noise*

Due to that, her pee stream increased again a bit in strength. Jessie's body was slightly bent forward, she had her hands on her thighs. It was obvious that she was using all her concentration to completely relieve herself.

Her audience noticed that she was super focused, and for the moment no one dared to say anything, everybody was just watching her and listening to the still continuing hissing and splashing.

Jessie was also from time to time breathing heavily, and closing her eyes to fully focus and indulge in the moment. From her body language it was clear that she was again experiencing a lot of relief, from letting out the remaining pee.

This was continuing for a long time. Quietly, and in disbelief, Haley and Natasha observed the measured volume still going up.. Jessie was stil peeing with a flow rate fluctuating in between 15 and 25 ml per second.

*PPPPHHHH*

*Splashing noise*

2600..

*PPPPSSSHH*

*Splashing noise*

*PPPPSSHHH*

*Splashing noise*

*PPPPSSSHHH*

*Splashing noise*

2700..

Everybody was quiet and continued to listen in awe and disbelief because of Jessie's pee.

*PPPPPPSSSSSSssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss*

*Dripping noise*

*Pppsssssssssssss*

*Dripping noise*

*Pppsssssssssssss*

*Dripping noise*

*Pppsssssssssssss*

*Dripping noise*

2800..

Still everybody was quiet and continued to listen in awe and disbelief..

*ppsssssssssssss*

*Dripping noise*

Then Jessie realized that it was the last squirt of pee that she had in her..

*PPPPPPSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH*

*Splashing noise*

For a last time Jessie moaned, this time absolutely for real and like never before today..

Jessie: [moaning heavily] AAAAAhhhhhhhhhhhh...... I feel so fucking much better!!!!!!

Jessie exhaled, and was done with her world record pee.

The gushing and hissing noise had stopped, now it was quiet, except for the dripping of the pee that was still dripping down from her urine containment system into the massive puddle of urine that she was standing in.

Nobody was speaking, everyone seemed to be to some extent paralyzed from shock because of what just happened.

Then Jessie recovered from her state of total concentration and relief. She was smiling and looking around into the incredulous faces of her audience. A moment later, the smiling Jessie said:

Jessie: I'm done! .. Haha I really needed to go but now I'm done!

..

For the next couple of moments still nobody said anything.

Finally, Fiona was the first to say something again:

Fiona: Great! And yes, we could see that you really needed to go..

Jessie was standing foot-deep in a gigantic puddle of pee, only wearing a NASA urinary containment system that she had completely destroyed.

Jessie: Hmm.. so what now?

Hailey: Uhm.. let's get you out of your pee puddle, and then we'll get you uhm.. changed, that means, out of your urine containment system.

Jessie: uhm.. should I just step out?

Hailey: Yes, all that part of the lab is designed to handle pee, we can clean all of this without any effort.

Watching back in disbelief into the gigantic puddle of pee that was slowly running down the drain, Jessie stepped off the platform and walked down the three steps to the floor. There was still a lot of her urine dripping down from the urine containment system. Jessie was feeling a bit strange, dripping urine all over the place, but from Natasha's and Hailey's reaction this seemed to be completely normal.

Hailey slid into some pee-protective overshoes to protect her shoes, and then approached Jessie.

Hailey: Is it OK for you if I dismount your urine containment system?

Jessie: Uh.. sure.. but you will get pee all over your clothes?

Hailey: Haha that's fine, NASA is washing my clothes anyway, I can easily change.

Hailey: See, after I dismount this, you can take a shower, and then we have your clothes such that you can change back into your outfit.

Jessie: That sounds very good!

Hailey guided Jessie four steps behind a wall, such that they were view-protected from the other people in the lab.

Hailey: OK Jessie, then I'll dismount your urine containment system, OK?

Jessie: Uhm.. I know how to do it, I could do it myself such that you don't get splashed in my pee?

Hailey: Thanks, but this is no problem at all. And believe me, with a completely overfilled system it is better if I dismount it.

Jessie: Uhm ok.. Then feel free.

Hailey pressed the necessary buttons to configure the system to "unclasp", and as soon as the system opened, a huge amount of pee slopped out of the system. Although it was quite some time ago that Hailey had to deal with overfilled urine containment systems, she still had the routine to smoothly get Jessie out of it.

Hailey after disounting the system: Very good Jessie, now this will go straight to our lab for further examination, and you can take a shower.

After dismounting, the from the waist down completely naked and urine-covered Jessie and the urine-splashed Hailey holding Jessie's unmounted and overfilled urine containment system in her hands were opposing each other. Hailey was turning her head away, to give Jessie some privacy.

Jessie: Thanks a lot Hailey! Yes after over six hours in the simulator and all of this I really need a shower..

Jessie pointing to the still heavily urine-dripping unmounted urine containment system: uhm.. and.. good luck with this..

Hailey: Haha.. uhm.. yes.. we will see what we can do for you to get you dry to the ISS..

Jessie: I am sure! Again, thanks for this crazy experience.. this is for sure a once-in-a-lifetime crazy thing..

Hailey: Yes.. Uhm.. thanks to you for your incredible efforts today, to help us to fix the problems that we are currently having with uhm.. your bladder..

Jessie: Haha.. I have to say I somewhat enjoyed your insane NASA pee holding contest..

Hailey: Hahaha.. Jessie, you naughty girl!

The others were of course listening to their discussion, and everybody including Jessie and Hailey burst into laughter once again.

Hailey: And now go and take a shower!

Jessie: Sure!

And Jessie turned around to enter the shower.

Fiona: And Jessie! Don't pee into the shower!

Everybody was laughing again.

Hailey: Haha.. No, seriously, it is well possible that after this strain on your bladder you have to pee again very soon.. Of course you can pee into the shower if you feel any need to go..

Jessie: Haha, OK!

Jessie went to take a shower, and indeed, after a few minutes, she suddenly felt a strong urge to pee. She did not even try to hold back and just let it flow. She peed a strong stream for about ten seconds and felt again very relieved afterwards splashing down in between her feet. Jessie was not usually peeing into the shower (actually she had done this only a very few times in her life), but after her experience on the test bench she was by now very used to the feeling of pee splashing down in between her feet and just did not care at all. After finishing her shower, she found her clothes, and changed back into the Jessie Lewis that entered the simulator center in the morning of that day.

The successful simulator test was the only activity from Jessie's training program for the day. The next day was a Saturday, and mostly a rest day for the aspiring astronauts, the only activity was a two hour test debriefing in the afternoon, but for successful simulator tests the debriefing was usually pretty relaxed. The Sunday after was a day off. Jessie was really happy about the relaxed upcoming program, because she felt somehow really exhausted from what happened today.

The situation for Natasha, Hailey, and for a lot of people from mission control including Fiona and Joana was completely different. Their weekend was completely canceled, and all of them already had several emergency meetings scheduled, to see what could be done to handle the Jessie Lewis situation..

However, after Jessie disappeared for taking her shower, the remaining NASA staff in the room did not immediately start with their discussions, they first had to take care of some other issue.

Natasha: Sorry, I have to excuse myself for a second, I did not have time to pee all day.. I will be back in a second..

Fiona: I have to go too, OK if I join?

Joanna: Same..

Natasha: Haha then let's first resolve our bladder situations before we look into how to resolve the situation with Jessie's bladder..

The three women were heading for the women's restroom and entered. It was empty but had only two stalls.

Natasha: OK if I go first? Sorry but I am really bursting..

Fiona: Sure, you girls go first..

Natasha: Thanks!

Joanna: Thanks!

Natasha and Joanna entered the stalls, and both immediately started to pee powerful streams. Joanna's stream was a bit more powerful at first, but then diminished, and after about fifteen seconds died down. Natasha kept going strong. Joanna hurried to get out of the cubicle, such that Fiona could also empty her bladder. After Joanna had left the cubicle, Fiona immediately entered and started to pee. Joanna could not stop herself to comment on Natasha's pee that was now going strong for over thirty seconds by now..

Joanna: Wow Natasha.. You were not kidding.. Somehow this day it does not stop with urgent and huge pees..

Natasha: Hahaha.. yes.. I really had to go.. And until today I thought that I have a really large bladder..

Joanna: As a medical professional, from listening to your pee I can attest you that you indeed have a large bladder.. I still cannot really grasp what we experienced today, Jessie' bladder is kind of a joke of nature.

In the meantime, also Fiona started to pee with a powerful stream, a bit more powerful than Natasha's.

Fiona: Ahh.. I also did not pee for a long time.. This is nice, now we also have our personal Jessie Lewis moments.

Everybody started laughing.

Joanna continued to listen to her two heavily urinating colleagues.

Joanna: Wow, this was a really stressful day for all of us..

Fiona: Yes, and for our bladders..

Everybody started laughing again..

It was now over fifty seconds after Natasha started peeing, and she was still going with a decent stream.

Fiona's stream was getting more and more powerful.

Joanna: Oh my god Natasha, how bad did you need to go?.. I guess watching Jessie go just before must have been torture for you?

Natasha: Haha yes it was a bit difficult, but as I said, luckily I have a pretty strong bladder.. By the way, before watching Jessie pee, I already watched Hailey take a huge piss..

Fiona: Ah yes!.. So how did this work, exactly in the same way as for Jessie?

Natasha: Uhm.. quite similar, with the small difference that Hailey did not manage to overflow the system, although she also peed a huge amount..

After about 65 seconds, Natasha's stream died down rather suddenly.

Natasha cleaned herself up and left the cubicle. Now it was only Fiona peeing. She was peeing for about twenty seconds, and the intensity of her stream had increased significantly over time, she was now blasting out pee at a very high rate, and the sound of her pee was really loud and echoing through the room.

Joanna: Wow, you two girls really held a ton of pee for the sake of NASA and Jessie's mission.. I hope that you and your teams will get credit for your efforts and for what you achieved today.

After a couple of more seconds of high pressure pissing, Fiona's stream stopped.

After washing their hands, three very relieved NASA employees left the women's restroom and headed back to the lab D4.

In the meantime, Hailey had "stabilized" the Jessie's urine containment system, such that it could be further examined in the next days. In addition to that she had cleaned the "pee splash area" of their lab and removed all traces of Jessie's epic release. Jessie was still taking her shower.

Natasha was the first to speak, expressing what everybody was thinking..

Natasha: OK, we have a big fucking problem with this mission..

The other NASA employees agreed.

Natasha: Actually, there is a whole list of problems.. Depending on how the Strahler law works for Jessie, she will produce urine at an extremely fast rate. This means, for the ISS approach, but also for her return to earth, and most importantly for her absolutely crucial space walk service mission, we may need incredibly large urinary containment systems, or alternatively some creative solutions that would probably mean a complete redesign of the mission. ..which is probably not possible in the short time..

[Reminder from part 1: the Strahler law describes the rate at which kidneys produce urine in female astronauts under zero gravity as a function of bladder size. For details see part 1]

Fiona: Yes. OK, I can give you some context information from mission control and about the "big picture", in case you don't know. Because problems with this mission are actually very big problems for NASA in general.

Fiona: So, first of all, the mission NGSS-1 features a crucial service on the central power management systems of the ISS, in fact it is to some extent a redesign of the system, i.e. a very complicated procedure. This service is relatively time-critical.. Please don't share this information with anyone, but there are some potential problems with the current power management system, and the situation is getting more problematic over time. NASA is not at all happy about this and wants to and probably has to fix this as soon as possible.

Natasha: Thanks for the background information, I did not really know this..

Fiona: There is more. The specific spacewalk service procedure in this mission is technically and physically extremely challenging. Also, it requires an extremely well coordinated team effort. Jessie, Nathalie and Alexej are practicing the procedures together already for seven months. Back then, the plan was to have a full backup team, so three other astronauts were also practicing as a team. So the idea was, that for potential problems with crew members, one could either switch to the complete backup crew, or replace single members. 

/ Now, Jessie's job has the highest requirements.. There were actually 48 top aspiring astronauts applying for the job, and only two of them (one of them Jessie) managed to qualify for the job. However, two months ago, there was a highly-classified incident with Jessie's counterpart in the backup crew. I don't know what happened, and none of my direct colleagues know what happened, but as a matter of fact, Jessie's counterpart is not part of NASA anymore, and he will never be again. That means, there is absolutely no backup in sight for Jessie and due to the extremely high requirements and complexity it is not possible to find one now. Therefore it is absolutely crucial for the future of the ISS that NASA comes up with a plan to bring Jessie safely into space and to enable her to safely perform her spacewalk service mission as soon as possible.

Natasha: OK.. uhm.. ok.. hmm.. Well, thanks for this information.. hmm.. That's bad.. that's really really bad. This is the only thing that I can say right now..

Joanna: Yes I agree that this is really really bad.. Although I am not as much an expert as Natasha and Hailey for the topic, I can give some quick background about the Strahler law, i.e. the main problem that we are having to deal with. So, as you all know, the Strahler law describes the effect, that the size of the bladder determines the rate of urine production under zero gravity. Women with large bladders have a much faster urine production than women with smaller bladders. Scientifically, we do not understand at all what causes this effect. Strangely, this effect occurs only in female humans. There were monkey, apes, mice rabbits, dogs and many other species in space, and for none of them we observe this effect. This is what makes it scientifically so puzzling, and also hard to study, because science cannot use any model organisms.. the only way to properly study the effect, is to take women into zero gravity, which is extremely expensive as you know.

Fiona: OK, thanks for this information, yes this makes sense. Yes it would be great if we just had some pill against the Strahler law, then Jessie would not even need a urine containment system, she could just hold it and simply empty her 3 liter bladder after she's done.

Joanna: Yes, a pill would be great, but without having any idea of the mechanism or means to recreate the effect in the lab it is hard to develop a pill.

Joanna: For Jessie, medically this is quite a big problem.. The biggest bladder in space so far was 1.3 liter, we do not have any data for what the kidneys will do for a much much larger bladder. Probably, Jessie's kidneys will just run all the time at the maximum urine production rate that we can observe in normal gravity. However, we cannot say this for sure, maybe her kidneys will go in some "overdrive" mode, something that medically could be very problematic.

Fiona: Yes this makes sense, this sounds kind of dangerous.

Fiona: Hmm.. I guess the only feasible way to somewhat study the Strahler law would be these zero gravity airplanes that fly parabolas?

Natasha: Yes.. I think there are scientists that thought about using this. However, it was never done as far as I know. One problem is, that the zero gravity phases are really short (only 25 seconds if I recall correctly). So it is not clear whether the effect is really active, or if the onset of the effect is only after some time in zero gravity.

Hailey: Hmm.. however.. now, because this is NASA's biggest problem, it might be time to rethink.. Actually, we could try to experimentally determine the onset time of the effect: we have female astronauts with bladders of various sizes with their measured urine production rates in space. Put some of them into these planes and see (i) whether you can detect the Strahler law effect, and (ii) in case that you detect it, check if onset is immediate.

Joanna: Hmm.. I agree.. This sounds a bit like a desperate try, but I think for the sake of ensuring Jessie's safety as much as possible, we have use everything that has at least a tiny probability of working.

Hailey: Hmm.. maybe if a normal jet gets 25 seconds, then if NASA would use some jet fighters instead to fly parabolas, they could get longer time periods? Because they can get much faster, higher, and probably also "fall" further down?

Natasha: Very plausible.. Sounds a bit expensive, but for the sake of mission critical space pee pee research, this sounds like a plan.

Fiona: Yes.. compared to any part on the ISS, this is probably pretty cheap. Haha, if this works out and the short period zero gravity can really induce the Strahler law effect, then Jessie at some point will probably have to do a very long jet fighter flight..

Natasha: Haha yes, for sure. Then we will see if she first vomits or pees herself..

Fiona: Haha exactly.. However, astronauts that qualify for spacewalk mission must have an extremely robust stomach, so probably she can handle that..

Joanna: I heard rumors that her bladder is also pretty "robust"..

Natasha: Haha yes, but if the Strahler law kicks in, then even with her "robust" bladder she will eventually have to go to the little astronaut girls room..

Joanna: True. The little astronaut girls room will be out of order and under water after Jessie's visit.

The others agreed with that statement.

The group noticed, that Jessie was done with taking her shower and dressing up and just re-entered the lab D4 where the discussion just took place.

Joanna: Hey Jessie! How are you feeling?

Jessie: Hmm I don't know how to describe it. Somehow, "confused" maybe?.. What happened today was just very absurd and bizarre on so many levels. How are you guys feeling, you must be extremely exhausted from your super stressful day I guess?

Natasha answered: I guess we feel somewhat similar to what you express, we really have to first digest what we have seen today.. I guess we are a bit worried about how we can make your trip to space as safe as possible.. It seems that we do have an extremely complicated problem to solve.

Jessie: Yes, I see. It is the most absurd problem ever: In space, I pee way too much.. I understand that this is extremely complicated to solve.

Fiona: Yes, the problem sounds really absurd. But, as you know, this problem is really the biggest problem for all of NASA currently.

Jessie: Hmm.. yes.. if you say it like this, then this is really the pinnacle of absurdity.. You really have to let that sink in, oh my fucking god..

To be continued..

