Misson to the ISS - The Astronaut with the Super Bladder

Author: HitEmAll

*020*2023-02-18 10:35

Preparations for an Epic NASA Mission - Part 4

Jessie went to bed rather early that night. She was really excited for what was to come in the next days, but she was also very tired. She had a very relaxing sleep and got up at 7am in the morning. The day before, Dr. Meyers had given Jessie some instructions for this day of training. Jessie should take a pee after waking up, and then normally drink one or two coffees (that's Jessie's morning routine) and in addition to that one liter of water, just to ensure that Jessie was well hydrated and that there was already some urine in her giant bladder. So first thing after waking up, Jessie headed for the bathroom and sat down on the toilet. Jessie always took a pee early in the morning, but rather out of routine and not because she actually felt some need to pee. 

Today it was different, she felt a small need to pee. She opened her flood gates and a tremendous stream of pee started to shoot out of her. "Whoa!.." Jessie was slightly surprised by the amount of pee that she released. It felt really good, and Jessie thoroughly enjoyed the experience of very casually releasing a torrent of pee. She thought about the day and also about sexy Nathalie who wanted to join, and of course also about the other people at NASA that once again had all their attention only on her inhuman bladder. She was really looking forward to the day and specifically to again wow everyone with demonstrating her peeing abilities, she was determined to once again deliver a really good pee show. After about twenty-five seconds of blasting out pee like crazy Jessie was done. She continued with her morning routine, took a shower, got dressed, ate some breakfast, and drank two large cups of coffee.

Jessie was instructed to arrive at the main training facility at 09:30. Before leaving, she drank as instructed a few large glasses of water, in total nearly 1.5 liter. Nathalie had agreed to pick up Jessie and bring her to the training facility because Jessie's car was still there. Nathalie arrived at 09:05 and rang the bell of Jessie's apartment.

Jessie: Good morning Nathalie!

Nathalie: Hey Jessie! How is it going?

Jessie: Very good! Thanks for picking me up and for joining for my uhm.. "special training"!

Nathalie: No problem, and I'm really looking forward to observe your special training! Haha are you ready for your big pee pee instruction?

Jessie: Haha sure! Can't wait! Are you ready for the big pee pee show?

Nathalie: Haha I can't wait as well!

And Jessie and Nathaile headed for the training facility. On the way Jessie told the story of her crazy examination the day before, and that she completely flooded the room and also Dr. Meyers and Dr. Hall. Both women couldn't stop laughing, and Nathalie made all kinds of naughty comments about the situation and how much she would have enjoyed being in place of one of the doctors. At 09:20 two very cheerful future astronauts (one with a rapidly filling bladder that had accumulated already over one liter of urine) arrived at the main training facility.

Dr. Joanna Meyers welcomed them and led them into the facility. While they were walking through the complex, Joanna started to explain the program for the day in more detail.

Joanna: OK, as you know, today we want to test the system that allows you to urinate during your space walks. Before we start explaining the details, how are you feeling, could you take a pee right now?

Jessie indeed already felt some need to pee. She was surprised how fast her bladder apparently was filling this morning.

Jessie: I certainly could!

Joanna: OK I see, are you still feeling comfortable or are you desperate right now?

Jessie: I'm comfortable, but somehow my bladder seems to be filling really fast, so I think that in an hour or so I will be desperate.

Joanna: OK, I see. In case that you start feeling too full please tell us, then we would recommend that you go take a pee and release some urine and try to stop peeing after a while such that your bladder is still half full.

Jessie: OK sure, I will do that. But as I said, for the moment everything is fine.

Joanna: Great. So we want you to perform two test urinations today. First, we want to perform a test in the vacuum chamber to test the real system and if it performs as expected under space conditions. Natasha and her team together with the space walk suit engineering team last night managed to prepare one space walk suit with your urination system. We will briefly introduce you to the system and explain to you how the system works, and then in about thirty minutes we will suit you up and then you can perform the first urination in the vacuum chamber.

Jessie: Sounds great!

Joanna: Then, the engineering team has started to equip your under water training space walk suit with a similar system. This is not yet completed, but the plan is that at some point in the afternoon this will be ready. So by then probably you will be again ready to pee. In that training the aim is that you learn the actual procedure to perform when you go pee during your space walk.

Jessie: Very good, looking forward to that!

Nathalie: Me too!

They arrived in the dress up room for the vacuum test chamber. Natasha and Hailey were waiting there with Jessie's refitted vacuum space walk suit system.

Natasha: Hello Jessie, and Nathalie, nice to meet you!

Jessie and Nathalie both said hello. Natasha briefly introduced herself to Nathalie.

Natasha: OK, so we will do the instruction right here.

Nathalie was wearing gloves and grabbed the the system that would be strapped around and below Jessie's waist and crotch area. The key part was the higly optimized vacuum funnel and a mechanism that would push this vacuum funnel with about 40 kg of pressure from below against Jessie's crotch. The vacuum funnel was connected to a small air lock system that was usually sealed but could be opened for urination when the system was activated.

Natasha: So this is the system that you will be wearing "down there".

She briefly showed it and explained the different parts to the amazed Jessie and Nathalie.

Natasha: So, the procedure will be as follows: you cannot control this system yourself, we can control it from the ISS and from the ground station. So we will always coordinate this with you during your space walk.

Jessie: OK

Natasha: When the system is activated, it presses the funnel against your crotch area. This takes about four seconds. Then, the system performs a leak check that takes about four seconds as well. If the leak check is successful, then the air lock will open and create a connection in between your ..uh urethra and space. If this procedure is successful and the system reaches this "urination state", it will be indicated by a green light that you see in your helmet. If this green light is visible, you can start peeing.

Jessie: OK!

Natasha: It is not completely impossible that the leak check fails. In this case we try again to press the funnel against your crotch, that means we first lower the pressure and then increase it again. This should then eventually lead to a fully sealed vacuum funnel.

Jessie: OK!

Natasha: In the very unlikely case that during your ISS space walk mission we will not manage to get perfect sealing, you will have to abort the space walk and then empty your bladder inside the ISS. We think that the probability for this will be extremely low, and we will also thoroughly test this here on earth.

Jessie: OK, very good!

Natasha: OK.. That's already all the "theory" for the moment, and it is time for the uhm.. practical part.

Everybody was laughing. Jessie was wearing a dark gray NASA shirt, and by now her already over half filled giant bladder was once again very prominently bulging out.

Natasha obviously had immediately noticed Jessie's already very full bladder, and obviously it made her very excited once again. She was imagining the torrent of piss that Jessie would spray through the vacuum test chamber.

Natasha: Uhm Jessie, you look already "very" ready, are you still comfortable and is it possible for you to wait for a couple of more minutes?

Jessie: Sure, I can easily wait, I certainly do have to pee by now, but I am nowhere near desperate, so everything's fine.

Natasha: OK, great! So then we will first install your pee funnel system, then we will show you how it feels when it is activated, then we will suit you up for the vacuum chamber, and then it is show time!

Jessie: OK, sounds like a plan!

Then, Jessie had to completely undress her pants and panties such that the system could be installed. Then, Natasha helped Jessie to install the system. Jessie then tightened the belts that fixed the system against her legs and waist.

Nathalie was watching the procedure and really enjoying what she was seeing. She really enjoyed watching both the naked Jessie as well as Jessie wearing her high tech space urination system. The system was strapped around her waist. The top was elastic, so it was only pressing a little bit against Jessie's giant bulging bladder.

Nathalie: Very sexy Jessie! I love your new space underwear!

Everybody was laughing. Jessie herself felt really sexy as well. She was now really looking forward to emptying her bladder inside the vacuum chamber, as her bladder was still filling rapidly. She was looking forward to flooding the vacuum chamber while being watched by the very attractive women currently standing in the dress up room.

Natasha: Perfect! Jessie, how does the system feel, is it more or less comfortable to wear for you right now?

Jessie: Yes, absolutely! It feels really really comfortable I have to say!

Natasha: Great! That's very good to hear. OK, then I'd say we will test activate the system such that you experience the feeling when the system is activated.

Jessie: Very good!

Nathalie: But do not yet start peeing!

Everybody was laughing.

Natasha: OK, I'll activate the system.

*BRRRRRRRRRr*

A pretty loud rumbling noise hinted to the powerful hydraulic system that was activated.

Jessie: Uh.. Wow!

Natasha: How does it feel, is it uncomfortable?

Jessie: Uh.. no no, it is perfectly fine. The feeling that something is pressing so hard against your crotch is rather unusual but not uncomfortable at all.

Natasha: That's great to hear! Now the system performs a seal check..

There was a series of four very short hissing noises *PFT* *PFT* *PFT* *PFT*

Natasha: So this was not Jessie farting but the seal check.

Jessie: Hehe you don't know that for sure!

Natasha: Haha OK.. anyway, the seal check was successful, and now we are able to open the air lock inside the device.

There was another short whirring sound.

Natasha: And now the system would be in a safe configuration for urination.

Jessie: Cool! Uhm.. so far so good, sounds reasonable! It is a tad more complicated than just taking a pee into a swimming pool, but that's fine.

Natasha: OK, so now in space as long as you are in the right position and if you get the go from mission control you can empty your bladder into space.

Jessie: Great!

Natasha: Of course it is really important that in space you empty your bladder as thoroughly as possible, because we want to somewhat minimize the time that we need for pee breaks in space.

Jessie: Sure.

Natasha: Then you will communicate when you are done with peeing to mission control.

Jessie: OK sure. Just one more second, I'm nearly done!

Everybody was laughing.

Natasha: Haha OK. Then, when you are done with your virtual test pee, we will show you some more features of the system.

Jessie: OK, now I'm done.

Natasha: Great! Mission control will ask you back once if you are sure, and if you confirm, then we will first close the air lock, and then the system will depress. I'll do this now.

The system first closed the air lock with a whirring sound, and then with a rather loud *SSHHHHHHH* hissing noise depressurized.

Natasha: So how did your first virtual pee into space feel Jessie?

Jessie: Haha.. great! I think peeing into space will be a very nice experience! However, now I'm looking forward to a non-virtual pee!

Everybody was laughing.

Natasha [looking at Jessie's giant bulging bladder directly above her space urination system]: I can imagine, it looks like you are going to seriously flood our vacuum chamber! So it will take about ..uhm.. thirty minutes until you can empty your bladder for our first test urination inside the vacuum chamber. Do you think this is possible or do you want to release some pee before that?

Jessie: No no that's no problem, it was a joke. It is perfectly fine for me to wait for thirty minutes, I'm not desperate at all.

Natasha: Great! Haha Jessie and her super bladder!

Everybody was laughing again.

Natasha: OK, then we will quickly show you some of the other functions of your space urination system. We will quickly illustrate what would happen if the seal check fails. Then, the system will release pressure, a "wiggle" mechanism will try go wiggle everything into a slightly different position such that it hopefully works the next time.

The system went through the same "pressing" procedure, with the subsequent leak check.

Natasha: OK, now we simulate a failed leak check, then it will retry.

Jessie felt how the pressure reduced. Then, Jessie could feel that the vacuum funnel that was directly below her crotch was shaking with fast vibrations for half a second.

Jessie: Ah wow, I felt the wiggle mechanism!

Then the system again increased the pressure with the loud whirring sound from before. After four seconds, it again did the four seal check hissing noises, the air lock openend and again the system was configured correctly for urination.

Natasha: So, that's all for the moment. Let's deactivate the system and then suit you up for your vacuum chamber space walk.

Nathalie: ..and pee!

Everybody was laughing.

Natasha: Haha right!

Currently, Jessie was still a bit confused about how the urine would spray out of the space urination system and her space walk suit. So far, there was some part missing, there was only a connection thread and Jessie thought that probably some tube would be connected to carry her pee out of her suit into space.

And indeed, the next thing that Natasha explained was a tube like device. On one end it looked a bit like the "pee coming out" end of a shewee device, on the other end it had a very high tech looking metal part that could be connected to the port at the space urination system.

Natasha: So this is the last part of your urination system. This will be plugged in on the vacuum side of the space urination system. We are not yet exactly sure how the one will look that you will wear in space, but this is what you will use for today.

Jessie: Cool! I hope I will aim my pee into the right direction with this one!

Natasha: Yes, we will help you with that by observing you and checking that it is pointed in the right direction.

Jessie: Very good!

Natasha: You will have to relearn a few steps of suiting up Jessie for the space walks, with this system it has changed a little bit. For today I will do this.

Natasha attached the device to Jessie's space urination system.

Nathalie: Looks convenient your fix installed shewee device! Now you can pee anywhere!

Everybody was lauging.

Natasha and Nathalie helped Jessie suiting up for the vacuum chamber test urination. After about fifteen minutes Jessie was fully dressed up. By now, Jessie felt that her bladder was pretty full and that she really needed to go. She was wiggling a tiny bit with her right leg. By now, the suit was completely closed, and Natasha and Nathalie were communicating with Jessie via head sets.

Natasha: Jessie ..you seem a bit desperate, everything OK?

Jessie: Yes yes, everything is fine. I am a tiny bit desperate but I can easily hold it until my test piss.

Natasha: OK, very good. Yes this will be very soon, we are pretty much ready. As the final instruction I would like to show you the position in which you pee in the vacuum chamber, OK?

Jessie: Very good! Yes, I am really curious to find this out!

The three women walked towards the currently open and normally pressurized vacuum chamber. They entered, and Jessie and Nathalie noticed a large about 1.5 meter diameter and 20 cm high cylindric container made from transparent plastic.

Jessie: OK, I guess that's where I should aim my pee into?

Natasha: Exactly. Btw. it is absolutely no problem if for some reason there will be pee outside of this container, but we thought it might be easier to clean up with this.

Jessie: Sure, let's see if my aim is good enough!

Natasha: Haha we will help you, if you miss then it will be our fault. I will show you now the position in which we want you to try to urinate.

Jessie: OK!

Next to the container was a construction with metallic wall bars that were not vertical but slightly tilted towards the direction of the pee container. Jessie already had some idea about the position.

Natasha: We thought is might be a good idea to somewhat mimic the position that you will take inside the pool and then in space.

One of the wall bars was marked in red. Natasha grabbed that bar with her hands, had her feet on one of the lower wall bars, and was hanging over the container on the floor.

Natasha: We want you to try to urinate in this hanging position where you hang from this red-marked bar like this. Do you think you can do this?

Nathalie: Wow that's a sexy peeing position!

Everybody was lauging.

Jessie: Haha that's indeed an interesting position! I guess I can do this. I think I never before peed in this position, but I'm looking forward to try!

Natasha stepped down from the wall bars.

Natasha: Very good! OK, so then can you try to go into this position quickly to see if this works? Then we will leave the chamber and depressurize, and then you can go back into this position and pee.

Jessie: Sounds great! OK, I'll try!

Jessie grabbed the red-marked wall bar and climbed into position.

Natasha: Perfect, that's the optimal position.

Jessie: Very good! Wow this feels like a very comfortable position for urinating! Really looking forward to do this, I think this will be a very good test piss!

Natasha: Haha we are sure that you will do a very good test piss! OK, then let's get out of here such that we can perform the first vacuum urination test!

Jessie had immediately noticed several expensive looking cameras that were pointed towards her pee spot from all directions. Once again this was a very well supervised NASA peeing experience for Jessie, and she was absolutely looking forward to taking a massive piss inside the vacuum chamber.

Natasha and Nathalie left the vacuum chamber.

Natasha: Good luck for your test piss!

Jessie: Thanks!

Nathalie: And have lots of fun!

Jessie: Sure, I will! you too, enjoy the show!

Everybody was laughing, and Natasha closed the door of the vacuum chamber.

Natasha: OK, it will take about 4 minutes until we have depressurized to vacuum, and then you can finally pee.

Jessie: Great!

A pretty loud noise started and indicated that the depressurization had started.

Natasha and Nathalie entered the control room of the vacuum chamber. Natasha turned on the cameras that they had set up. In total twelve large screens showed Jessie's test pee setup from various angles. Jessie noticed that red lights lighted up in all of the cameras around her dedicated pee spot.

Nathalie: Yay! Front row seats for Jessie's pee!

Jessie: Haha.. are you sure that you set up enough cams for capturing everything?

Natasha: Sorry for that.. We really want to make sure that this system will work correctly and safe. We hope that you are not pee shy and can pee despite of all the cameras?

Jessie: Haha sure I don't think this will be a problem. And I was joking of course, I am extremely grateful that you guys do such a fantastic job! I really appreciate all the effort that all of the engineering teams put into this project.

Natasha: Haha very good! Btw. your suit is performing nominally, everything looks good. We are a bit over two minutes from full depresserization.

Jessie: That's great to hear! I'm feeling rather full by now, this will be a lot of pee today!..

Natasha: Haha we hope that you can make it for two more minutes!

Nathalie: Haha can we simulate some technical problem? I'd love to watch sexy Jessie do some pee dance inside the vacuum chamber!

Jessie: Haha Nathalie you are a naughty naughty girl!

Everybody was laughing.

Natasha: No I think poor Jessie is desperate enough and it is time that we let her relieve herself.

Jessie was feeling pretty desperate and was slightly wipping up and down with her legs. She was really excited about the things to come. She was very much looking forward to taking a massive pee in that weird hanging position that NASA's urination system engineers wanted, being watched by Nathalie, Natasha, and also tons of other people at NASA.

Nathalie: Haha wow look! Jessie is doing a bit of an astronaut's pee dance! Yes then it is really about time!

Natasha herself was also super excited about the situation and feeling very horny because of the expectation to see a very sexy and very huge pee by Jessie. She was very much fascinated by Jessie, her bladder and her peeing abilities.

Natasha: We are at 100 millbar pressure. Your suit is still performing nominally. Jessie can you hold it for two more minutes?

Jessie: Sure!

Natasha: Great, we try to reach 50 millibar pressure, that would be optimal conditions for this test.

Both in the control room as well as inside the vacuum chamber there were displays showing the current pressure. It slowly continued to decrease towards the target 50 millibar.

Nobody was currently talking, the three women watched the number on the pressure display decrease.

Jessie started to do a little bit of a pee dance, she rhythmically shifted her upper body around a tiny bit. For one reason because she was indeed pretty desperate, but also to give Nathalie and Natasha a good show.

Nathalie: Oh no poor Jessie! You are a big astronaut, you can hold it for one more minute!

Jessie: Haha no worries, I can absolutely hold it.

Natasha got more and more excited, for one because she (also) really enjoyed to watch desperate Jessie holding all that pee inside her giant bladder, but also because now the epic vacuum chamber test piss was really close.

Natasha: 50 mbar! We are there! OK! Then I guess it is your turn now, Jessie!

Jessie: Great! Thank god! I can really use a little pee break right now!

Natasha: OK, so then if you are ready for urinating, then please take the hanging position as before, then we will try to bring your space urination system into the configuration for urination.

Jessie: OK! Uhm.. one last question, should I stop peeing at some point or is it OK if I completely empty my bladder?

Natasha: Ah good point! Please completely empty your bladder! For the next test we will anyway first finish the installation of the system, so you will have enough time to fill up again. And then there is another technical reason why we want to restart with an empty bladder that we will explain later.

Jessie: OK, great! Then you will see lots of piss! I hope I won't overflow your container!

Natasha: Haha that wouldn't be any problem, but I think it's volume is 500 liter or so, so even for you this will be tough to do.

Jessie: Haha OK, I'll try my best! I first have to manage to hit it!

Natasha: Haha yes, as I said, we will help you with this.

Jessie: OK, great. So then let's start with this test!

Jessie took a deep breath and climbed into position, by grabbing the red marked cross bar, putting her feet also onto a cross bar. The shewee-like pipe that stood out of her crotch was aimed perfectly at the center of the large plastic container on the floor.

Jessie: OK, so is this position right?

Natasha: Yes, that's perfect. OK, so then we will initiate the switch to peeing configuration. Jessie please do not yet start to urinate!

Jessie: Haha sure! Thanks a lot for activating my science fiction pee system!

Jessie saw in the HUD display of the helmet an orange text "Switching to Urination Mode" and a large orange "PLEASE STAND BY". She then felt how the hydraulics in the system worked and how the vacuum pee funnel was pressed against her crotch.

Jessie: Wow so cool, really exciting!

She then noticed the four short bursts of some gas flow that happened for the seal check. She saw a green checkmark and the green text "SEAL CHECK OK". Of course the "[PLEASE STAND BY]" was still in place.

Natasha: OK great! Seal check was complete, now we can open the air lock and then you can try to start urinating!

Jessie: Great, then please do that!

Natasha: Sure! I activate the air lock.

Jessie felt in her lower body some vibrations that indicated that the air lock was doing something. After a short moment, her HUD display changed again. A green text "Air lock in urination mode" appeared, and the large orange "[PLEASE STAND BY]" turned into a green "[READY FOR URINATION]".

Natasha: OK, everything is ready, it is now safe to urinate. I think the last thing that I can say right now is "Fire at Will!".

Jessie: Haha OK! Great! Uhm.. yes I'll start in a second.. Uhm.. one last question: I feel like I have a lot of pressure and probably will pee very forcefully. Is there some problem with this, can this somehow break the system?

Natasha: Thanks for asking! No you can pee as powerful as you want, the system is very tightly sealed, there is zero danger that something could go wrong.

Jessie: OK Great! Thanks! Uhm.. is this the position right, am I aiming into the right direction?

Natasha: Yes, you are spot on! Haha not so shy, you can just let it rip! Please show us what you've got!

Jessie: Haha! Uhm.. sure! I will!.. Uhm.. hmm..

For the next ten seconds everyone was just waiting for Jessie's pee stream to start.

Jessie: Uhm.. I really really need to go, but I currently have a tiny bit of trouble to start..

Natasha: OK! Do you think you can urinate in this position?

Jessie: Yes yes absolutely! It is not really the position, I just currently cannot start.

Natasha: Ah OK, that's no problem at all. Then please for a second do not at all think about peeing and relax! There is no hurry at all!

Jessie: OK, I'll try!

Nathalie: I think I can fix this! Jessie, please take a deep breath!

Jessie: OK!

Nathalie: And then please try to focus on the sensation that you feel on your wrists!

Jessie: Uhm.. OK!

Nathalie: And continue to breath regularly! Can you feel your wrists?

Jessie: Uhm.. yes, kind of.

After a few seconds

Nathalie: Very good, then now try to focus on the sensation that you feel on your calf!

Jessie: Uhm.. OK?

Nathalie: Please focus as hard as you can. You can clearly feel your suit touching your calfs, right?

Jessie: Uhm.. yes, sure.

Nathalie: Great! Focus very much on that!

Jessie: OK..

Nathalie: OK, then Jessie, please take a few more deep breaths!

Jessie: OK! *breathing slowly in and out*

Nathalie: ok now.. do you still need to pee?

And Jessie suddenly noticed again her very full bladder, the huge pressure and her urgent need to relieve herself. Now there was no holding back, Jessie was relaxed enough such that her bladder could start emptying itself.

Jessie: Oooohh!!....

Pretty much immediately Jessie started to pee. Jessie felt this huge pressure inside of her. At first she started to pee with a normal stream, but after a few moments she could release urine at a very high flow rate.

Nathalie and Natasha were happy that this had worked so well. They really enjoyed the moment when Jessie released the first amounts of pee and a nice stream of pee started to shoot out of her. The direction of the tip where Jessie's pee came out was a few degrees away from vertical, so at first her stream had a slightly "ballistic" curve, meaning that it was not just going straight. After a few moments, when Jessie started to go full stream, the pee stream turned pretty much into a 1 cm thick laser stream of pee that did go 100 straight and hit the plastic container that was collecting all the pee with very high force.

Jessie: Ahhhhh!! oohh.. I really needed that!..

A laser stream of pee continued to shoot out of Jessie, hitting pretty much the center of the container below her.

Natasha and Nathalie attentively observed Jessie finally relieving herself. Both of them were feeling really happy and excited and did not say anything.

After Jessie had experienced the first wave of tremendous relief after releasing a little bit of pressue, she noticed that her HUD display showed a new text "[URINATING]" and to the next statistics of her pee. It was currently showing [600ml, 55ml/s, max 90ml/s].

Jessie: Wow! Live telemetry of my pee! So cool!

By now, Natasha and Nathalie also were again able to speak. However, they both were watching closely on multiple screens the torrents of pee shooting out of Jessie.

Natasha: Haha yes! We have that too! Great peeing so far!

Jessie: Haha thanks! Ahhh.. there will be quite a bit more of peeing..

Nathalie: Haha yay! Very good pissing you sexy astronaut!

Jessie: Haha thanks for your help! That was very convincing, I had to pee sooo bad after your meditation trick.

Nathalie: Haha I'm glad that it worked so well!

Jessie was relentlessly shooting out a forceful stream of pee. The telemetry showed now [1250ml, 40ml/s, max 90ml/s]

Jessie was feeling extremely happy and horny. She was thoroughly enjoying her tremendous pee. Of course she wanted to find out if she could again max out the flow rate measurement system.

Jessie: I still really really need to go, let's see if your system really can handle very powerful peeing..

Jessie started to hold back her stream, to increase the feeling of pressure inside her. The telemetry now showed [1550ml, 15ml/s, max 90ml/s], and also the pee stream looked significantly thinner than the massive stream from before. Then Jessie let her pee out at maximum force.

Jessie: Ahhhhh!!!!

For the next three seconds a tremendous stream of piss shot out of Jessie. After Jessie's burst of pee was over, the telemetry probably correctly showed her maximum flow rate [1950ml,30ml/s,max 185ml/s]

Nathalie: Wow Jessie! You are the best pisser in the world, you have peed now over two liters and you are still going!

Jessie: Haha of course I am! Haha and it seems that everything is still working fine and this system can handle my bladder output! It seems that I could not even max out the flow meter this time!

Natasha: Haha yes the test is very successful so far! And your peeing is once again just amazing! How is your peeing experience so far?

Jessie: It feels really great! I don't have anything to complain about, this is certainly one of the most fun pees of my life!

Nathalie: Haha so cool, and we can watch it!

Jessie was still peeing.

Jessie: Haha it is also so much fun because all of you are watching!

Nathalie: Haha you are a naughty naughty girl as well, Jessie!

Jessie: Haha I know.

Jessie was still urinating. The telemetry now showed [2225ml,25ml/s,max 185ml/s]

Nathalie: And one that is peeing very very large amounts, wow you are still going!..

Jessie: Hehe enjoying the show?

Nathalie: Very much, that's exactly what I paid for!

Jessie: Ahhh.. but that's the last drops!

After a few more seconds the stream coming out of the tip of Jessie's pee device stopped.

The pee telemetry showed [2395ml,0ml/s,max 185ml/s]

Natasha: OK, great, amazing piss! Now please take your time to make sure that your bladder is really empty, and then we can deactivate the urination mode.

Jessie: OK!

After a few seconds, Jessie confirmed: Uhm yes, I am all done! You can deactivate the urination mode!

Natasha: Alright! Deactivate!

Jessie felt the by now already familiar hydraulic operations around her crotch area. her HUD display informed her that urination mode was deactivated, and that the system was changing back to the normal mode.

A few seconds later Jessie's space suit was back in normal mode.

Jessie made some up and down movements with her body trying to shake of residual pee from the tip of her pee exit.

Jessie: Shaking it off? Or is that not necessary?

Natasha: Haha.. uhm.. for the moment that's not necessary. To be fair, we have not yet 100 percent worked out the full procedure. We will think about this today and in the next days.

Nathalie: Wow Jessie! You really did manage to not overflow the container it seems! That's a first!

Everybody was laughing. The large cylindric container was filled with maybe 1.5 cm of Jessie's pee.

Natasha: OK great! Everything worked perfectly during this first test it seems! That's very good!

Jessie: Oh yes, this was very good, I feel much better now!

Natasha: Haha very good! OK, then we are done for now. We will repressurize and then you can leave and you are done for the moment. I will head over to engineering and join my team, they are finalizing and testing your refitted underwater suit.

Jessie: Great! Thanks for all your efforts, and then I guess see you later at the training pool!

Natasha: Thanks as well! Yes, see you there, hopefully for the next successful test piss!

Jessie: Looking forward to it! I'll bring a bladder full of pee, you bring your science fiction pee system!

Natasha: Great! We'll do our best, but we still have some final testing to do, so we are not exactly sure when we are ready.

And with this Natasha left and headed out, to join her team working on Jessie's underwater suit.

Then they repressurized the vacuum chamber. After that Jessie left the chamber and then Joanna and Nathalie helped Jessie to get out of her space suit. The last step was dismounting Jessie's high tech space urination system. Joanna explained to Jessie and Nathalie how to do this. After that, Jessie got dressed again.

Joanna explained to Jessie and Nathalie how to clean the system correctly after a space walk to ensure that it stayed 100% sterile. Joanna then gave some further explanation about how to mount and dismount the system. After this, the two astronauts were done for the moment, except for one special procedure for Jessie..


