How They Met

Author: hoimi

*000*2018-05-01 18:45

Disclaimer: The characters Lyra and Sosha that I am using are from the website HD Wetting and HD Diapers. My work is fan produced. This story is original to me and does not carry any sort of official sanction from HD Wetting or Fuzzy Squirrel Productions.

Warnings for adult language, situations, and not having a beta.

Lyra sat in the front seat of her car sideways, with the door open, while lacing up her walking shoes. The day was beautiful, as early Spring had finally broke through the heavy grasp of Winter. She breathed deeply, taking in the scent of blossoms on the wind.

She desperately attempted to let nature erase her shitty day at work. Her team was incompetent, the product was half-done, and the due date was Tuesday. She’d have to pull the whole update out of her ass over the weekend. Salaried employees didn’t get overtime, but she knew that the 65 hours she’d put in for the week were far from done.

Fuck it, it was Friday. It was absolutely gorgeous outside, and she had time to enjoy it, dammit.

She slipped back into her little car. It was tiny, but it was her first. Sure, she rode public transportation most days to work, but there were days that she’d hop in her little VW GTI and go for a drive. Pleasure in the small things, she guessed.

With another deep breath, she leant over to grab her bag, when a brunette a few meters away caught her eye.

The woman looked a bit taller than Lyra, with highlights in her shoulder length brown hair. She wore cute glasses, with thin frames. Her brown eyes were catching, but held a hint of distress. Lips drawn thin and pouting, the woman seemed upset. She had perky breasts, with the outline of a lacy bra under her t-shirt. Her jeans were faded and torn at the knees and she wore trainers similar to Lyra’s.

Lyra’s attention was drawn back to her troubled face. The woman took to her phone, having a harried conversation. Her lips were still tight.

For just a moment, the woman bent at the middle, slipping her hand between her legs.

Holy shit, Lyra thought, she has to pee. What would make her shit week better? A gorgeous woman desperate for a pee as she secretly watched on. She smiled to herself.

There were Port-A-Johns around this park, but they were notoriously horrible. Lyra had once had to use one and it’d looked like someone had flung shit all over the door.

The woman was bouncing from foot to foot, looking as though she was trying to keep back a torrent. She bent at the middle again, pressing her thighs together tightly.

The phone call looked to distress her further, as she began speaking with her hands. The woman punctuated her words with sharp gestures.

Lord, this was hot.

The woman’s actions drew the ire of a large moustached man who threw her a scowl from his spot on the nearby park bench.

Again, she bent at the middle, slipping her hand between her legs for just a moment.

The man rolled his eyes and kept his disgust trained on the woman.

She returned to her call, her hands now pleading.

Lyra turned toward the sudden roaring of a large sanitation truck pulling up. Two men in soiled uniforms left the truck, unfurling long hoses, heading for the Port-A-John.

Noticing that the woman’s one choice for relief was suddenly gone, a pang of empathy grasped her heart. As hot as it was that the woman was desperate, Lyra didn’t want to her to be in trouble. If that woman were to have an accident, Lyra wanted her eyes to be the only ones who saw.

Lyra returned her gaze back to what she wanted to see, as the woman looked to be in greater distress, thighs tightly pressed, with her left hand between her legs. Squirming, she looked to the Port-A-John, blanched, and turned her back to Lyra.

There was an audible gasp elicited from the suddenly still woman.

Attention held fast, Lyra stared at the woman’s bottom, noticing a small wet patch forming. She got out of her car making her way toward the action, as the furious man stood. Lyra’s eyes were trained on the accident as it unfolded. The wet spot grew in size, streaking down the woman’s jeans. Rivulets of gold streamed forth, soaking her backside. The woman relaxed the tension between her legs and a hissing surge broke forth, running the length of her legs, and pooling at her feet.

“‘The hell is wrong with you?” The man demanded, an accusational finger jabbed in the woman’s direction. “Were you raised in a goddammed barn?”

The woman turned towards him, a shamed scowl on her face. “Leave me alone.” She looked down at her wetting, as her jeans still dripped.

The man went red. “Excuse me?” he began, nearing ever closer. “How dare you, you stupid bitch? This is a public park. Have enough respect for yourself and the other people around here to not be so nasty!”

Lyra was there as the man’s tirade tore into the woman. She daren’t speak up, but instead, she slipped her hand around hers.

The woman looked down at her hand and sucked in a sob. Confusion quirked her eyebrows.

“I’m so sorry I’m late,” Lyra said, voice quiet from fear. “But I’m here. Let me get you home.”

The man’s scowl soured. “Oh.” He looked as though he’d figured it all out. “Ya’ll’re dykes and this is some kinky game, isn’t it?”

Lyra tried to ignore his words, but his ignorance stung. “Let’s get you home. Okay, sweetheart?”

The woman took Lyra’s hand. “Okay,” she said, as she strode away with newfound confidence, nearly dragging Lyra behind.

Lyra regained her wherewithal and lead the woman toward her car. “It’s the grey GTI.” Lyra fumbled with her keys, unlocking the car with the remote.

The fuming man followed, shouting horrid things at the two. “Freaks like you are what's ruining this country!”

Lyra wasn’t going to let this asshole get at her or the woman she was suddenly protecting. She opened the door for the woman.

“What about your seat?”

“It’s okay,” Lyra said, ushering the woman to the open door. “I just want to get us the hell out of here.”

The woman sat and Lyra closed the door for her guest. The asshole man made he way closer, shouting on about nonsense. She flung her door open and leapt inside, slamming the door closed. She puffed out a long breath, turning toward the woman. “I’m Lyra, by the way.”

The woman lit up with a giggle. “Sosha.” She offered her hand for a shake.

Lyra took Sosha’s hand and shook. “Are you okay?”

Sosha sobered and she breathed out a stuttered sigh. “Yeah.”

“Where to?”

“119 McGinty. It’s right past the intersection of 27th.”

Lyra popped her keys into the ignition and turned her car on. She knew where the location was, as it wasn’t too far from where she worked.

The angry man stood before them, shouting, and in moments, the two left him in the dust.

“Are you sure you’re okay?” Lyra asked.

Sosha stared out the window, watching the passersby. She heaved a sigh. “That wasn’t my first public accident.”

“Oh.” There was a moment of silence. “You’re okay, though?”

“Other than that asshole telling us that we’re going to hell and my ex blowing me off, it was almost fun.”

Hoo boy, what did that mean? “Was that your ex you were talking to?”

“Turn right here.” Sosha pointed at Cross Avenue. “Yeah. We broke up a few weeks ago. She moved out right after. Now she just comes over for casual sex. I was really hoping for a ride today, though.”

Broke up. She. Casual sex. Sweet lord, this woman was perfect. “I’m really sorry I didn’t step in earlier.”

“It’s okay, Lyra.”

Lyra shivered deep inside at the way Sosha said her name.

“I, uh, I peed myself at work a few years ago,” Lyra began. “It was the most embarrassing moment of my life.”

Sosha turned to face Lyra, her curiosity piqued. “Really?” Her voice was like velvet and her eyes, half-lidded, looked sultry. “What happened?

Oh God. Lyra just wanted to make Sosha feel better with just a tidbit. She didn’t want to talk about the moment of her life that she wished she didn’t exist.

“Oh, uh, I, uh…” Lyra could feel her face go red.

Sosha was still looking.

Lyra puffed out a tiny sigh and began. “I moved here for work after college. I’m from the Midwest originally. I did really well in school.”

“Make a left up here,” Sosha directed with a point.

“I was accepted to Miami of Ohio. Buckled down. Graduated Magna Cum Laude.”

Sosha giggled.

“I know, but I graduated top of my class in business. I got sniped by GloboChem right away. They offered me way too much money and a signing bonus, so I took it.” Lyra took the left, a bit of confidence in her worth seeped into her words. “Moved out here.” She sighed again, glancing downward. She wasn’t proud of the moment she recalled. It wasn’t fun or sexy. It was a humbling embarrassment. “My first big meeting I had to give info on the product we’d been working on and I was incredibly nervous. I knew everything about I needed to know, but it was still scary. I went in having to pee. The meeting was 3 and ½ hours, with a ½ hour break in the middle. I couldn’t break away to pee. I gave our presentation, but half-way through the other team’s presentation,” she sighed again, “I couldn’t hold it anymore and I wet myself.”

Sosha frowned. “I’m sorry.” She placed a warm hand on Lyra’s arm.

“When I was cleaning myself up, the COO came in to check on me. She got my gym bag for me and said that there were two things to know about meetings. Either you take your piss break or wear a diaper.”

Sosha’s eyes went wide and her jaw dropped. “Holy shit.”

“That’s what I said. I mean, this is the COO of a Fortune 50 company and I didn’t see her leave to pee for the break.”

There was a moment of laden silence.

“Do you wear diapers?” Sosha asked. “I obviously didn’t today… But I do sometimes.”

Sweet Lord, if I could slam on the brakes and fuck her now, Lyra thought, I would.

“Uh.”

“I wear them around the house or for long trips. I don’t like running in them because they chafe,” Sosha said, looking a bit sheepish. “I kind of wish I’d have worn one today, though. That guy was a real ass hat.”

“I’m super sorry about that. Had I known that he’d have lost his shit, I’d’ve come to your rescue sooner.”

Sosha quirked a half smile. “Were you watching me?”

Lyra felt her face go red again.

“Did I put on a good show?” Sosha said, a sultry tone in her voice.

Shit. Lyra was glad she was wearing a pull-up to contain the amount of wetness Sosha was eliciting from her.

“We’re, um, we’re almost there.”

“Thanks for saving me. Can I call you sometime?”

Fuck yes. “Sure.” Lyra slipped her hand into the pocket of her leggings and pulled out her phone. She unlocked it with her Face ID and offered it to Sosha.

“Ooh, fancy.” Sosha went into Photos and swiped around. “I heard the camera is really good on these things.” Lyra was obviously a smart girl and kept questionable material off of her phone, as all of her photos were boring. Sosha went into the camera app and took a selfie, catching her damp midsection in the picture. She added her information to the contacts and left the wet selfie as the contact photo.

“Did you just take a picture of yourself?”

“I was checking out the camera.”

Lyra pulled up in-front of the split level house. It looked quaint, with plain window dressings and a cat on the porch. “We’re here,” she said while putting the car in park.

“Aww,” Sosha purred. “I was hoping to get to know you better.”

“You can call or text me anytime. I work a lot, but if I’m free, I’ll respond. I’m good for rides too.” Lyra turned to Sosha.

Sosha was waiting with a kiss. She gently laid her hand to the side of Lyra’s face and met Lyra’s lips softly.

Holy fucking shit.

Lyra leant in, enveloping Sosha’s lips with her own. Sosha slipped a hint of tongue before breaking away, shyly wiping the edge of her lips with her thumb.

Sosha opened the door. “Maybe next time, I can tell you about me.”

Lyra went red, the lust draining from her, as she realised that she’d monopolized the conversation. “I talked the whole time! I’m so sorry!”

Sosha gently shook her head. “It’s okay. You were cool enough to give me a ride in my wet pants. I can, at least, listen to you open up to me about your embarrassing accident.”

Sosha placed her hand back on the side of Lyra’s cheek. “Next time…” She leant in for another kiss.

Though all of this made Lyra hungry for more than a kiss, she responded in kind, meeting Sosha’s lips. This kiss was more passionate, as Lyra locked her lips against Sosha’s, both offering tongue.

Lyra’s hands moved to Sosha’s shoulders, questing and rubbing. Sosha did the same, but both were at a disadvantage, as the front seat of Lyra’s GTI didn’t hold enough room for a comfortable make-out session.

Sosha pulled away first, but jumped back with a quick playful peck. Lyra went red again, pulling away sheepishly.

“Can I call you tonight? I need to take a shower.”

Lyra sobered a bit. “Sure. Sorry.”

“Don’t be sorry! I’m the one who peed their pants!” Sosha quieted for a moment. “Oh my God, are you sure your seat’s okay?” She sat up, checking her damp bottom. Sure enough, the wetness had seeped through, darkening the fabric seats. A waft of urine and musk filled the small car.

Lyra waved her hands. “It’s okay. Jon at the dealership knows me. I can get it detailed this week.”

“You’re sure?”

“Positive.” It was Lyra’s turn to peck Sosha on the cheek. “A wet seat is a small price to pay for getting to meet you.”

Sosha went red. “I’ll call you tonight.” She left, closed the door, and rushed inside.

Slumping back into her seat, Lyra exhaled deeply. Suddenly, she had something to look forward to over the weekend and her mind raced as she made her way back home.

*003*2018-05-02 02:22

Disclaimer: The characters Lyra and Sosha that I am using are from the website HD Wetting and HD Diapers. My work is fan produced. This story is original to me and does not carry any sort of official sanction from HD Wetting or Fuzzy Squirrel Productions.

Warnings for adult language, situations, and not having a beta.

Lyra had remoted into work after getting home from one of the most memorable moments in her recent history. She kicked off her shoes, changed into her pajamas, and tucked in, ready for a late night of project management.

Her stomach protested the lack of dinner a few minutes into her working. After dragging out leftover Chinese from the night before, she brought her food to her desk, where she proceeded to work and eat.

She finished the stir-fry, with limp, soggy vegetables, sucked down a bottle of Mexican Coke, and returned to fight against a looming deadline.

Hours passed, and the only way Lyra could tell was the shuffling of her playlist of music.

Suddenly, her phone jingled to life, the screen shining bright in the dim room.

I’ll bite, she thought.

Holy shit. Fuck work.

Lyra slammed her laptop closed. Her rising libido brought speed, and she raced around her flat, changing back into a t-shirt, leggings, and slip on shoes.

I’m going to get laid.

Rethinking about leaving her team high and dry, she reopened her laptop. Remoting back in, she changed her message to Unavailable in an attempt to stave off the flood of stupid requests and messages that she knew were incoming. This time, she gingerly closed her work laptop.

Serves them right. I’m off to get laid.

Offering up one final message, before bolting out the door, Lyra replied:

*007*2018-05-03 15:27

Disclaimer: The characters Lyra and Sosha that I am using are from the website HD Wetting and HD Diapers. My work is fan produced. This story is original to me and does not carry any sort of official sanction from HD Wetting or Fuzzy Squirrel Productions.

Warnings for adult language, situations, and not having a beta. This is a work of fiction, as I have never had lesbian sex, and only have videos from the site as a point of reference. This is also my first smutty work. Please keep these things in mind as you read. I apologise to everyone offended.

Lyra drove just above the speed limit the whole way. The trip was a blur of lights and the blare of her music. Her pulse was fast, with excitement humming beneath her skin.

Pulling up outside 119 McGinty, she steeled herself, exhaling a controlled breath. She robotically put her car in park, threw on the emergency brake, and turned off the ignition. Again, she breathed deeply.

I’m going to get laid. It’s been too long.

With all the control she could muster, she exited her vehicle, locked it, and walked up the front footpath to the house. From outside, it looked as though there were lights on both up and down stairs.

Before she could knock, the door burst open with a squeal of delight from Sosha. “Hey, baby!” Lyra found herself engulfed in a huge hug. She squirmed a bit, unable to process the shock of what had happened.

“Hey,” Lyra mustered after a few moments.

“Come in! Come in!” Sosha grabbed Lyra’s hand and drug her right inside, slamming the door behind them. “I have a present for you.”

“Really?” Lyra’s eyebrows popped up in curiosity.

Sosha took her mark, standing on a placed chux pad on the floor. “I have to pee so friggin’ bad.”

Lyra’s eyes went wide, her jaw dropping as she took in what was unfolding before her.

Placing her hands on her hips, Sosha stood still. A torrent burst free from her middle, raining down onto the pad, liquid gold streaking down the lengths of her jeans clinging to her tight thighs. Puddles grew around her bare feet.

Holy shit.

“Holy shit.” Lyra was amazed at the sexual beauty of what she had just seen. Her pulse quickened as her libido grew. She could feel her core throbbing, aching for release. “I can’t believe you just did that.”

Sosha’s elation deflated a bit. “You no like?”

“Quite the opposite. I want to fuck you so hard right now.” Lyra tried to maintain her cool. She could feel herself shaking with anticipation. “Is there somewhere we could go and have sex?”

A giggle bubbled from Sosha. “Upstairs.” Quickly, she snatched Lyra’s hanging hands and pulled her toward the staircase. “Follow me!”

In moments, the two were up the stairs and in the first room to the right. A neatly made bed, nightstand with a lamp, a chest of drawers, and a sparse desk were the only furniture in the room.

Sosha leapt onto the bed, and on her hands and knees, she beckoned Lyra close.

“Let me help you out of those wet clothes,” Lyra said, offering her hands in assistance.

Sosha giggled. “I forgot about the pee,” she said, sheepishly. Coming to half her height, still on her knees, she tugged off her shirt, exposing her bare belly and her lacy black bra. Her navel was pierced and held a bar with black balls on the ends. Tips of tattoos that followed her pubic bone peeked out from the waist of her jeans.

The sight sent a wave of lust rushing through Lyra.

Sosha came to a sitting position and fumbled with the fly of her jeans.

Lyra took ahold of the wet denim and tugged. “The sooner we get you out of those, the sooner we can do this.” She had to fight to control her breathing, as she could feel herself panting.

Taking the cue, Sosha sloughed off her wet jeans and panties together, tossing them in a heap on the floor. She then spread her legs out wide on the bed.

“What do you want to do?”

Blind lust compelled Lyra to leap forward, hands questing, and go down on Sosha. Her lips and tongue explored Sosha’s wet crevasse, gently licking and sucking as she went along.

Sosha bucked, as she grasped handfuls of duvet. Moans of pleasure echoed throughout the room.

Lyra’s tongue found the clitoris, as Sosha’s whole body tensed and she sucked in a gasp. Lyra began her work, rubbing the tip of her tongue swiftly back and forth across it. She gently kneaded Sosha’s breasts with her hands.

The moans came quicker, and the pitch went higher.

Lyra’s deft fingers found Sosha’s erect nipples and she began to pinch and tweak at them.

Sosha’s breaths came in pants between her cries of ecstasy.

In moments, Sosha’s body tensed and arced, howling in delight. “Fuck!” she shouted. Shivers of pleasure rippled along her muscles.

Lyra raised her head, eyes alight. “Was it good for you?”

“Shit,” Sosha said, breathlessly. She curled in on herself, panting. The wind returned to her lungs and she her whole body quivered one last time. “It’s about to be good for you. Get up here.” She beckoned her lover forward.

Lyra shrugged out of her shirt and peeled off her leggings. She crawled onto the bed, still wearing her bra, panties, and socks. Her eyes burned with sexual desire.

Sosha took hold of Lyra’s bra strap and pulled her lover forward. Lyra collapsed against Sosha, who then wrapped her arms around her lover’s chest to unfasten her bra. Tossing the bra aside, Sosha grasped at Lyra’s freed breasts, while planting kisses along her lover’s neck. With a bit of force, she maneuvered her lover onto her back, with Sosha kneeling on top.

Lyra’s groans of pleasure were almost that of a short keening, every short breath was punctuated with a high pitched moan.

Sosha’s hands ran along Lyra’s chest, fingertips sensually touching. She slipped her right hand down, over Lyra’s pubic bone and into her panties.

Lyra sucked in her ecstasy, her breath loud. Her eyelids fluttered with the stimulation.

Sosha went straight for the clitoris in Lyra’s wet chasm, adroitly rubbing with her long fingers.

Lyra could hear her moans of pleasure loudly in the room, but her focus was on the spot of undiluted joy at her middle. It was as though Sosha was scratching a carnal itch deep within her.

Her climax was coming, the electric hum rising within her. Her breaths came faster, the moans louder and more sharp.

Sosha’s fingers worked both Lyra’s nipple and her clit faster.

Bellowing, the white fire of orgasm started at Lyra’s middle and washed over her like a wave. It took her a moment of panting to regain her breath.

“And?” Sosha said, removing her hand from Lyra’s panties and licking her fingers.

Lyra collapsed against the bed, her breath coming steadily and her pulse returning to baseline. “That was wonderful.”

Sosha laid beside her lover, draping a lazy arm over Lyra’s belly.

Lyra leaned in, pressing soft kisses along Sosha’s neck, breathing in the scent of her hair.

The two laid together as one for a few moments, just letting the peace of release wash over them.

*009*2018-05-06 00:37

Disclaimer: The characters Lyra and Sosha that I am using are from the website HD Wetting and HD Diapers. My work is fan produced. This story is original to me and does not carry any sort of official sanction from HD Wetting or Fuzzy Squirrel Productions.

Warnings for adult language, situations, and not having a beta.

Lyra heaved a great contented sigh. “I needed that,” she said. “It’s been too long.”

Sosha looked on, head propped up on her arm. “How long is too long?”

Lyra blanched, a touch of embarrassment in her eyes. “A good year.”

“No fucking way!” Sosha shouted, incredulously. “God, I need it every few days or I’ll lose my mind.”

“I still masturbate,” Lyra said, matter of factly. “I’ve just not been with anyone else in a long time.”

“Oh. Why not?”

Lyra was impressed with Sosha’s forthrightness. “Haven’t tried, more than anything else. I used to go to Slammers downtown, but I just got too busy with work.” Slammers was the local Lesbian bar. “And I got sick of not finding the right person.”

Sosha raised her eyebrows and said “No pressure, right?”

Lyra shook her head. “It’s not like that. I’ve always been…” She sighed and continued, “Ashamed of what I like.”

“Women?”

Lyra shook her head again. “No, I’ve known I was gay since I was in second grade.”

“Aww, little gay Lyra. How’d you know?”

“We had a student teacher, Miss Shaw. I had the biggest crush on her. I used to follow her around and make her little love notes.”

“That’s pretty gay,” Sosha said, as she reached for Lyra’s hand. She took hold of it and kissed the back. “I had my first boyfriend in sixth grade and my first girlfriend right after. Boys are gross.”

“Have you ever slept with a man?”

Sosha blushed and giggled. “Does a blow job count?”

Lyra’s eyes went wide. “Please tell me it wasn’t some pimply little sixth grader.”

Sosha laughed out loud. “Lord no. It was a guy I knew forever and I figured I’d try it once. Not my thing. Maybe it’s my gag reflex or something, but I have no love for the cock.”

Lyra nodded. “I get you. I am a Gold Star lesbian.”

“Gold Star?” Sosha laid back and rearranged her pillow location.

“Never been with a man,” Lyra said, with a hint of pride.

“Does that mean I get a Silver Star since it was just that BJ?”

That elicited a laugh from Lyra. “I’ll allow it.” She placed her hand gently on the side of Sosha’s face, and leaned in for a kiss. Sosha reciprocated in kind. “This is a nice place you have,” Lyra asked drowzily.

“It was my dad’s. I inherited it when he passed away.”

Concern and compassion crossed Lyra’s face. “I’m so sorry. I didn’t know.”

Sosha laid back down on her crooked arm. “It’s okay. I got kicked out of my mom’s when I came out at 15, then I moved in with my dad. He got diagnosed with ALS about a year later.”

Lyra was unable to find the words for how she felt. Sosha must have gone through a great deal. Lyra locked eyes with Sosha, trying to convey her sympathy.

“It’s really okay. He’s been gone almost five years now. He’s in a better place,” Sosha said, sobered.

Lyra laid her hand on Sosha’s shoulder.

“I like to keep it how he decorated just to keep him around. Both here and the lake house.”

Lyra’s eyes went wide. “Lake house? You have two houses?”

“He left me everything, but yeah, he used to be an architect. He actually engineered both of them.”

“Wow.”

“I know. It was neat to watch him at his drafting table.” Sosha heaved a sigh. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to be a downer.”

Rubbing her lover’s shoulder, Lyra shook her head. “You’re not bringing me down. I’m glad to get the chance to know you better.” A moment of silence hung heavy in the room. “Favourite musician?” asked Lyra, breaking the quiet.

Sosha gave a genuine smile. “David Bowie. Yours?”

Lyra lit up. “Really? I love David Bowie! I was going to say Muse, but I’d give my left tit to have seen Bowie live. Favourite food?”

“Easy. Chocolate. You?” Sosha looked genuinely interested.

“I love whitefish sashimi,” Lyra said. “Honestly, I think fish is better raw than cooked.”

Giving a face twisted in distaste, Sosha stuck out her tongue. “Yucky.”

Lyra laughed, tapping the tip of Sosha’s nose with her finger. “You’re adorable.” She wrapped her arm around her lover and drew her near.

Sosha turned around, spooning against Lyra. “Favourite movie?”

Lyra nuzzled against Sosha’s hair, taking in the slightly fruity scent. “Uh, what is yours?” There was a lack of confidence in her response. She slung her arm over Sosha’s belly

“Moulin Rouge. Your turn.”

“The Muppet Movie.”

Sosha giggled. “Nu-huh!”

“I just love the Muppets, okay?” Lyra could feel herself blushing. “Do you, um, like the Muppets?”

“Like, Kermit and stuff, yeah they’re okay. I like Labyrinth more though. Bowie as Jareth,” Sosha moaned, “He’s on my short list of guys I’d go straight for.”

Lyra yawned. “He was pretty hot.”

“Not so much for you?”

“My list is like two guys.” Lyra caught herself yawning again. “Chris O’Dowd and Eddie Izzard. The accents kind of melt me.” Lyra took a moment to reflect on where she was and why. “Sosha?”

Sosha turned to face Lyra, her bright brown eyes smiling. “Yeah, baby?”

“That was really nice.”

Sosha threw side eye and a half scowl. “Huh,” she grunted in distaste.

Lyra went cold in fear. “What?”

“‘Nice?’ I was hoping that I blew your frigging mind. But I guess ‘nice’ is good enough.”

Lyra scrambled for words. “I mean, that was amazing… I just…”

Sosha caught Lyra’s mouth in a kiss. She pulled away and said, “I love to watch you squirm.”

Lyra enveloped Sosha in a hug. “I love to watch you squirm. You pissing your pants today might have been one of the hottest things I’ve ever seen.” Lyra laid back and stifled a yawn.

“What are you doing tomorrow?” Sosha asked, while snagging her nightshirt that was on the bedside table. She tugged it on over her head.

“I really should work, but fuck it. I don’t want to make myself sick getting this release out.” Lyra nuzzled Sosha’s neck, planting a few gentle kisses along the way. “I’d rather spend time with you.” She fought to hide another yawn.

“Are you tired?”

Lyra sighed. “I usually go to bed by 10 o’clock. This is way past my bedtime,” she said, glancing at the glowing 12.19am from the clock on the nightstand.

“Poor baby.” Sosha pulled the duvet up, tucking it in around Lyra.

Lyra fell asleep quickly, thinking that she was forgetting something.

*010*2018-05-06 00:45

Disclaimer: The characters Lyra and Sosha that I am using are from the website HD Wetting and HD Diapers. My work is fan produced. This story is original to me and does not carry any sort of official sanction from HD Wetting or Fuzzy Squirrel Productions.

Warnings for adult language, situations, not having a beta, and this chapter being heavier than the others.

“Lyra?”

Someone was tapping her shoulder.

“Lyra, baby, you gotta wake up.”

Lyra yawned, sleep still keeping her eyes closed.

“You wet the bed.”

In a second, Lyra was awake. She was frozen, her veins filled with ice. The light from the bedside lamp burnt her eyes.

Oh, no.

“Come on. We need to change the sheets.”

Her breaths stuttered and tears pricked her eyes. Lyra stood, clothed only in wet panties and socks and stepped away from the bed.

“It’s okay, baby. I have a waterproof mattress protector.”

Lyra choked back a sob that rose in her throat. She wrapped her arms around herself, standing with her back to Sosha.

“Baby?” Sosha stopped stripping off the bed and turned with concerned eyes toward her lover.

Lyra scanned the floor, gathering up her sweatshirt. She swiped angrily at tears she couldn’t stop.

Sosha neared closer. “Lyra?” She placed her warm hand on Lyra’s frosty shoulder.

Lyra hid her face away. “I’m going.”

“What? No,” Sosha said with confusion and concern in her voice. “What’s wrong?”

“Where are my fucking leggings?” Lyra crossly asked to no-one.

Sosha turned to Lyra, her eyes set gentle empathy. “Is it because you had an accident?”

Lyra nodded, keeping her eyes downward. She scooped up her errant leggings.

Sosha engulfed her lover in a warm hug. “Baby, it’s okay. Accidents happen.”

“Can I use a towel?” Lyra asked, stiffly.

“Sure.” Sosha dashed off to fulfill Lyra’s request.

Dammit.

Lyra sniffled and tried to control the emotion that was overwhelming her. Snatching a tissue from a box that was on Sosha’s desk, she blew her nose.

I can’t believe that I let this happen again.

Sosha returned with a warm looking fluffy blue towel and a pull-up diaper. “Here, baby. Want me to dry you off?”

“No!” Lyra barked before she knew she’d said it. Startled, Sosha froze.

“No, thank you,” she said again, more calmly. She slipped out of her soaked panties and took the offered towel, drying off.

Sosha silently waited for Lyra to finish. She scooped up the wet panties and tossed them on top of the pile of dirtied sheets. “Ready for the pull-up?”

Lyra nodded to Sosha, unwilling to meet Sosha’s eyes.

“Baby,” Sosha pled, offering the diaper and stepping closer, into Lyra’s guarded area. “What’s wrong?”

Silence reigned, as Lyra slipped into the soft pull-up. She stepped away, sitting on the edge of the unmade bed, her eyes still hooded.

“My ex,” Lyra began, her voice rough with emotion, “Ann, two ‘N’s, no ‘E’ was one of the biggest butchest women I’d ever met. I sought her out because I wanted to take in lesbian culture out here. She just wasn’t into the stuff I get off on.…”

Sosha sat beside her lover and placed her doting hand on Lyra’s bare leg.

“I told her I like wetting myself and she said that it was nasty and to never do it around her. Well, one night, I stayed over and…” A small sob erupted from Lyra and she threw her hand over her mouth to tamp it down. “I accidentally wet the bed.”

“Oh.” Sosha laid her head on Lyra’s shoulder, and gently rubbed her knee.

Lyra’s hand cradled her lover’s face, all the while keeping her eyes low. “I knew she’d freak out so I swore to myself that I wouldn’t wet the bed. I prayed that I’d be dry.” Lyra’s hand slipped into her lap. “I was wrong.”

“Oh, baby,” Sosha said, empathy thick, as she wrapped her arm around Lyra’s back.

“She woke up and freaked out on me.” Lyra left a moment of silence before she continued. “Told me that I had ‘violated her trust,’ and that I needed to leave.” A cry broke free from Lyra and she covered her face with her hands.

“I want you to stay.”

After another sob emerged, Lyra stoically pressed down her emotion again. “She told everyone at Slammers that I was nasty, and that they should avoid dating me.”

Sosha’s eyes went wide. “Oh my God, what a bitch!”

Lyra sat, whimpering and shaking lightly. “I’m sorry that I did it again.”

Sosha stood, got to her knees, placing her hands over Lyra’s, and met her lover’s eyes. “Baby, it’s okay. Really.” She tried to rub warmth back into Lyra’s fingers.

“it‘s not okay.”

Looking somehow both stern and gentle, Sosha again met Lyra’s gaze. “This is my house and I decide if something is okay for not. Your accident was an accident. I’m not mad, I swear.” She offered up all of her empathy. “To be honest, sometimes I wet the bed too.”

Oh.

Something warmed up inside Lyra, as though the ice was thawing. “You do?”

“Oh yeah,” Sosha said, nonchalantly, “I wet the bed every time I get drunk. Guaranteed.”

“Really?” Lyra looked up, her eyes red from fighting the tears.

“Every time.”

Emotion overwhelmed Lyra again and her eyes dropped in shame. “I’m sorry.”

“I’m going to hug you until you realise that what happened is okay.” Sosha engulfed Lyra in an embrace.

Lyra nuzzled against Sosha’s soft neck, tears falling freely.

What happened is okay.

Lyra laid against her lover, listening to the twin heartbeats, the stereo breathing.

It’s okay.

“Sosha?” Doubt curdled in Lyra’s stomach. “Are you just placating me?”

She could hear a sigh rattle around in Sosha’s chest. “No, baby. It’s really okay.”

It’s really okay.

Lyra smiled against her lover’s neck. She puffed out a stuttered sigh and rose her head to look Sosha in the eyes. “Thank you.”

Sosha seemed almost playful, smiling back. “Please. It’s all good, girl.”

Lyra pecked Sosha on the lips before reaching around and stealing a tissue. She unceremoniously blew her nose. “Sorry, being emotional makes me all snotty.”

“It’s cool. I would do about anything with you, but I think snot is on my list of rejections.” Sosha offered a bright and loving smile. “Can you help me finish the bed? Then we can sleep in.”

“Oh, that sounds good. I’m so tired.” Lyra blew out another quick sigh.

In moments, the bed was made with clean linens and the two were in each others arms, with the light off. The two engaged in a quick kiss before they cuddled in closer and tried to go back to sleep.

*014*2018-05-10 14:12

Disclaimer: The characters Lyra and Sosha that I am using are from the website HD Wetting and HD Diapers. My work is fan produced. This story is original to me and does not carry any sort of official sanction from HD Wetting or Fuzzy Squirrel Productions.

Warnings for adult language, situations, not having a beta, and this chapter being too damn long.

Lyra awoke as dawn broke through the window blinds. Groggily, she yawned and looked to the woman that slept beside her.

Sosha slept peacefully, her face turned away from Lyra.

Lyra couldn’t help but brush an errant lock of hair from Sosha’s face. She enjoyed just watching her lover as she slumbered for a while, but the urgent need to pee reared its head.

Having no clue about the layout of the house, Lyra was loathe to go wandering. Remembering about her pull-up, she relaxed, laying back against her pillow. She didn’t want to flood the thing and leak, but she wasn’t sure that she could hold it much longer. Exhaling a great sigh, she let the tension ease from her bladder and a trickle of pee spurted out. Warmth suffused her crotch, seeping into the thirsty material. For just a moment, the relaxation and feeling overwhelmed Lyra, and the small spout turned into a surge.

She sat erect, suddenly clenching her pelvic floor, and effectively damming the leak. Patting her middle and bottom, she was relieved to find that she was dry.

Thank God.

She still needed to find a toilet. The opposite of what she hoped happened, as the relaxation had made her need grow.

Surreptitiously sneaking from the bed, she navigated the room using the light of dawn. There were two closed doors in the room; one to the right and the other opposite the bed. She tried the right side one first and found a closet filled with clothes.

The pressure on her bladder was a better in her upright position. She went for the other door, gladly coming upon a tiled washroom, with a toilet, sink, and tub/shower combo. The moment she laid eyes on the toilet, a trickle began to leak from her. Tearing down her swollen diaper, she sat on the toilet and peed for a good minute.

Absently, she wondered if Sosha had incontinence problems. It was one thing to wet yourself because you were stranded without relief or the occasional drunken bed-wetting, it was another to still be wetting the bed at 25.

She sighed, as a wave of shame washed over her. Unpleasant memories flooded her mind. With contrition lowering her mood and slowing her gait, she finished up and froze a moment, loathe to wear her sodden pull-up again. She tore at the sides, balled and tied up the diaper, and disposed of it in the toilet-side waste bin. She then washed her hands and sought out her leggings, grimacing while she slid them on. She was uncomfortable with the idea of wearing them commando and without padding.

Sighing, she climbed into bed quietly, as Sosha was still asleep. Getting comfortable, she slung her arm over her lover, nuzzled into the back of her hair, and spooned against Sosha.

Sosha smiled, still sleeping, and made a cute sound, snuggling against the bigger spoon.

Lyra lifted her head and found herself smiling at the sight.

Must have gotten lucky in more than one way.

Lyra laid back against her lover, sneaking a quick kiss on Sosha’s cheek.

Sosha snuffled and adjusted her position, rubbing at her eyes.

“Good Morning, beautiful,” Lyra purred.

“...morm…” Sosha opened her brown eyes. “Ow’d you sleep?” She propped herself up on her right elbow. She rubbed at her eyes again, and pushed a stray lock of hair away from her face.

“Okay, other than…”

A moment of silence sat heavy in the room. Lyra’s cheeks went red.

“I’m sorry,” Sosha said, reaching out to rub Lyra’s shoulder.

“It’s okay. I slept fine.” Lyra could feel the empathy emanating from her lover. She smiled and said, “You are pretty cute when you’re asleep.”

“Mm?” Sosha wagged her eyebrows and leaned in for a kiss.

Lyra responded in kind, kissing her lover passionately. “You’re pretty cute all the time.”

A pout came to Sosha’s lips. “Just cute? Not sexy?”

Lyra scoffed. “Now that you bring it up, I’d guess that you’re both.”

Sosha stole another kiss, smiling. “I need to take a shower. Care to join me?”

Lyra sat up, tearing the cover away. “Hell yes.”

Sosha did the same, bounding from the bed and playfully dashing to the washroom. Lyra quickly followed. The brunette dropped her panties and sat on the toilet, having a wee. “Oh my god,” Sosha said, “I still smell like pee from last night. Why did you let me do that?”

“You chose to pee yourself for me.” Lyra stripped off her leggings, but shot a confused look to her lover. “It was also the hottest thing ever,” she said while pulling off her socks.

Sosha beamed. “Oh yeah.”

Lyra just shook her head, knowing that she was getting messed with. “It’s not my fault that I make you so wet,” Lyra replied, playing along.

“You got me.” Sosha tugged off her sleep shirt, standing naked in front of the tub. “Ready?” She laid her glasses on the sink.

Lyra nodded. “Hell yes,” she echoed from earlier, placing her glasses beside Sosha’s.

Sosha got into the tub, turned on the water, and popped her wet hand out, beckoning her lover in.

A laugh bubbled up in Lyra. “See, you’re cute.” She climbed in, and was suddenly engulfed in her lover’s embrace. Lyra took the opportunity to gently kiss down Sosha’s neck. She turned her head upwards and planted her lips firmly on Sosha’s.

Returning the kiss, Sosha gave her lover a bit of tongue, as the two stood under the spray of water. Her questing hands slid down, along Lyra’s wet body, and found root between her legs.

Lyra moaned with pleasure, trying to keep up with Sosha’s hands, moving along the brunette’s middle, one hand found her right breast, the other in her crotch. Her fingers began kneading and tweaking, all while her lips and tongue remained intertwined.

“Oh god,” Sosha breathed, bucking from the stimulation.

Lyra picked up the pace, and Sosha followed suit. The two stood hands, legs, and lips entwined, together as one in pleasure.

Sosha came first, moments before Lyra. Their cries of release echoed off of the quaint powder blue tile.

“Holy shit,” Lyra panted. “You’re good.”

Sosha collapsed against her lover’s chest, trying to regain her breath. “You too.”

A moment passed as the two remained in a wet embrace.

“Can I wash you?” Lyra asked, coyly. In the back of her mind, she worried that this relationship was going to be about casual sex, and not the seriousness that she desired.

Sosha looked up, brushing streaming hair from her face, with an amused smile. “Sure.”

Lyra reached for a bright green bottle of liquid soap, opened it, and poured out a dollop. “May I do your back first?”

The smile on Sosha’s face widened. She turned around and pulled her hair away from her shoulders.

Lyra rubbed her hands together, lathering up, and then gently caressed cleansing circles on Sosha’s shoulders.

“Have you always wet the bed?” Sosha asked.

Lyra was taken aback for just a moment. It was apparent that forthrightness was just Sosha’s way. The blonde puffed out a sigh. “Yeah… Growing up was rough.” She moved along her lover’s back, washing as she went.

“I’d imagine. I wet the bed until I was 7. I remember wearing Goodnites to sleepovers.”

Lyra could feel her cheeks go red. “When I was 11, I was invited to my first big birthday sleepover. My best friend Renee threw it, and invited lots of girls from school, not just my friends. It was okay until we went to bed and I realised that I forgot my Goodnite.” She gently washed down Sosha’s arms, lacing her fingers between her lover’s while cleaning her hands.

Sosha’s face fell. “Oh no…”

“I literally prayed that I wouldn’t pee the bed, but I woke up wet,” Lyra said, turning her focus to Sosha’s bottom and down her legs. “I soaked through my little sleeping bag and it was really gross. When I got up to tell Renee, some of the other girls woke up and laughed at me.” Lyra cleaned Sosha’s feet, gently lifting them, and scrubbed between her toes.

Sosha pulled Lyra closer. “My poor little Lyra.”

“Her mom called mine and told her that I wasn’t allowed over again until I was toilet trained.”

Sosha turned to face Lyra, frowning. “I’m so sorry that happened to you.” She engulfed the blonde in a loving hug.

Lyra gave a mirthless laugh. “It is what it is.” She sighed. “Can I do your front?”

Sosha nodded against her lover, planting a soft kiss on her neck. “Sure.”

The two pulled away and Lyra got another glob of soap. She worked it into lather and soothed it onto Sosha’s chest. Leaning in, she took her lover’s nipple into her mouth, still cleaning with her hands.

Sosha gasped, placing her hand on the tiled wall for support. “What’re you doing?”

Lyra released her sucking grasp of Sosha’s nipple and said, the shower washing her hair over her eyes, “Making sure you’re clean.” She then returned her lips over the top of Sosha’s other nipple, sucking away.

Lyra rinsed the soap off her right hand, then she moved it to Sosha’s crotch to scrub at her lover’s wet middle. Taking extra care with the previously stimulated clitoris, Lyra used her fingers, twitching and flicking. The other hand, covered in soap, ran along Sosha’s belly.

Sosha entwined her hand in Lyra’s hair, the other still holding onto the wall for support. She gave stuttered little groans in time with the stimulation. So close to the previous orgasm, she came again, her hands balled into fists as she cried out.

Lyra pulled away, wiping the wet locks of hair from her face. “Should be cleaner. Let me do your legs.”

“Holy shit, it’s been a while since I’ve cum like that.” Sosha released her grip on Lyra’s hair.

Lyra smiled, getting another glop of soap and focusing on her lover’s legs.

Sosha bucked, giggling. “Ticklish!”

“I’ll keep that in mind,” Lyra said, cleaning the front of Sosha’s feet. “Want me to do your hair?”

“Sure…” There was a moment of silence. “What do you mean ‘you’ll keep that in mind?’” A stern look crossed Sosha’s face.

Lyra moved onto the bottle of fruit scented shampoo. “Nothing. Turn around so I can lather you up.”

Sosha did as she was told, and as Lyra massaged the shampoo into Sosha’s scalp, the brunette moaned again. “I love when people play with my hair.”

Lyra admired how silky her lover’s hair was. “My ex hated when I’d touch her hair, but she had a nasty greasy scalp, so I was good after the first mistake.”

“Eww.”

Lyra playfully smacked Sosha on the bottom. “Go ahead and rinse.”

As Sosha began rinsing the shampoo from her hair, Lyra started quickly washing herself.

Turning back to Lyra, Sosha looked excited.

“Ready for some conditioner?”

Sosha giggled, shouting, “Conditioner is better! It makes the hair silky and smooth!”

Lyra stopped dead, her eyes looking up to her lover. “Did you just quote Billy Madison?”

The brunette beamed, giggling again. “Yes! It makes me so happy that you got that!”

Lyra shook her head, unable to stop a smile from crossing her lips. “Just turn around.” She carefully applied the conditioner, attempting to keep it off of Sosha’s shoulders. With another smack on the bottom, Lyra said, “Okay, rinse.”

Whilst her lover was under the full shower of water, Lyra finished washing herself, rinsing in the reflected water.

“Can I do you?” Sosha asked, turning back around.

“Oh.” Lyra looked a bit sheepish, still rinsing off her legs. “I already washed myself.”

Sosha frowned, her eyes looking hurt. “Really?”

“I haven’t done my hair.” The blonde sighed. “I’m sorry. My ex didn’t like the whole mutual cleaning each other thing.”

“So you’d wash her, and she wouldn’t reciprocate?”

Another sigh puffed from Lyra. “She didn’t reciprocate a lot of things. That’s why she’s my ex. I just didn’t want to make you do something you didn’t want to.”

A devilish gleam sparkled in Sosha’s eye as one hand reached for the bottle of soap and the other found its way into Lyra’s crotch.

A rapid, high pitched moan came from the blonde, as her lover worked her middle. She rubbed her clitoris, the other hand dropping the soap and sensually caressing her chest.

Still stimulated from before, Lyra’s centre was already humming with arousal. As the electricity multiplied in her middle, Lyra grasped Sosha’s arm, and her other hand made a fist. The hum exploded out from her centre, as ecstasy flowed out along her extremities. “Fuck,” she mouthed, breathlessly.

“You’re a dirty girl.” Sosha gathered up the soap, poured out a bit, and slathered the front of her lover. She caressingly rubbed the soap along Lyra, cleaning both front and back.

“Uh, I think we need to hurry. The water is starting to go cold.” In moments the heat drained to tepid.

“Shit.” Lyra quickly rinsed off and rapidly washed her hair.

“Guh!” With a dull roar of distant plumbing, the water had gotten really cold in an instant. “Hurry!” Sosha shouted, knocking on the wall three times. “Thanks, dad!”

“I’m good. I don’t need conditioner.”

Sosha turned off the flow of frigid water, shivering. “I’ll get you a towel.” She tugged down a plush green towel from the nearby rack. After she wrapped herself up and climbed from the tub, she moved to a tall thin door on the wall. From the closet, she procured a pink towel and tossed it to her lover. “Sometimes, when I’m in the shower too long, the water kicks on downstairs, and it gets cold quick. I blame my dad for still making me conserve resources.”

Lyra smiled, and dried off her body first, then wrapped the towel around her hair, making a turban. “That was eventful.” Looking down, she asked of Sosha, “Do you have another pull-up I can have?”

“Do you have trouble during the day?” Sosha asked, again, without beating around the bush.

“S,sometimes. Usually not, but there are times that, if I have to go really badly, um, I leak before I get to the toilet.” Lyra kept her gaze away from Sosha’s eyes.

Sosha gave a small noise in reply. “I understand. I can’t really stop once I start.”

Lyra’s eyes flicked back to meet Sosha’s. “Really?”

“Yeah. It’s a bitch when I have to go real bad. One leak, and it’s over.”

Suddenly, Lyra engulfed Sosha in a hug.

“What’s that for?” Sosha held her lover.

“Just, you’re so open and honest.”

The twinkle in Sosha’s eyes dimmed a bit. “I’ve learned that if you’re not honest now, you might not get another chance to be.”

Lyra hugged Sosha harder.

“It’s okay. I accepted my stupid bladder problems a long time ago.”

Pulling away, Lyra looked a bit sheepish. “The most embarrassing moments in my life were because of my bladder; I haven’t.”

“Aren’t you turned on by it?” Sosha asked, bluntly.

Lyra went red, keeping her eyes low. “It’s a Catch 22. I think I like when I’m in control. Just the release into a diaper or down my pants turns me on. And when I see other people have accidents, I mean, don’t get me wrong, I always feel bad for them, but it also makes me hot, too.”

Sosha went to the linen closet and opened the door. “Pick what you’d like.” She gestured toward the closet.

Inside, Lyra saw a vast cache of diapers; multiple kinds of pull-ups, including an open packet of Goodnites, and a few different types of tape up, and powder, wipes, and lotions. “Whoa,” Lyra said, taking in the collection. “I’m just going to steal one of these Always ones. They tend to do the job during the day.”

Sosha smiled. “As you can see, I like diapers too. Alisha was into a lot of kinks, but I don’t think using them turned her on that much,” Sosha said, while drying her hair. “One night, I had an accident in my diaper and she gave me a really hard time about it.”

“Did you leak?” Lyra asked of her lover, toweling off the tips of her hair.

“Nope, everything was contained, but she said it was gross and I needed to grow up.”

Lyra’s brow furrowed. The more she learned of Alisha, the more she was glad that Sosha’s ex was out of the picture. “I’m sorry that she was like that.” She tugged on the pull-up, enjoying for a moment the softness and its subtle scent. “How often do you wear?”

“I need them the most when I’m drinking, but I usually forget.” Sosha gave a bubbly laugh. “Usually for long car rides, or at the movies, or camping… Not too often, unless I am feeling dirty.”

Lyra returned a knowing smile. “If I’m feeling naughty, I wear my bigger ones in public. I’ve never been caught, but there is something about the secrecy and being able to go anywhere.” The blonde paused for a short time, as she pulled up her leggings. “I’m really glad to have met you.”

Sosha offered her warm laugh and a smile. “Me too. It’s nice to know someone who likes what I like… Want to do breakfast?”

“Sure. I know a great place to get pancakes.”

“I’m down.”

$$$$$$

*020*2018-05-16 16:46

Disclaimer: The characters Lyra and Sosha that I am using are from the website HD Wetting and HD Diapers. My work is fan produced. This story is original to me and does not carry any sort of official sanction from HD Wetting or Fuzzy Squirrel Productions.

Warnings for adult language, situations, not having a beta, and this chapter being really hard to get through. I know nothing about Alisha, so everything is all a construct of my imagination. Please do not take anything as canon.

Lyra and Sosha enjoyed each other’s company as they had breakfast at Bingo Pancakes. Bingo was one of Lyra’s favourite restaurants, and the staff knew her, as she tended to eat there about once a month.

The two talked about nothing of consequence, having asked each other questions like what their favourite colour was. Sosha liked purple, while Lyra prefered grey.

Following their meal, deciding to take it slow and easy, the two went for a walk at Ridgeline Park. The park was huge, with loads of winding paths cut through swaths of massive trees and thickets of ferns.

Sosha offered her expertise on the local flora and fauna, and schooled Lyra, who simply enjoyed to listen, as the two walked along. Sosha opened up about how she loved nature and that her dad had taught her a great deal.

For a while afterwards, the two remained quiet while they walked. Sosha took Lyra’s hand, and the couple took in the green radiance of the forest and silently enjoyed each other’s company. They saw a bald eagle nest and the guarding parents.

In front of a powerful waterfall that was a bit off of the beaten path, Sosha stood still, eyes closed.

“This is the place that we scattered my dad’s ashes.”

The statement took Lyra a bit aback, but were she to be honest, she’d be honoured to have her remains left in such a peaceful spot.

“He was always really stoic,” Sosha said. “He’d only talk when he had something to say, even before he got sick.”

Lyra embraced her lover, offering up all of the support that she could. “I’m so sorry that you lost him.”

“It’s okay,” Sosha said with a shrug. “It accepted his passing a while ago. It’s just that this spot makes me think of him.”

“I understand.” Lyra smiled, despite the solemn nature of the conversation. Sosha was just as human as she was.

The two silently left the surging current behind, making their way back to where Lyra parked.

“Thanks for that, by the way,” Sosha offered. She engulfed the blonde in a warm hug. “I needed to connect with nature again. It was really fun teaching you about everything I know.”

“It was really fun learning from you.” Lyra pecked a quick kiss on Sosha’s cheek.

“Where to now?” Sosha let go and leaned against the GTI.

Glancing at her Apple Watch noting that it was about half past five, Lyra asked, “What about dinner?”

“I could eat. What are you thinking?”

“Something casual. Burgers and fries?” Lyra fished her keys from her purse.

“Not dead fish?” Sosha asked, with a playful pout on her lips.

“You can get fish. I was going to go for a veggie burger…” It occurred to Lyra that Sosha was gently chiding her for her love of sushi. “But now that you bring it up, I could go for some octopus.”

“Oh God, no. Burgers are fine.” Sosha played desperate, as she tugged at the door handle.

Lyra unlocked the car with the remote and went to the driver’s side. “You’re sure? No blowfish?”

Sosha got in, and buckled her seat belt. “Do you even eat blowfish?”

Lyra went red. “No,” she admitted, with a twinge of defeat. “I’m not ballsy enough to eat anything poisonous.”

“Holy shit, they’re poisonous?! I just thought they were too cute to eat.”

Lyra laughed, heartily. “Burgers, then?”

Sosha beamed. “Sure!”

The two headed to Pop’s Shake Shack, which was close to Sosha’s house. It was a fun little restaurant meant to be like a 50s diner. Nostalgic items hung on the walls, and the booths and stools were bright blue vinyl. The music was always a poppy mix of the 50s and 60s.

“I love this place,” Sosha said, offering a bright smile. “They have the best shakes.”

Lyra took Sosha’s hand after she got out of the car and locked it. “I’ve been going here for lunch like once a week since they opened.”

The two entered and soon were seated in a booth at the back. They looked at the menu and chatted about they wanted. Lyra decided on a Boca burger with all the trimmings, an order of steak fries, and a strawberry shake. Sosha wanted a grilled chicken sandwich with lettuce, tomato, and honey mustard, an order of seasoned fries, and a water to drink. Their waitress, Michele, took their drink and food orders and left.

A familiar voice called out Sosha’s name. “Hey, Sosha!”

Before the table was Sosha’s red-headed ex, Alisha, and a man in a tank top and an unbuttoned collared shirt with short, perfectly oiled hair. His arms were filled with multiple separate tattoos, but not complete sleeves.

Sosha rose to greet her former lover. “Alisha!” She gave her a warm hug. “How you doing, girl?”

Lyra stood awkwardly, unsure of how to greet the two. “Hello.”

The man offered a weak nod. “Hey.”

Alisha wrapped her arm around the man and smiled. “This is Hayden. He’s my boyfriend.”

Lyra could see a minute flinch from Sosha. “Hi,” she greeted him, with a false smile.

“Alisha has told me a lot about you,” Hayden said, squaring Sosha up and down. He gave a brazen smile. “We should have a three-way.”

Alisha playfully smacked Hayden’s bare arm. “Cut it out,” Alisha said.

He tossed a scowl toward Lyra and said, “She’s not invited.”

Lyra glared, biting back any snark.

Ignoring him, Sosha turned to Alisha. “This is Lyra. She’s my new girlfriend.”

Alisha looked genuinely happy. “That’s great! I was worried that you’d be all dumpy after I broke things off.”

Sosha looked as though she was going to say something, but simply closed her mouth and sat down. “Sorry, our food should be out soon.”

Lyra sat, clenching her fists under the table.

“That’s cool. We were just leaving. It’s good to see you,” Alisha said.

Sosha did not rise, but instead simply nodded. “You too.”

The two left, and Lyra could have sworn that she’d over heard Hayden saying something about diapers.

Once the two were out of earshot, Lyra asked almost silently, “What the fuck?” She looked to her lover. “Are you okay?”

Sosha was pale, and looked nearly green around the edges. “I lost my appetite. I just want to go home.” Her arms were wrapped around her middle.

“We just…” Seeing the distress on her lover’s face, Lyra ignored the hunger biting at her stomach and offered an option. “Let’s see if we can get this to go, and I’ll get you home.” She changed sides, coming to place her arm around the brunette in the other side of the booth. “Are you sure you’re okay?”

“I,I don’t feel so great. I want to go home.”

Lyra rubbed Sosha’s shoulder heartily. “Here, let me see what we can do…” The blonde pecked Sosha on the cheek, and stood.

She sought out their Michele, who was more than understanding. The young waitress confessed that she’d overheard the whole conversation, including the man talking negatively about Sosha as they walked away. She offered to box up their meals and rang up Lyra’s check, so she didn’t have to wait.

Lyra returned to Sosha’s side. The brunette was absently playing with a folded up napkin.

“I’m sorry,” Sosha said, her eyes low.

“Sweetheart,” Lyra began, wrapping her arm around her lover. “It’s okay.” The blonde laid her head on the brunette’s shoulder. “It’s not your fault that he was rude to you.”

That seemed to get Sosha’s attention. “You mean ‘us.’ He was a dick to you too.”

Lyra lifted her head off of her lover’s shoulder and shrugged. “It’s not the first time a guy was a douche to me. I just wish he hadn’t upset you, Sweetheart.”

As Lyra had just done, Sosha laid her head on Lyra’s shoulder.

Lyra kissed Sosha’s brow, tenderly putting her hand against her lover’s cheek. She gently and lightly rocked the woman, ignoring any negativity that might have come their way.

The two stayed in each other’s embrace for a few minutes, until Michele returned to their table. She had a large brown bag, filled with what Lyra assumed was their dinners, and two to-go cups. “I brought you a ginger ale. I hope you feel better.” She placed the styrofoam cup before Sosha.

Sosha looked to have melted a bit. “Thanks.” There was a spark of sincerity in her eyes. She gave a brief smile.

Lyra rustled around in her purse and then handed the young woman a twenty dollar bill as a tip. The waitress’ eyes went wide, but shone with excitement. “Are you sure?”

“Positive. Thanks for helping, Michele.”

The young woman gave a small bow and left to disappear into the kitchen.

Lyra rose, and extended her hand to Sosha. “Let’s get you home.”

Sosha took the offered help and stood, then she grabbed her drink.

Lyra gathered up the bag and her shake in one hand, with the other around her lover’s back, and the two made their way to the car. With her hands full, Lyra asked, “Can you get my keys from my pocket?”

A hint of naughtiness broke through the hold of malaise that tempered Sosha’s eyes. The brunette reached into Lyra’s pocket, long fingers caressing Lyra’s skin under the thin fabric of her leggings. She wrapped her fingers around the ring and unlocked the car, with her hand still in Lyra’s pocket. “I think I’m stuck.”

“That’s awkward.”

With a tug, the keyring was freed, and, following Lyra securing the food in the back, the two got in their seats.

Any mirth that Sosha’d expressed had gone. She soured and looked outside, turning away from Lyra.

“Sweetheart, are you really okay?” Lyra asked, starting up the car.

Sosha was silent, only responding with a sullen nod. She kept her eyes outside, away from her lover, and wrapped her arms around herself.

“Sosha?”

Lyra reached into the backseat and acquired her purse. She pulled out her phone and fiddled around with it for a moment. Then, she plugged it in to her car’s audio and the mellow sound of David Bowie singing Starman, from Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars, filled the interior.

Sosha looked up, with a sad smile on her face. “I’m sorry, Lyra.”

“Sweetheart, it’s okay.”

“No, you don’t understand. Right now, it feels like it really is over between me and Alisha.”

Lyra turned to her forlorn lover, sympathy in her eyes. “What can I do for you?”

“I don’t know.” Sosha looked out of the window, turning her back to Lyra.

Lyra pulled out of the parking space, and started driving back to Sosha’s house.

The only sound was that of David Bowie, singing to the couple through time.

Sosha was quiet, placing the tips of her fingers on the glass, as she stared out.

Lyra was quiet, focusing on the drive, as a twinge of worry settled in her belly.

“Alisha broke up with me,” Sosha began, breaking the silence. “She found someone on Tinder, all I can figure is that it was Hayden, and she said that it was getting stale.”

Lyra nodded, listening intently.

A sob escaped Sosha. “We were living together and she was fucking around on the side. I thought that I didn’t mind having an open relationship, but I guess I do.” Tears streamed down Sosha’s cheeks. She swiped at them angrily.

Lyra placed her hand on Sosha’s knee, her other hand steered the car. “I, I wouldn’t fuck around. Even if we had an open relationship, I’d be yours.”

Sosha gave a watery glance, but turned back to the window. “I don’t know what I was thinking.”

“You trusted her.”

Sosha nodded, giving a sigh.

“You can trust me.” Lyra pulled into the driveway of Sosha’s house. She unlocked the doors, got out, and opened Sosha’s door for her. Offering a helping hand, she stood before Sosha. “I don’t ever want to hurt you.”

Sosha stood, not taking Lyra’s hand, but instead fell into her arms, sobbing.

Lyra wrapped her reach around her lover. She whispered reassurances into Sosha’s ear, while rubbing her back. “It’s okay, Sweetheart.”

The two spent time together as one, as Sosha bled off her pain, and Lyra supported her.

Sosha pulled away, sniffling. “I’m sorry,” she said, as she wiped at her nose.

Lyra tugged her lover back into an embrace. “It’s really okay. Let’s get you inside and we can take it easy tonight.”

The brunette sighed, as she leant against the blonde. “Thank you…”

Lyra pulled back this time, going back for the bag of food and the drinks. “Can you get the door?”

Sosha nodded, and made her way to the house. She unlocked the door and ushered her lover in.

Lyra came in and set the bag on the living room coffee table. “You have a nice theatre set up. Why don’t we watch Moulin Rouge or something? ...I’ve never seen it.”

Sosha’s whole demeanour brightened as her jaw dropped. “Really?”

The evening was spent watching Moulin Rouge on BluRay, while they ate their cooled food. Instead of passion, there was contentment in each other’s arms as they cuddled.

Following the movie and an intense discussion about the music and plot, the two retired to the upstairs. Both were tired, but Sosha seemed as though she were muted from the emotion spent.

Lyra changed her pull-up and convinced Sosha to wear one to bed. The two cuddled, shut off the lights, and fell asleep in each other’s embrace.

