Day trip!

Author: huberp76

*000*2022-01-19 11:35

Nothing was more arousing for a boy than a girl who had to wee, but could not go.

Whenever he dated a girl he did try to make her wait and hold.

His goal was to fill her bladder and make her desperate.

Once he invited a girl to a bus day trip. He did know her since a short time and did not really know her pee habits.

The few times they met she did not use a loo, but the dates were short .

One evening, he remembered they were at a dinner and after the dinner they went to a cinema.

First she wanted to the loo before the film started, but for any reason, she did not go after all.

Now at the bus trip, he would have time all day long, to care about her bladder and to fill it up.

They wanted to meet at 7.20 am at the bus terminal. She was late, 7.25 she was coming running and told him that she overslept, because the alarm clock did not work.

She said that she is hoping that it would not last to long for the first stop, because she had not even time to wee before she did leave.

That was music in the boys ears, that was more than he could dream about.

A little bit later than two hours, they stopped for a late breakfast.

The boy wished they would not stop, but they did. He wondered that her first way was not the toilet. They went to a table and took bread and butter and some coffee.

After breakfast they went back to the bus. The girl did not go to the toilet before.

The boy was more than happy about it and asked not until the bus started moving „you did not wee in the morning, don’t you not need to go „

“Oh sure i would need to, but i can hold it! I don’t like this motorway loos.“ she answered.

The boy was happy and hard. „Oh what a girl, she is holding her wee since yesterday evening, is needing to go, but don’t , she is absolutely a dream“ he thought to himself.

After they arrived in the city witch they wanted to visit, they had 3 hours time for their own, before they journey continued.

They went for a lunch and again the girl did not go to the loo before they did leave the restaurant.

The boy had a strong urge to piss, but he did not go to the toilet, because he did not want to inveigle the girl do go too.

Back in the bus the boy said „i can’t believe that you did not go to the loo at the restaurant. Your bladder must already be full to burst. You must need to wee really bad! Don’t you?“

“My bladder is really very full and i am needing to wee pretty bad, but don’t worry, i can hold it, i am good in holding . I told you that i don’t like all that public loos.“

He did not know that girl very well and so he could not know that she loves it to make boys horny with her super strong bladder and her ability to hold her wee for hours on end.

She did know that some boys gets nearly crazy if girls hold their wee endless and she did know that he was one of them.

She did know it since he did try to prevent her to go to the loo before the cinema.

Now she wanted to suffer for to tease him.

They did drive nonstop through a national park. After a while the girl was bending over and was rubbing her knees.

Her urge become painful, but she like this kind of pain and she did act a little bit more for her new friend.

He asked acted worried „is it that bad? Does your bladder hurt so bad?”

In reality her bladder could not be full enough for him and her urge never strong enough.

If she would tell him that she is needing to wee so bad that it hurts, it would just turning him on, he would not have been sorry for her and would have wished that she could wee very soon, he would have loved if she had to hold it longer! Maybe until at home!?

„Oh ja, it’s really bad and painful, but don’t worry to much, i can hold it. I told you that i am good in holding. I am good trained and my bladder became very strong.“she answered.

To hear that was nearly to much for the boy, he could not believe that. First he thought he would have pleasure today, because he could make her hold and now she is holding it for herself. He never had a girl like her.

He was needing to piss really bad too, he did not go since 6.30 in the morning, but how bad must she need to go, she must be full to burst, she have not weed since yesterday, he thought.

“Unbelievable that you can endure that for so long.“ the boy said and asked her when she peed the last time.

She told him that she went before sleeping, but she did go to bed early, because she had to get up early this morning. „It must have been about 9.45 pm.“ she said.

“Oh my god, you did not wee since more than 18 hours, your bladder must be big as a bowling ball!?“ he said.

“Oh yes it is getting big and hard.”she replied and did take his hand and putted on her swollen belly.

To feel the hardness of her stretched and overfilled bladder, mad him nearly cum.

The girl loved to tease him like that and she loved to make him horny this way.

She did suffer a painful urge to wee and he did suffer a painful urge to cum. It was torture for both.

They did drive through the national park and looked out at the window. The girls short skirt was fare up at her naked thighs, she wanted to show him her thighs up to her panties, to increase his horniness a little bit more.

From time to time she squeezed her thighs with both hands from needing to wee so bad and for to show him her need, but they did not talk very much, until they had they stopped.

It would be the last stop before they go back home and everybody should use it for a toilet visit, because they would not stop anymore, said the guide.

The girl did not get out and the boy was very, very happy about it.

Some others did also stay in the bus. The guide said again that they would go nonstop for more than two hours.

The girl looked to the boy, did get up and went out of the bus.

“What a idiot!” thought the boy and was absolutely disappointed, that he missed the chance to sit for 2 more hours beside his girl with her bladder full to explode.

His urge was getting painful too and at that moment he wanted to get out, his girl was coming back.

Now it was totally wrong and different to his wishes and imaginations. He was full to burst and she was empty and relaxed.

Was that the penalty and punishment for the purpose to torture his girl so much?!

As soon as the bus started to move, the girl whispered in her boys ear”you don’t have to be sad, i did not go, i did not wee, i hold it for you. I did just buy some sweets for us.”

The boy kissed her, with all his lust and all his power and said “thank you for the sweets, but nothing can be sweeter than you.”

The next two hours the boy had his hand on the girls bladder, he could feel how much it was bulging out from her flat abdomen, he could feel how hard it was and he did like to press softly on it and to hear that girl moaning from her unbelievable need to wee.

He had his hard between her nude thighs, on her panties, in her panties and sometimes he had one of his fingers deep inside the girl.

His bladder was hurting, his need was painful and he always thought “how bad and how painful must she need to go? How can she endure that, her bladder is up to her navel and big as a soccer ball, that must be unbearable for her, but she can endure it, she have to endure it, because they did not stop anymore.

Although he did suffer the worst pee holding pains he could remember, he would have loved to go hours longer, just to give the girls not a chance to piss, just to make her hold longer and longer!!

The girl was near her limit, she is good in holding, but she doubted if it was a good idea not to pee at the last stop.

More and more she whispered in the boys ear “oh my god, i need to wee so bad, it hurts so much, i can’t hold it any longer, i nearly do it in my panties.”

The boy cheered her up and made her courage and said “you can hold it! You have to hold it, we don’t stop anymore and you can’t wet your panties and the seat.”

The girl did like to hold it, she did like to hold it for her new friend, she did like to turn him on so much that way, but she was on the border of her endurance.

As they did get out of the bus, she could not even stand and walk upright, she had to bend over and to cross her legs.

One of the other passengers, sure a man, said “ 2 hours can get sometimes ready long.”and smiled at the girl.

She and her friend thought “ 2 hours are nothing, but 20 hours can get really painful.

The boy did bring his new “holding queen “ unrelieved at home and it was starting a great holding and bladder torture relationship.

*002*2022-01-21 08:15

{{On 1/19/2022 at 1:06 PM, holdit247 said:

Oh I'd like to read more stories about this couple

}}

I am glad you like my story, thank you.

Should the girl suffer from needing to wee so bad!!? Should she have to hold her bursting full bladder even though she nearly gets crazy from needing to go so bad?

*003*2022-01-21 09:53

{{On 1/19/2022 at 1:06 PM, holdit247 said:

Oh I'd like to read more stories about this couple

}}

I absolutely agree with you, it is a waste if a girl pee, because girls are so sexy if they are desperate to wee and don’t go!!

*004*2022-01-21 23:58

Part 2

The boy took his new “holding girl “ home : unrelieved, not emptied and full to burst.

Both dreamed from a situation like that, each at his own way. They were turned on to their maximum from this day, the only problem was that the girl was full over her maximum.

As soon as they were at home she pressed her hands between her thighs and crossed her thighs hard over her hands.

She was bending over and said “sorry i was so excited about such a situation, but now i can’t anymore, i must piss like hell! My bladder will rupture if i don’t go to the loo at the next few minutes.”

For the boy, don’t a girl have to have a maximum, a girl has always be able to hold it and so he said “ sure you don’t go for to piss now, you made me horny all day long, so horny that my balls are hurting, now you get punished for that, your bladder has to pay for that, you will not go to the toilet before i fucked you and don’t worry, this “pissball” in your belly will never burst, you will pee yourself, long before that would happen, but i hope you are strong enough to hold it, i don’t want a wet bed.”

She screamed from how bad she was getting her bladder tortured and from how hard she was getting fucked, but she could endure it without to leak only one drop of her wee.

After they were “ready”, they went both to the bathroom, the boy squeezed his penis all the way to prevent leaking and the girl walked with crossed legs and one hand between her thighs.

The boy pissed first, the girl had to wait with knotted legs and one finger on her peehole. Then he did let her finally wee, after holding it for so long. He watched her how she pissed her bladder bulge away, she pissed with high pressure and a loud hissing sound for so long until her swollen belly was totally flat and her hipbones were pregnant.

The went back to the bed.

“That was absolutely world class!!! I never had a girl who could hold so much wee for so long and i never fucked a girl with such a full bladder!

You said that you are trained to hold it. Why? Who did train you? Was you not allowed to pee? Did you get forced to hold it? Please tell me more about it.” said the boy, already aroused again.

”It started at school, i did only rarely go to the school toilet. More and more i did like the feeling of a full bladder and i noticed that i was getting sexually aroused from my full bladder and the need to go.

I wanted more of it, i began to torture my bladder, i did that by not empty it for very long time. I did ignore my urge have to pee, i relished the urge and suppressed it for many hours. Sometimes i did not go all school day and then at home i still did not go for hours more.

At weekends, sometimes i peed at afternoon and no more before sleeping. In the morning i was needing to go really bad, but i did not. I did take a pillow between my thighs, turned so that i was lain on my belly and pressed my swollen bladder hard against the pillow. I did love to torture my bladder this way. It was painful, but i love this kind of pain.

Many times I did hold my urine in the morning.

. Like every girl i would need to go in the morning, but i don’t. I am holding it! I don’t go in the morning, not at noon, not until late afternoon and sometimes not until late evening.

Not to pee for so many hours can get very painful. The bladder can hurt pretty bad if it is stretched to the size of a soccer ball, but i love it, it is a special kind of pain and i love that pain and i love to torture my bladder that way.

Sometimes it is like my bladder is not a part of me, i think not i have to endure the holding pain, i think my silly bladder, deep in my belly has to endure to get tortured. I am a little bit crazy, but i know it!

There is one more reason i like, i noticed that boys gets horny if they are knowing that a girl is needing to wee but don’t go, or can’t go.

Like you as i did not go before we went to the cinema, you did know that i was needing to go, but i did not go, just for making you horny.

Today i did not go especially for you, i wanted to see how you reacted, if i would tell you that i did not pee since yesterday.

I did love the way how you reacted, but already i told you so much about me, now tell me something about you. Why you get turned on if girls need to wee? What especially makes you horny when we need to wee so bad.

Why do you get hard, if you know my poor bladder is full to burst?“ the girl asked.

(continue)

*005*2022-01-22 23:34

Part 3

”Oh my god, you drive me absolutely crazy. I always wanted to make girls hold their wee. Since i can remember i wanted prevent girls to take a much needed wee, but i could not even think that there would be one girl in the whole world, who is like you. All that what you told me sounds like a dream for me, i did cum just a few minutes ago, but i am hard again.

No other girl before was able to do that with me, i think you are made just for me, i think you are born to make me horny.” the boy answered.

”I am absolutely happy about that i am able to turn your on so much, but you do the same with me, you turn me on with your horniness for my body and your lust for my bursting bladder, you arouse me like no boy before, but now tell me more about you! Why does it make you horny to torture me so much? Why does it turning you on if girls are desperate to pee?” she wanted to know.

”That is not so easy to explain.” answered the boy.

”I love it like you, to hold my urine for a very long periods of time. I love it like you to torture my own bladder. I know very well how it feels need to piss very bad and i know that this feeling can get very painful if you hold it for extreme long, but why i get so aroused if a girl is desperate and frantic for to pee, is difficult to say.

If a girl say something like “ i need to wee really bad - i need to wee since hours- my bladder is full to burst- i need a loo - i can’t hold it much longer, or something like that, it is like you push a button, i get horny at the moment and i want more of it, i want to make the girl wait and hold.

With this sayings she makes me think “how much longer can she hold it? Can she hold it until she get a chance to go anywhere? Would she leak a little bit before? Would she piss herself, like every girl will do if she can’t go long enough?

She make me wish to spend more time with her, much more time, time where she can’t go, where she had to hold it. I want see her fight against her strong urge. I wish that her urge and her need is getting worse and worse.

Every girl is doing that at a different way.

One girl is suffering in silence, she cross her legs, or press her thighs hard together and another girl makes a peeholdingdance, in front of other’s .

It makes me think at the girls bladder, how much wee she is holding. How big , how stretched, how firm, how hard her bladder must be, is it bulging out from her abdomen? I would ask myself how hard has she to squeeze her slit tight to keep her wee inside her? And are her little panties still dry or already a little bit wet?

I would imagine how she would piss, when she finally can go after holding it for so long, how powerful it would jetting out of her with high pressure , how long and how much she would piss.

I would love to press and push on her full bladder to make her urge and her need stronger, i would love to massage her bladder and to torture it! A girl can never need to pee strong and bad enough for me.

If a girl say that she is needing to wee, it is like a erotic film is starting, the desperate girl is the actor and i don’t know how she will act, what she will do to hold it, how long will she be able to hold it and how it will ending. I just know, that film could last for hours and hours!!

Then the visual effects and the visual erotic. It is absolutely arousing for me to see a girl crossing her legs, rubbing her knees, or to see her belly swollen and her bladder bulging out.

For example, your legs are absolutely great and sexy for me, but they get much more sexy for me if you cross them from needing to wee so bad.

A proof for me, that a girl must need to wee really bad, is when her belly is swollen and her bladder is bulging out and if it is firm and hard.

Absolutely hornymaking for me is to know that a girl did not wee since a very long distance of time, like you today.

Now you know my deepest secrets, what is arousing for me about girls desperate to pee.” said the boy and switched out the lights.

Next morning the boy waked up, they did lay on their side, their naked bodies were pressed hard together and the boys hand was on the belly of the girl.

He was needing to piss and he was sure that the girl must need that too. He could not resist to press hard and deep in her lower abdomen.

”I’ll wet your bed, if you don’t stop that.”said the girl.

”You would not!” said the boy and pressed harder.

The girl told him that she would need to wee really bad, because she was needing to go before they went to sleep last night. It would be always the same, if she is holding it for so long, she need to go a second time after a short time and yesterday, she did not go anymore.

He started to massage her swollen bladder, he could feel the peeball inside her belly and tortured it.

They fucked and did stay in the bed for two more hours without to pee.

This couple was not really in love with each other, but they did love each other’s body and their special lust of pee holding and bladder torture.

After a while the boy said “ we should do that again, what wee did yesterday.”

”I would love that as well, but my bladder needs somedays a rest period from that heavy torture.” the girl answered.

He told her that he would like to make a hill hiking with her and with her and with another couple.

She would not be allowed to take her morning pee, she would have to hold it all day and would have to hide it from the others.

”Sadist!!!” she said and pressed her still overfilled bladder hard against his body.

*006*2022-01-27 08:20

Part 4

It was scheduled that the girl should stay overnight at the boys home before they did the mountain trip. The couple would have picked them up in the morning.

The boy made a kind of dress code for the girl and therefore she should bring some shorts to choose. One of the shorts was super short and very tight. It was minimum one size to small for her and must have been from her young girl time. It was not really proper for the mountains, but exactly this she had to wear.

During the girl slept, the boy cut the top button from her shorts. Next morning the girl said that she could not put those pants on because it is to small and the top button lack. The boy told her to wear the shorts without her panties, she would have more space that way and he had prepared needle and twine to sew the waistband tight together.

The girl did let him do it, but i think she did not know the reason why he did it.

She did get thick socks, heavily shoes , shirt and a sweater.

The boy wanted to be all day long maximal aroused and horny, for that reason had her legs be naked and her bladder had to be full.

They were ready some minutes before the friends came and were waiting. The girl was standing with her legs crossed.

“Does my girl need to wee?” he asked her sarcastic “Sure i would need it, i am needing it every day in the morning.”

Whenever they are aroused and horny, they talked dirty. „You looks so hot and so sexy in that outfit! Your bare legs in that little shorts are absolutely great, i think every boy and every man wants to fuck you, as soon as they see you, but my baby is absolutely safe, her wet little cunt is trapped in this tiny shots, her little cunt can not even wee if it had to, because my girl can’t get her shorts down.“said the boy.

“It should be a rule that girls are only allowed to piss at home, because whenever they go outside to a toilet, or when they say that they would need to go, they made boys think at their cunt and at their pissing girl slit. They make boys horny with their weeing, so girls should be trained to hold it from leaving their home until they come back. They have a bladder in their bellies to hold their wee and if it is necessary they should fill, or overfill their bladders to double size or more.

For me it would be the opposite, i would get more horny if girls have to hold it, if they are full to burst, but not allowed to wee, than if they go to the toilet anywhere.“ said the boy.

“You are such a good girl, you know what i love, you know the way to drive my crazy. Tell me how it feels, need to wee and to know that you can’t go all day long?“ asked the boy.

“ Let me feel your bladder.“ he said and pressed on it .“It is soft but pretty full. Can it stretch so much to hold the urine from the night and your wee from all day? It has to!! You can’t piss, you have to hold it, how bad it ever will get, you can not even if you want to, or if i would let you, your horny, little cunt is trapped in your shorts and you can’t get them down. The only way for you to pee is to piss your pants in front of the people and i think you want do that!!?”he said and pressed again hard and deep in the girls abdomen.

”Stop to torture and to tease me, that is not fair, it will be hard enough to hold it for so long and to stand the urge and the need.”said the girl.

Some minutes later came their friends.

*007*2022-01-28 12:24

Part 5

The fiends were perfect dressed for hill hiking. The man looked at our girl and said “I think you will get cold at the mountains.”

Our girl said that she has a warm sweater and she will take a jacket extra. The man did not mean her body, he meant that her naked legs would get cold and could not take his eyes from the girls great legs.

”He is the first one who would like to fuck you, hot and sexy how you are. I did tell it to you.” said the boy.

They had to go about 2 hours by car to the mountains and then they had to walk 3 hours until the top to the alpine huts.

The higher they did get, the more it grows cold, that was not a really help for the girl who was needing to wee so bad.

The boy did like to see the naked skin of his girls legs in the cold air and he did like to see goose pimples on her thighs. “Are you could?” he asked.

”Yes i am cold and i need to wee!!!” she answered.

Near the huts the other guy said “good that we are here, i am really hungry.”

His girl said “i am hungry too, but first i need a loo, it more than urgent.”

As soon as they were there, she went to the toilet.

The holding girl looked yearning behind her.

As she came out she asked our girl if she would not need to go too and she answered “i would need to, but i hold it, i hate this public toilets.”

“You must have a pretty strong bladder if you can hold it all day long.” said the guy slightly lewd.

After lunch they continued their tour and and after some hours, our holding girl did constant wail to her friend, how bad she would need to wee and how painful it is to walk with her bladder that full.

She was really eased as they were back in the car where she could sit and press her knees together.

After about 1 hour drive the girl said to his friend who was driving “can we please stop anywhere, i need a loo.”

”It’s just one more hour. Can’t you wait that long?” the guy asked.

”No i can’t, i am needing to go since more then 2 hours, i can’t wait any longer.”she answered.

“Okay, then we stop at a rest stop and we take a little dinner.” said the guy.

The holding girl did get in panic and whispered to her friends ear “you can’t do that, I’ll piss my pants if i can’t go soon, i really can’t anymore, i have to piss!!”

”I do nothing and i can’t do anything. You have to hold it, or will you tell him that you can’t pull your hot pants down for a much needed wee? Or will you piss in your pants in front of him? I am sure he would love to see that. The one and only way for you is to hold it.” he said.

”That is so absolutely unfair, she peed at noon and can’t hold it not even for one more hour, i did not wee since more than 20 hours, my bladder is full to explode and i have to suffer for her, my bladder gets tortured for 2 hours more, just that she can piss. That is really not fair. I wish he would not stop and make her hold until at home. I think she don’t know what it means need to pee really bad. He should show it her ” said the girl.

A few minutes later they stopped at a service area. The girl walked with small steps and bending over to the toilet. She could not hide her strong need to pee anymore. “Is it that bad?” asked her friend. “Oh yes, it is really bad, i am needing to go since afternoon, but i thought i can endure it until at home, but that would be absolutely impossible.” answered the girl.

It was a arousing situation for our boy, he wished that she had to hold it longer. Her friend was also visible excited from his girls desperation and our holding girl wished that she would piss her pants as punishment for that, that her own bladder gets tortured so bad for more than one hour just that she can pee. She wished that she had to endure the pain that she has to bear at the moment.

Her bladder was stretched to the size of a soccer ball and she was needing to wee so really, really bad, but to see the weakness of the other girl gave her the power to endure more than any girl can endure usually.

She did not wear panties and from pressing with her hands so hard between her thighs, she had pushed the fabric of her shorts deep in her slit. She had to pull it out now before she did get out of the car, because the guy did always look at her naked thighs, at her hot pants and at that what was underneath her pants.

She did take all her willpower and her bodily power to hide her need and to walk straight and upright to the restaurant and to the table.

The other girl came back from the toilet and said “I am sorry but it was hurting so much, it was really necessary, i could not wait any longer.”

After they ordered to drink and to eat, went the boys to the toilet. They had now all the time of the world.

Our boy was maximum aroused from this situation that his girl was frantic to wee and had no chance to go and the other guy was impressed from the holding ability from this sexy, young girl.

He was obviously turned on, looked at her belly and said “you are amazing, your bladder is already bulging out and you don’t still not go?”

”I am holding it for so long so one hour more doesn’t depending.” she answered.

”I admire you for your performance.”said the guy and said to his girlfriend that she should train that too.

“Oh yes, my girl is good in holding. We never need to stop on long road trips, she can go all day without to go!” said the boy proud.

One hour later in the car the girl whispered to her friend “that coke earlier was to much for me, i can’t hold it anymore, i need to piss now.”

He told her that she has to hold it and that would be no other way. It would be a shame to stop anywhere to let her piss beside the car. “ You had to piss through your pants, because you can’t pull your shorts down. The guy did admire you for your holding power, what would he say?! You can hold it and you have to hold it!! said the boy.

She could not use her finger to press on her peehole, because her shorts were to tight, she could not reach her little cunt, she pressed again the fabric from her shorts deep in her slit.

Finally for her, they were at home. The guy said that it was a wonderful day and that they should do it soon again.

At last he said to the girl “After you was holding it since the morning, it is easy to guess where you are going first.”

It was nearly to intimate, to say something like that, but he was so aroused, to know that this sexy girl was holding a bursting full bladder in her belly and that she was needing to wee to absolutely bad, but he was twice wrong.

She did not hold it since early morning, she did hold it since yesterday evening, he would have cum in his pants if he would have known that and her first way would not be the loo, her friend would not let her go, he would not let her pee, before she gets fucked on her bursting full bladder.

*008*2022-02-05 14:03

Part 6

The holding girl did try to hide her inhuman need to pee, she did try to walk upright, she did try to hold urine from more than 22 hours, with all her power back in her hurting bladder, because did not wanted to show the minimal weakness in front of the guy who had admired her so much for her ability to hold it for so long, but as soon as the door was closed behind her, she pressed both hands between her thighs and squatted down.

”Sorry you must give me one minute, i can’t walk anymore without to piss myself.” said the girl.

The boy did like to see that, he did get turned on from her holding show and asked lewd “is it really that bad?”

He wanted to hear more about her needing, more about her torture, he wanted to tease her, he could not get enough from it and she could “never “ need to piss bad enough for him.

”Ih yes, it is!” answered the girl and said “ sorry i can’t anymore, i did my best, that is more than a girl can endure, i must go now!”

”You must or you want to go now?”asked the boy.

”I MUST “ answered the girl irritated.

”You honestly mean that you will piss your self if you don’t go, or you mean that it is hurting so much that you can’t stand the pain anymore?” asked the boy provocative.

”I would not piss myself so soon and i could endure more holding pain, for a little longer. answered the girl.

That was not really a good answer from a girl who was frantic to piss, it was the wrong answer, especially to a boy who had no limit to make a girl hold and so he said “What are you talking such imbecile things? If you can hold it longer, than hold it!!!, Show me your limit, show me what your bladder can endure.”

The girl was needing to wee so bad, that she could not even think clearly and she did not know what she should say, she only wanted to pee.

She did slowly get up, but could not even stand straight anymore, she was bending over and had her legs tight crossed.

”Sorry but i simply have to go now.” she said.

“Who tells you that you have to? You self? But i tell you that you don’t have, i tell you that you have to hold it and i simply don’t let you go.” replied the boy.

” Torture me furthermore if you don’t let up, but please rescue me finally from this trap and she pointed at her super small shorts.” That is putting so much extra pressure on my poor bladder.” she completed.

”I need a scissor for that and it will be not so easy with your belly swollen like that, there is no space between your skin and the waistband of your shorts. You have to suck in your abdomen. in.”said the boy.

”What do you think where i can suck my stomach? My bladder is big as a soccer ball?” asked the girl.

He told her that it would be better if she would lie and told her to go to the sleeping room to lie on the bed.

With much pleasure he pressed in the girls belly and tried to push her big, hard bladder back in her abdomen.

The girl crossed her legs very tight and squeezed her sphincter with so much power, that all her sexy body trembled.

She moaned pitiful from this torture, but the boy pressed harder and harder on her belly, so hard that the pressure in her bladder was to much for her sphincter and she pissed a strong jet in her shorts.

But the boy was successful, he had cut the seam of the waistband. Her bladder was nearly jumping out of this gaol and was bulging out very far from her belly.

It was a little bit a easing for the girl.

The boy looked at the wet spot on the shorts, between her thighs and teased by “Oh my naughty, dirty little girl pissed herself. Little girl in your age should be able to hold their wee.”

She wanted to get out of the bed, but he did not let her and said that it would be to bummer to let all the wee that she is holding in for so long inside her, simply in loo, without to have fun with it before.

”So much hot girl wee, must be used for a good sex!” he said and caressed her swollen belly.

At the same moment was his friend calling.

“We are already at home.” he said. “ Thank you for this great time, we spendet together to day and congratulations to your new girlfriend, she awesome.

She is so absolutely sexy, she has a great body and excuses me if i talk like that about you girlfriend, it was so turning on for me that she did not pee even one time all the day, i did not know that before, that this can be so arousing.” he said.

” You are totally right, she did not wee only one time today, not even in the morning. She did not wee since yesterday evening.

She is lies now beside me in the bed and still has not gone.”answered the boy.

”Oh my god, i don’t know what to say. She must be full to burst! How can she endure that? Why don’t she go for so long? Why does she still hold it, her bladder must be full to explode!!

Sorry that i talk like that, but that imagination that she did not pee since nearly 24 hours, makes me totally horny.” he said

“Yeah, you are right, she is awesome. She is doing that for me, because i love it if a girl is holding her wee for extreme long periods and i love it if a girls bladder is full and up to her navel, like hers now.” said the boy.

”I am sorry, it is a shame, if she is beside you and can hear us.” said the guy.

”Sure she can hear us, but it is not a shame, she like’s to get admired for her ability to hold it and for her bladder control and she is a little bit maso to. to , she likes to suffer a painful urge to wee.”replied the boy.

”Can we make again a day trip together ?” wanted the guy know.

”Sure we can and she should again not wee in the morning and shy hold it for us all day long? Is it that what you want?” the boy asked.

*010*2022-02-15 12:01

{{On 2/11/2022 at 8:29 PM, eucoloco said:

Cool story

}}

Thank you, i am glad that you like it.

*012*2022-02-28 18:22

{{18 hours ago, holdit247 said:

Better than cool, phenomenal. Reminds me of an ex GF of mine who was exactly like this. During desperate sex she'd beg me not to let her go afterwards...

}}

Thank you for your compliment, i am glad that you like my story.

Could you tell us please some of your experiences with your ex GF.

She must have been awesome!!!

Only to imagine to have a desperate full bladder sex with a girl, to know that she is needing to wee so really, really bad, maybe since a long time, to know that her bladder is overfilled, is absolutely hot and exciting.

If she say during sex, that i should not let her go afterwards, i think that i would cum at the moment.

She wanted to get fu…… with her bladder full and she wanted to made hold afterwards, so hot and arousing.

Did you make her hold? Until you had sex a second time?

*014*2022-02-28 21:17

{{1 hour ago, holdit247 said:

Hi

She's the one who improved her capacity from 800ml to 1800ml in one month of practicing. She was grossly overweight, but that gave her room for her bladder to expand I guess.

She would hold every single day to the very limit of her endurance, and then a bit more. She even gave up work to be able to focus on holding more frequently. She never peed before we'd had sex, and if she was utterly desperate and at risk of leaking, she'd beg me to come home or stop whatever I was doing so that I could satisfy her before she measured - which she did every pee.

She often held after sex, so for example we'd make love in the late evening when she was very very full and struggling to hold it, because she hadn't peed since 8am but had drunk maybe 3 litres of tea or whatever steadily during the day. During sex, she'd be begging me not to let her go afterwards, but telling me that she couldn't even hold it another few seconds, and to press on her bladder as hard as I could. I was in shape then, so could rest all my bodyweight (except the bit that was inside her) on her bladder using my hands, a bit like a plank. I was a very considerate lover (ahem!) and would give her a couple of hours of foreplay and sex itself would last 90 minutes to 2 hours, then after we were done, I wouldn't have to do anything, she would somehow fall asleep and we'd make love the next morning, then she would finally measure.

She also had a fetish for counting her orgasms, and the fuller she was the more she had. Her average was 36 orgasms each time we made love, so you could say she sometimes managed 72 per full bladder!

I miss her.

}}

I can absolutely understand that you miss her. Girls like her are very, very rare.

Did you have after her a girl least similar to her ?

That must have been so awesome for you that she never peed before sex, to know that she was very, very full and to give her a couple of hours foreplay. A foreplay where her bladder had to stretch more and more, where her urge and her need did get stronger and stronger from minute to minute.

A foreplay where you could play with her bladder, where you could press and push on it very hard, where you could put all your body weight on her bladder, before you had sex with her for 2 more hours.

After that she did sleep without to wee.

Hot, amazing and arousing, absolutely a dream.

She did hold every single day until the very limit of her endurance!!! Great!!

Why did she do that? For herself and for you?

Can you please write more about her!?

*016*2022-03-01 06:27

{{6 hours ago, holdit247 said:

She enjoyed holding before we met, just because she liked the sensations, but ramped it up to extremes, and it became part of her sexual routine because of/with me. So she did it for both of us, we both got a lot out of it.

I have never had another girlfriend who took it to such extremes, but plenty who were willing and/or enjoyed holding, including my current GF, who is going to do a spectacular hold on Thursday this week, for my birthday.

}}

Thank you again for your answer. That sounds also good that you had plenty girls who were willing to hold it, or did enjoyed holding.

How did they know that you like it if they were needing a toilet but did not go, if they putting it off and if they were holding a full bladder?

Did they noticed that you got aroused from that, or did you tell it to the girls?

Your current GF did hold it on your birthday, or for your birthday, as a kind of present?

*018*2022-03-01 08:41

{{8 minutes ago, holdit247 said:

I told all of them before our first date, I think it's only fair to be honest to people about something that matters hugely to me.

Yes, doing an extreme hold for my birthday became a regular thing amongst all my exs and is for my current partner. I suppose you could call it a birthday present.

}}

Great, that your girlfriends did hold it for you on your birthday! There will be no better present, than a bursting full bladder!!

Your current GF did a extreme hold for you on your birthday, absolutely hot to imagine.

How long was she holding? How bad was she needing to go?

*019*2022-03-01 10:37

{{1 hour ago, huberp76 said:

Great, that your girlfriends did hold it for you on your birthday! There will be no better present, than a bursting full bladder!!

Your current GF did a extreme hold for you on your birthday, absolutely hot to imagine.

How long was she holding? How bad was she needing to go?

}}

You told all your girls before your first date, that you like pee holding and that it is arousing for you if they would hold a full bladder?

How did they react? Some of them did it?

*021*2022-03-01 14:37

{{1 hour ago, holdit247 said:

Last year she peed, drank 2 pints of water over half an hour, then we went out for 2 hours for a walk. Towards the end of the walk she was almost incapable of walking, stopping frequently to bend over and said that it was the only thing she could do to stop it coming out. when we got home she leaked stepping in the front door, but then we went upstairs and made love. So from pee to pee was 2 hours 45 minutes. She said she was at 10/10 for about an hour in total.

This year she's planning to drink more liquid, and it'll be alcohol as we are going out for dinner. However she's also wanting to try drinking 3 pints of water before doing the same walk over the same timescale. We'll probably do that later in spring when the weather is better.

All were open minded, one flat refused to do it, several reluctantly admitted they were already into holding, though none of them had connected the "nice feelings" of holding with sexual arousal, so we tried that . Those who weren't into it but willing to try mostly liked it, and kept indulging me from time to time even if they didn't like it.

Honesty is a good basis for a healthy relationship.

}}

„Honestly is a good basis for a healthy relationship „

I absolutely agree with you, but for me there is a big different between reality and imagination.

In my fantasy and imagination, i could do things what i never would be able to do in reality.

*022*2022-03-02 22:04

Part 7

It was a warm summer day, our young couple had planned to spend the day in a open air swimming pool.

Just as they were ready to go, the boy got a call from his friend.

He wanted to go for a beer with him, but the boy told him that they can gladly go at another day, but not now, because they are on the way for to swim.

The boy did choose a quiet corner for to lay the blanket on the meadow. He wanted to have pleasure with his sexy, young girl.

It did not last all to long, came the guy. He acted like it was a serendipity that he did choose exactly this open air pool and said that he would be absolutely happy to meet them.

The guy was really and absolutely happy to meet them, because he was totally addicted to the girls body, at her slender legs, her petite body and at her strong bladder.

Where could he see her body better than at the open air swimming pool?!!

He did absolutely get rewarded. The girl did wear the tiniest bikini that you can think. She showed her sexy body in the best way.

He could not take his eyes from her, especially from her belly. Could it be that he could see a little bulge between her hipbones, right at the edge over her little bikini panty.

He could nothing else, than to ask his friend “is she needing to wee?”

”Ask her! I think she will tell it you, but i am sure that she would need to, because i did not let her go this morning.” he answered.

“ Oh my god! She did not wee since yesterday?!! She is so gorgeous! Sorry but i have to say that.” he said and had troubles to hide his boner.

“She did not wee since yesterday before dinner! You don’t have to be sorry, i like that too and I can understand that you get aroused from knowing that she did not wee since more than 16 hours.She likes it to get admitted and to turn us on with her strong need to go and her overfilled bladder .”so it is everything okay.”he answered.

The guy invited our couple for a drink. He did it with a ulterior motive, how we know.

Back at the blanket they decided to go to the pool. The girl did not go, she did stay on the blanket.

“Don’t you go with us?” asked the guy.

”No, i promised to my friend that i would stay dry for all the day. No wet from outside and no wetting from inside.”she said and pointed with her hand at her panties.

At lunch, the guy invited for another drink.

”For me just a small glass, it’s getting already really bad, i am needing to wee more than you two can imagine.”she said, but the guy did not listen to her and ordered a large drink.

”You are really the friend from my friend! You like to see me suffer, like he does.”she said and did drink.

The young boy said that he should not make her drink so fast and so much.

“Are you afraid that she can’t endure it any longer and that she would wee her panties.”he wanted to know.

The boy told him that she would never in life pee her panties, but her bladder would get so big that it would bulging out so much from her flat belly, that everybody could see it.

The poor girls bladder was already so big and so swollen, that it was visible bulging out a little bit.

What will they do the next hours?

*023*2022-03-04 23:27

{{On 3/2/2022 at 11:04 PM, huberp76 said:

Part 7

It was a warm summer day, our young couple had planned to spend the day in a open air swimming pool.

Just as they were ready to go, the boy got a call from his friend.

He wanted to go for a beer with him, but the boy told him that they can gladly go at another day, but not now, because they are on the way for to swim.

The boy did choose a quiet corner for to lay the blanket on the meadow. He wanted to have pleasure with his sexy, young girl.

It did not last all to long, came the guy. He acted like it was a serendipity that he did choose exactly this open air pool and said that he would be absolutely happy to meet them.

The guy was really and absolutely happy to meet them, because he was totally addicted to the girls body, at her slender legs, her petite body and at her strong bladder.

Where could he see her body better than at the open air swimming pool?!!

He did absolutely get rewarded. The girl did wear the tiniest bikini that you can think. She showed her sexy body in the best way.

He could not take his eyes from her, especially from her belly. Could it be that he could see a little bulge between her hipbones, right at the edge over her little bikini panty.

He could nothing else, than to ask his friend “is she needing to wee?”

”Ask her! I think she will tell it you, but i am sure that she would need to, because i did not let her go this morning.” he answered.

“ Oh my god! She did not wee since yesterday?!! She is so gorgeous! Sorry but i have to say that.” he said and had troubles to hide his boner.

“She did not wee since yesterday before dinner! You don’t have to be sorry, i like that too and I can understand that you get aroused from knowing that she did not wee since more than 16 hours.She likes it to get admitted and to turn us on with her strong need to go and her overfilled bladder .”so it is everything okay.”he answered.

The guy invited our couple for a drink. He did it with a ulterior motive, how we know.

Back at the blanket they decided to go to the pool. The girl did not go, she did stay on the blanket.

“Don’t you go with us?” asked the guy.

”No, i promised to my friend that i would stay dry for all the day. No wet from outside and no wetting from inside.”she said and pointed with her hand at her panties.

At lunch, the guy invited for another drink.

”For me just a small glass, it’s getting already really bad, i am needing to wee more than you two can imagine.”she said, but the guy did not listen to her and ordered a large drink.

”You are really the friend from my friend! You like to see me suffer, like he does.”she said and did drink.

The young boy said that he should not make her drink so fast and so much.

“Are you afraid that she can’t endure it any longer and that she would wee her panties.”he wanted to know.

The boy told him that she would never in life pee her panties, but her bladder would get so big that it would bulging out so much from her flat belly, that everybody could see it.

The poor girls bladder was already so big and so swollen, that it was visible bulging out a little bit.

What will they do the next hours?

}}

Part 8

Back at the meadow, all three lay down on the blanket. The girls belly was visible swollen and the contours of her of big overfilled bladder was clearly cognizable in her lower abdomen.

Her need and her urge to urinate must have been very strong and urgently, maybe already painful, but she suppressed her bodily needs without to show any signs except her bulging bladder.

”I am needing to wee so really, really bad! I can’t understand why you guys like it so much if we girls hold our pee back, if we don’t go to the loo when we would need it so urgently?” asked the girl.

”Why do you always try to make us hold and wait, why don’t you let us go if we would need to go so bad, why is it so exciting for you if our bladder is full and hurting ?” she wanted to know.

“My little sadist, she pointed to her friend, use every opportunity to torture a girls bladder.” she said and told us a experience, just from a short time ago.

She said that they made a jaunt with her little sister, she is one year younger than her.

At the evening , on the way home, the girl said to her friend „can we stop anywhere, my sister is needing to go so urgently?“

He told her that she should wait until they are at home and that she would be old enough to hold it that long.

“How long will that last?“ she wanted to know.

„About 2 hours, maybe a little bit longer!“was his short answer.

“I think that she will not be able to hold it for so long. She told me hours before that she would need to go.“ she said.

“She can hold it and she has to hold it, because i don’t stop for only to let her pee. She is a big girl and girls must always be able to hold it as long as they get a chance.”said the boy.

“My little sadist did us not give only one chance to go all day long. He did love it that we were both full and that our bladder was up to our navel. My poor sister pressed her knees together like a vise, to keep her panties dry, she moaned and whined from needing to wee so bad for more than two hours.

As soon as we arrived at the parking lot, she opened the door, squatted beside the car and peed until there was a large lake of girl wee.

I think, her panties were already wet, as she pulled them down.

She was a lot angry and said that she never go with us for a day trip.

”Oh such a journey, with two girls bursting to pee, would be a dream for me.You asked before, why we boys get so much aroused from girls who need to wee, i think that is why...” said the guy.

(continue)

*024*2022-03-12 11:00

Part 9

The guy was so excited to hear that experience where the two girls had to hold their wee for all day and he was so aroused from seeing the pretty girls bladder bulging out so much from her slim abdomen, that he did take the courage to talk with her about it.

”You asked before, why it is so exciting for us men to see girls desperate to pee. It is difficult to explain, but to know that you did not wee since yesterday evening, turns me extreme on.

To imagine that you suppress your strong urge since so long, that you force your bladder to hold the urine since yesterday, that you force your bladder to stretched to a unnatural size and that you are ready to endure the painful need to go for so long, is absolutely arousing for me.

To see your bladder bulging out so much and to know that your abdomen is full with hot urine, is more than hot for me.

I can’t exactly tell you why, i can only say that it is so!” tried the guy to explain.

”I like it to have my bladder full and i like it that you guys like that too and that you get turned on from that, but i think that i had to much to drink today, i nearly can’t anymore, it is getting so painful, i have to wee now!” said the girl.

”May i go?”she begged her friend.

“No you may not. Absolutely not! I have been pleased all day to have sex with you at evening, when you are full like that.” her friend answered.

”But i can’t endure it no more, my urge is so painful, all my abdomen hurts so much from needing to pee so bad, i am afraid that my bladder will burst if i don’t urinate so soon as any possible. Sorry that were to many drinks today, i promise I’ll make it better next time, but please let me go now. Please!” she was begging.

”It is a bummer to let all that wee in the toilet, without to use it before for a good bursting bladder sex. To let the hot wee simple run in a toilet bowl without to enjoy someone it’s a shame.” the boy said.

”I am absolutely sorry for that, i would have loved it too, to spend a great evening with you and my full bladder, but i absolutely can cope that, you could not even bring me home dry, if we leave now, but i make you a offer that could be a little compensation, i let you watch me peeing.” she said.

”You seriously mean that you will show my friend your pissing, little cunt?” the boy asked surprised.

”Sorry, but i am needing it so bad, i would do it on the main square, just for to stop this inhuman torture. But if you like it better, i can do it for may self, but please let me do it.” she is begging once more.

”Oh no, not for your self, i would love to watch you!!” said the guy for understandably reason.

Her friend agreed, but was not sure if he really did like it.

At the end of the corner, where they were they lay, there was a wall and there were two large containers, there they would have shelter, where nobody could see them.

The girl did try to stand up, but could no more stand upright, she was bending over and her legs were tight crossed.

Her bladder was visible bulging out from over her little bikini panties, up to her navel.

She was near to tears, so bad and so painful she was needing to wee.

She did not piss since longer than 20 hours.

Unbelievable that a girl is able to violate her bladder so much and to endure so much pee urge.

The poor girl walked with her knees rubbing together at each step she did and as soon as they were behind the container, she pulled her little panties down over her knees and started to piss.

She pissed with high pressure and a loud hissing sound. It seams that it would never end.

The yellow urine was jetting out between her spread thighs, she was squatting with her bare feet in the middle of a lake from her hot girl wee.

She had nothing to wipe out, she pulled her panties up and exactly over her slit, was a little dark and wet patch on the fabric of her panties.

“Oh my god, that was amazing, that must have been 1 1/2 liter what you have been holding!!! Who can a slim girl like you endure to hold so much wee inside her?“ said the guy fascinated and visible aroused.

After that, they went to swim and then for a drink.

On the way home the girl said that she is sorry for to fail today and that she will make a repair next time, she will try to go over her limit.

The boy was happy to hear that and said that they could make a two day trip, from Saturday until Sunday.

She should wee before leaving at Saturday morning and then no more until they are at home on Sunday.

“You can’t get enough to torture my poor bladder, it can never be full enough for you!!?“ she said and smiled.

