Emmas night alone

Author: Hazel

*000*2017-05-31 01:05

This is my first attempt at fiction so any suggestions would be greatly appreciated.

Emma was stuck at the dinner table while her parents were whispering over on the other side. Emma is an only child and is in 12th grade. She is 5"6' and has long wavy red hair.

"Emma, Emma" her parents were saying while touching her arm. She realized she had completely zoned out and her parents were trying to get her attention.

"Yeah" she replied and her parents looked relieved.

Her parents then put a serious tone on and started talking, "We are going to have to leave for the weekend for work. Is that okay with you?"

Emma started to get excited. A whole weekend being able to do whatever she wanted without her parents knowing? fantasies started appearing in her beofre she realized that she needed to respond. "Oh, ya thats fine"

Her parents then told her to makes sure not to burn the house down and also told her that she couldnt host any parties at her house but the occasional friend was fine. She was getting excited. It was friday evening and her parents were about to leave. She knew what she wanted to do and started making some coffee to drink. When her parents left she downed the entire pot and started sipping on some tea. She started to try and think of what she could do when it came to her. The bathroom was off limits tonight unless she had to go #2. She decided to let a short spurt fall into her panties while leaning up against the counter.

Throughout the next 30 minutes she decided she was going to catch up on a couple of shows when she got a text from peter. Peter was a friend from class who she had a major crush on. They had been friends for years and often just showed up at each others house since they were neighbors. The text said, "why is your front door locked xD." She quickly ran down the stairs and felt her bladder feeling against this notion. Emma looked towards the bathroom, but then went i can hold it and dashed to the door.

Peter came in and He stretched his arms out wanting a hug. She gratefully excepted and led him into her room in the house. Peter asked where her parents were and she told him everything. They continued to chat for a while when hazel thought of a really good idea. Why dont i just let a little out every time my panties are dry so i dont get desperate. While peter was talking and they were both sitting on the floor she let a little bit out and it felt amazing. She continued doing this for quite a while. She would let a little bit out and wait till she couldnt feel wetness which was pretty wuick since it was close to 90 degrees in her room. After another 30 minutes though she started to get really desperate. though. She didnt want to excuse herself to the bathroom because they were having a really good conversation.

Emma knew she needed to think of something quick. They were both sitting criss cross applesauce on the floor and she knew if she moved it would make him think she didnt care about the conversation which she did. She thought of something. "Do you want something to drink" She said.

"Oh um, sure" he replied

She led him downstairs and into the kitchen which allowed her to at least of her legs together even though standing wasnt helping much. She knew that if she was able to get peter to go one side of the island with her on the other she could even openly hold herself without getting caught. She was still letting spurts out but it was getting harder to control. A lot harder. When Emma and Peter got to the kitchen Emma poured Peter some water. The continued talking and her plan had worked. She was able to hold herself but it wasnt helping as much as she had hoped. Then she felt liquid slid down her abdomen to the slit between her legs she fought back and succeeded and she let out another spurt except she got a little more than she bargained for.

She felt herslef do a spurt and then leak for a good 15 seconds afterword into her light blue pants. She looked down for a second and luckily Peter didnt notice but she had a bigger problem. She saw there was a softball sized wet spot between her legs. She also didnt feel any relief. She was absolutely bursting for a wee. It had been 3 hours since she had drank the coffee and she had drunk 3 bottles of water to go along with it.

Suddenly Peter looked up and said, "Can i use the bathroom?"

She told Peter she could and suddenly thought of a plan. She thought if she could get onto the sink she could pee into that while peter was in the bathroom, she would just need to act fast. She pulled herself onto the sink and felt many spurts come out as she sat on the sink. She saw that that softball sized wet spot had grown into a dinner plate sized wet spot and she felt herself spurt again. She quickly slid down her pants but didnt have enough time to remove her panties before starting to pee full force. She felt liquid launching out of her and it felt orgasmic. She finished going and hopped down just in time right as peter turned the corner but things did not go to plan. To hid the fact she was cleaning out the sink, Emma started washing Peters water glass and peter rushed over to help her, she turned to say that she got it but it was too late, he has seen how wet her pants are.

"Is that water or pee?" peter asked

She confessed everything, starting with the fact that she had been needing to pee ever since he had come over and that she had been slowly peeing herself behind the counter and that she had peed in the sink. Peter told her, "its okay, everyone has accidents, why didnt you just go to the bathroom?"

"I enjoyed it." Emma replied

"oh."

Then she confessed that she liked peeing and holding and that it was okay if he didnt want to be friends afterword. He walked forward and just kissed her. She was taken aback. She had been expecting him to never want to see her again saying that he hated her and here she was kissing him. He pulled back and looked very relieved.

Peter started to talk slowly, like he was confessing something, "I have liked you since the day we met all those years ago. You couldnt do anything to make me hate you, and im also enjoy peeing. Im sorry if i was too forward"

Emma was just taken aback, she couldnt even formulate words. All she managed to say was,"oh." He started to look worried and was thinking that she didnt feel the same way. She quickly told him that she also had liked him and they both just kind of sat there looking really awkwardly with each other until Peters phone started ringing. It was his mom calling saying he needed to be home ASAP. He asked if she wanted to hang out and she smiled and said yes. He quickly turned and ran out the door.

To be continued if anyone wants more on this story. I hope you enjoyed!

*002*2017-05-31 01:50

{{16 minutes ago, MsFortune-Take said:

Cute story. Really nice for a first time :3

}}

Thank you!

*004*2017-05-31 04:16

Should i continue this story?

{{2 hours ago, MsFortune-Take said:

Cute story. Really nice for a first time :3

}}

{{2 hours ago, Bellatrix1 said:

That was very good =)

}}

*006*2017-05-31 04:31

{{29 minutes ago, MsFortune-Take said:

If you want

}}

I dont know where i should take it. i feel like that may have been an end point. i may start a new story though. i do enjoy writing these xD

*008*2017-05-31 13:17

{{6 hours ago, Gemmy said:

Definitely write more stories, I look forward to reading them. This was very well written and very enjoyable.

}}

Thank you!

