So Much for Family

Author: HissGenerator

*000*2023-04-29 04:52

So Much for Family.

She had told me that I can just come right in, no ring, no knock. I stepped into her kitchen through the side-door, and searched for the living room where I can plop myself down on some couch ‘til Jay came down ready to go. But I found myself sitting there for a good ten minutes and she still hadn’t come down. Jay is my step-sister — Dad pushed me and pushed me, practically forced me, to go spend time with her, to get to know her as he wants us all to be “family”: whatever that means. It’s too soon to use that word — and you can’t force it! And today is exactly why that’s true.. because what I stumbled and saw would not have made me stare with awe had she been “family”.

Jay had her own place, her divorced Mommy having bought it with her divorce settlements — sorry, I’m being harsh here, but I’ve got a bone to pick with ‘taking half a man’s life’, but let’s not get political. Dad asked me to get to know her better, and she agreed, so here I am. But, gosh, was she taking just too long to “get ready”: for what, look pretty for her step-bro, aren’t we “family” after all?

I got impatient — wish I worked more on that, otherwise I wouldn’t have ruined Dad’s dream of being “family” — and decided to roam on upstairs to let her know I’ve been waiting for a while, now. I should’ve just called halfway up the stairs, really. But I went all the way to the top, where I could hear her nearby. I approached where her humming took me: to the slightly creaked-open bathroom door. I was behind the door, when my head unthinkingly peered-in around the corner: my eyes glanced on a topless Jay standing in a pair of skintight blue jeans inside the bathtub.

What the fuck did I just do? What did I just see?

But my head told me to take another peek around the hardly opened door, like a creep in the shadows, but the shadows were her own house, and her bathroom light inviting. A second glance found her lips chewed beneath her teeth while her hands were smushed between her upper legs, as if her hips swallowed them whole — oh my, what the fuck am I looking at, why the fuck am I looking at..?

I quickly start to feel warmth inside, probably just as how warm she might’ve caused to herself: what the fuck is wrong with me, this is not family-like..

But she’s not family.. yet — look at me trying to rationalize my devilish desire to remain, to watch what is about to transpire..

I hate to say it.. but I stayed.. I shamefully yet shamelessly stood and watched her—hey, don’t judge me: she said come right on in, she was taking too long, she left her bathroom door open, and it’s almost like.. like.. she wanted me to.. to.. w-watch.. and damn it, if you saw what I saw, you would, too!

Soon her hands reappeared and caressed her inner-thigh contours while her bottoms lips flung forward when her teeth released them. She was looking ahead, to my right, and puckered her lips, as if there were someone across from her, watching.. but I couldn’t see what, nor would I dare to creak her door a little to even see. She examined and re-examined the curves of her legs, teasing her blue-painted skin.

Fuck this is so wrong, but fuck there was no longer any more room in my pants.. fuck it, I don’t care anymore: I’m going to keep watching.

By eyesight had to re-adjust twice, and eyebrows scrunch harder, when a tiny glint rushed out the front rise of her jeans. It was one moment a twinkling pin-drop then a shimmering dark-blue underwear worn across the front of her pants.. what the.. what in the fu—is she doing? I-is.. d-did she.. just urinate?! As flabbergasted as I was, my widened eyes couldn’t detached from her pelvis. She stopped her glance below and bit her lips again, her hands following the inseam line all the way up until her bitten lips whispered: “Fuck” to herself and her shoulders jerked when she held herself in that upward manner..

I-is she.. g-getting a kick out of this..?

And just as my bewildered and perplexed mind questioned reality, Jay’s eyes moaned in the most mind-silencing manner known to man. Her jaw gapped as yellow twinkled out from between her fingers and the darkness forced its wings laterally to her hips and side-seams. Her knees almost betrayed her. And there again does she taunt herself with those whispered “Fucks”.

She molests herself for a bit, over her heavily-saturated jeans, her face contorting and shoulders irregularly jerking. But then pauses and grabs the sides of her thighs, glancing below, as if waiting for something.. but I knew exactly what, and for some mind-boggling moment my other.. p-part.. panged with sheer monstrosity at what she imminently paused for.

Her jaw gapped again and once again did I find her gleaming dark jeans below the waist; she slightly widening her thighs as a massive rush of shining river-ed like the canal at the bottom of dam: two strong liquids flowing on either side of her inseams, soaking the inner calves and wrapping around the knees to the front, then to the other side. Her right hamstrings twitched two or three times in quick succession below the glistening waters cascading overtop. Once again her knees betray, and she loses her balance: she lolls her head back and arches backwards, falling into the wall behind her as her hands detach from her thighs and try to gain support against the wall. She motions as though inebriated.

She’s moaning moans and phew-ing phews indescribable for me to articulate — I don’t know why she’s doing what she’s doing, but seeing her make herself like so.. fuck, I’m about to ruin myself.

She closes her legs and unbuttons and unzips, but doesn’t remove, only thrusting her left hand as it disappears once again underneath her shining darkness..

Guys, I swear if you were there y-you.. would’ve too..

When she started.. going at it, to say the least, she was squelching underneath the wetting fabric.. a-and, by all the power of my manhood, the sound made me lose it completely and my throat released me out of the shadows..

I fell backward onto the carpet floor grabbing myself and-and jerked and writhed with pleasure on her floor uncontrollably, soiling myself. When I open my eyes, Jay stood before me: topless and all, pissed and actually pissed..

But fuckin’ hell.. I just couldn’t care enough to be shameful.. this was past my lowest point.

“You’re a fuckin’ creep”, she berated me.

“You’re a fuckin’ weirdo”, as I struggled to point at her soaked jeans, still dripping at the cuffs, as my toes curled just a few inches away..

*001*2023-04-29 15:30

So Much for Family:

Dinner-time!

It’s been a couple weeks since I last been over: I figured I’d stay away for a while ever since we caught each other in the act. But Dad has been pushing me again to go see her, but, damn it, he wouldn’t understand — and there was no way, no fucking way, I was going to even consider mentioning to him, especially not risking the fact that Jay would rat me out.

And it’s good that I kept the distance because ever since I saw her like so, whenever I had some “alone-time”, it was hard not to get off to anything except when she came across my mind. She is forever ruined in my mind, there is no way I can consider her family, nor did I even want to try.

After I finished before her, her anger turned to disappointment in her eyes, or at least what I felt was disappointment. She left her bathroom door open when she return back to grab a towel.

“Here. Clean yourself up.”, her eyes refusing to look at me as she threw the towel at me.

The guilt in my chest was soon in my throat, but I could not for the life of me figure why she didn’t cover up or anything. Like, hell, if I were her, I’d put my shirt back on — actually, I would run back into the bathroom and hide behind the door and demand that I leave the house!

But she didn’t do any of that. It’s as if she knew there was no use: what’s done is done and seen is seen; there was no shame to cover up.

I laid there for a good minute frozen, the towel thrown over the damp stain on my slim cut-offs. She didn’t bother closing the door behind her, she just went back in and turned on the shower.. then she threw off her soaked jeans across her bathroom, falling partially within my preview. She began showering, and I did not dare to enter and sneak a peek around the left. I got up and left the house immediately.

What in the world..?

Looking back on it now, there was a part of me that was assuming she was inviting me, but I think I was just too inebriated by her—

—“Son, since you’re going to make me force you again, I’ve decided to have Kathy and Jay over today for dinner. Your moth—your step-mother is now a part of this family and that means you now have a sister. Please try to get to know her; she would really appreciate the effort, and I would, too.”

“No! Dad, it’s okay. I’ll just go visit her on my own.”

“That’s the spirit! You can do so together any day after dinner—“

—“Wait, so, they’re still coming over..?”

“Well, of course, I invited them, didn’t I?”

“And Jay willfully said she’ll be over..?”

“Why wouldn’t she? It’s been a while, she likely took a liking to you, the last you saw each other—see, I told you it wouldn’t be so bad!”

Why would she even agree to come over? I’d not. I’d be way too embarrassed by the fact that I’d have to look my step-bro in the eyes, overcome by the reality that those same eyes came to me as they watched..

Fuck.. this is going to be awkward..

Soon, what I dreaded rang the doorbell, Dad greeting Kathy first. I stood behind him, hiding; though there was really nowhere to. Jay’s ginger hair appeared from behind her, seemingly hiding herself, too, but what do I know!

Both our wandering eyes met at a glance.

And though for a moment, fuckin’ hell it felt like an eternity! We could read each other’s minds! We both smiled the slightest curved lip as “Hello”. Dad hugged Kathy, then she did me. Then he hugged Jay..

And knew that I had to hug her next—fuck!

Once again, her green eyes peered into my soul. She approached me first, as I forgot how to hug entirely and embraced me.

“I’m wearing the same ones..”

...

What, now..?

Wearing the same ones, what is she..?

Oh.. fuck—immediately it got a lot hotter, though the front-door air rushed inside.

Fuck, she’s wearing the same ones she soaked. The same ones under which she squelched. It was so tantalizingly fit around her legs, as if they’ve shrunken a bit since the last time she worn them.

Damn it! I need to stay away from her—I need to stay away from her now.. before I start boiling underneath the dinner table!..

What the fuck is she doing to me..? Does she think this is a game?!

“So, Jay, do you go to college?”

“Yes, I’m in my final year. Currently preparing my thesis on the ‘evolutionary implications of male sexual drive’: that’s what I’m going to title it.”—

She faintly smirks a corner lip-curl and a brief glance to her left.

—She must be pulling my leg!..

“Wow, the male sex-drive.. err.. why that topic?”

“Well, initially, I was going to do it on the female drive.. but recently I had a change of heart. I saw something that got me thinking what drives males so intently and strongly..”

Oh my word, is this the conversation we’re going to explore our first time at the dinner table..

“Dad, you recently got that promotion, what’s gonna happen next—you’re pretty driven, I’d say!—“

—Fuck, that did not come out right..

She bit down on her lips, her hand holding back a giggle. All I could do is stare back in disbelief and head-shaking..

“Err.. uh, yes! I recently got promoted to a seniority position at the firm. So far we’ve just been finalizing things and I’ve been preparing for the view would look like from the 8th floor, now.. because that’s what I was looking forward to: the view..”

Kathy suddenly giggled out of nowhere..

Really..? She thought that was funny..?

I’m refusing to look at Jay, but every time my eyes can’t do anything but wonder, I find her constantly shifting her sight back to me, catching me looking at her every single time, while she ate and listened to Kathy and Dad’s conversation.

“Excuse me, Mr. Wellis, where is the washroom—“

“Honey, please call hi—“

“—No, no, it’s okay.. Jay, it’s around the left, down the hall and on the right side—there are a bunch of doors, so it might be confusing.. Jason, would show Jay the way.. oh! That was a rhyme, ha!”

Kathy giggled some more.

Kill me now.

“No, Dad, it’s okay, it’s simply: around the left, down the hall, the forth door on the righ—“

“—Jason, no, that’s not polite; show her the way.”

My purple face glances up to her pursed lips trying to hide the grin she so badly wants to send my way.

Sheesh, her thighs are so nice, and sitting so near to their sight—

Ugh! Damn it, why am I glancing this close to her, when she’s clearing watching my every move. I don’t even check to see if she saw me relishing over her figure. I just stand ashamedly looking at the floor and I guide her around the corner. As I walk down the hall, I refuse to look back at her, whom I assume is probably grinning at me.

“The bathroom..”, I beckon with my left arm, struggling to even look up at her, after turning on the light. She tiptoes in laterally, squeezing her left shoulder past me and her breasts against the door-sill. She intently and slightly arches her flexible, curvy waist and brushes her hips past my own through the narrow space, her tight blue-jean’d butt and pocketed phone rubbing past in between..

“Oh! I’m sorry.. excuse me..”, she sarcastically remarks, letting out the slightest and shortest enthusiasm.

No the fuck you’re not, my mind screams at her.

I need to head back to my room after this stunt she just pulled, before I blow up at the dinner table, as a rush of heat escapes my face and drives downward, feeling a semi-pressure build, and quickly discard her at the threshold—

“Wait!”, stops me dead in my tracks.

“Wait..”, she repeats, whispering while turning her head around the door-sill.

My turning finds her canine pulling her left corner lip:

“Don’t you want to watch..?”

My heart’s now in my pants, pumping hard, but luckily the corridor was only partially lit up by the bathroom light leaking in.

I shake my head no, but my head wants me to say yes, yet I’m unsure if she’s just toying with me.

“Are you sure.. ‘cause I’m giving you permission now, ‘cause last time you weren’t invited?”, she slyly teases.

“No. You’re fuckin’ weird..”, I annoyingly whisper, nearly breaking out in a low voice.

“And you’re fucking not?!”, she immediately shoots back, chuckling lightly.

“No, that shit was by accident—“

—“Cumming in your pants was sure no accident, unless one glance at my tits maxes you the fuck out!”, she attacks.

Woah, she’s fuckin’ aggressive.. and so weirdly open about it.

My eyes shyly cast by the wayside..

There’s a moment of silence, and refuse to look up at her..

“Hnmph..”, and my eyes immediately dart to the sound! They find her right fingers eaten up by her thighs and front teeth clearly biting her bottom lips.

I purse, then bite hard, my slightly parted lips while she catches my eyes glance between her face and her hold.

“Don’t! Stop!”, my chewed lips command at her.

“We have dinner back there—“

—“you think Mom wants us there, she wants some alone-time with your Dad—“

—“Stop, that’s fucking gross.. they wouldn’t even consider..”

She canines her right corner lip, pulling it, while her crossing her right thigh over, twisting her hips tighter around her hand: it nearly disappears as a result.

“So.. your not going to watch me..?”, being coy.

“No. I’m going back—“

—“I guess, I’m just gonna have to stand here.. are you gonna make me wait..”

My lips part again and eyes stare bewildered.

Wait for what.. my retarded mind searched.

“Hmph”.. another cute sigh departing her pursed lips, she starts picking at them with her teeth. Leaning against the door-sill, the fingers of her left palms start tapping against it.

What the fu—what have I gotten myself into..?

“Hey, listen! Stop—“, my lowered voice demands as I approach the twisted girl at the threshold, but she interjects as she gets a good look under the bathroom light.

She giggles: “Am I gonna make you cum, again, any moment now..? I’ve hardly done a thing..”, slowly dragging her eyes from my face to my other face, then back. She untwists and thrusts her torso at me, into my personal space, and I fearfully renege back, slamming by palms and back into the corridor wall behind me.

“Guys?!.. are you okay down there?”

“Yes, yes, yeah!.. j-just slipped a little!”

“Okay!..”

I fucking slipped hard, when I exposed it to her accidentally.

“You might as well..”, her speech trailed and she slowly walked backwards, approaching the toilet at her back left, diagonal to her back knee.

“Ugh”, she groans as she glanced below. Drawing our attention to her distended belly, cradling it between the palms of her hands.

“It’s so swollen—I’m so swollen.. I don’t think I can actually unbutton myself.. I think it might just be.. s-stuck”, she sarcastically teases, stammering and wincing at the last word..

What the fu—uck is she going on about..? Stuck? Wha—she could just easily.. unhinge the button..?

“I swear.. if you’re gonna do that weird shit in my bathroom—“

—“What, are you gonna punish me..?”

Woah! What in the worl—

I’m physically stunned, but the pulsating pressure continues. In fact, there’s so little room below I’m bent over across my right thigh.

“What are you gonna do to me, if I do—I bet you won’t.”

This is such a wild ride of sensations for me: I don’t know whether to be annoyed, angered, or seduced! But the warmth below is screaming to be an enchanted snake.

Lost in a swirl of emotions, my sight blurs as does she, and my periphery enters a tunnel—

“Hmph! Ugh, there’s so much pressure!..”, her low voice risking getting caught, purposefully refusing to whisper.

Her feigned bemoaning pulling me out of my darkness.

“Stop!”, I try to whisper are much as possible.

“Mmm”, she winces and shakes, “I don’t think I can—“

She suddenly gasps and gaps her mouth, glancing down at her thighs, pausing frozen without so much as a gulp of breath..

The gap between her upper thighs twinkles a brief pin-drop glint of dark-blue, quickly spreading the whole breadth of her area!

“UH, No-Noo!..”, she bemoans at her crotch.

Without a forethought, I rush into the bathroom and lock the door behind me, lest my Dad heard what she just moaned into the corridor.

My back remained to her as I reflecting over my predicament until I heard the the flooring pattering below me. Swiftly twirling around, I stand only a few inches apart of her glistening dark jeans, utterly speechless—

—“I-I’m sorry, no really, I-I.. didn’t mean to actually..”, her voice takes a completely different tone with me now, quite jarring and suddenly different now that I fixate into her.

She’s serious.

“I-I.. was only teasing at first—thinking only a small dribble to.. but I tried stopping it-t-t..”, she stammers, her voice starting to whimper and hiccup.

“I-I.. w-was only t-teasing..”, she admits defeat as the her balloon uncontrollably deflates into her jeans.

The pattering was now strong, an unmitigated and constant rainstorm battering of the windows. She was in a state of flux: relishing in relief and anxious beyond compare.

And all I could do is watch her quivering and urinating into those same jeans, beside the toilet and onto my bathroom floor..

*003*2023-05-09 02:14

In the Piss of It

@@Jay’s red-golden hair fell over her face as she stooped her head for a better sight at the damage: the front between her hips was ravaged by luminosity, her yellow bursting thick and ballooned beneath that on the surface her shine forced out a shimmering silhouette film of liquid, a scattered and glistened gleam of bathroom light, wavy in manner across the whole front rise, as her gap filled and seeped through the steamy fabric. She springs her hair behind her ears and slightly gaps her thighs. They tremble as they spread, though hardly opened, her humiliation began to softly hiss into her glowing crotch, now given leg-room to spray delightfully. It quickly streaks lines of darkness down both inseams, and though her thighs ever so slightly parted, a yellow-glinted waterfall took shape and cascaded in between. She closes the gap, ripping the waterfall, and shifted her stature (leaning more weight on her right leg), and being so near to her, I could hear the slush of her liquid hastily rushing past and against itself, displaced by her shutting thighs, squeezing past the thinly narrow spaces between her tender skin and saturated fabric; squelching, mixed with burbles and brief garbled hisses as the fabric shifted between her hips, as her thighs occasionally trembled from loss of control.

At first the floor was loudly spattering, but it had dulled a bit as her jeans became fully acquainted with its drench. Now her pee elegantly massaged its way across her legs and giving strings of rivulets to her inner ankles and tarsals. The yellow color of her urine visibly contrasted to her lighter ankles and grossly stained her low-ankle white socks into a yellowish-pink. They shined a noisy color, the tiny dots of fabric on its surface visibly wet, and the gaps between her left toes apparent. The cute rivulets wound around her ankles and gently kissed the puddle engulfing her, it softly burbling like a newly formed brook slapping its waters against the black pebbles partially submerged.

In a word, a shiny darkness exploded across the front of her legs like a flower blossoming, the source of the liquid expanding its reaches as it’s petals expanding outwards and curving back around, the left and right petals of piss striding the creases to each hip, and forming icicles from each branch across the dry front of her thighs.

For some reason unknown to me, it floored me under my pants, so much so that if she were glance over to me for a moment, she’d find my head subtly pulsating through. I was so hard it could quite possibly start to hurt, because I refused to indulge it, exasperating it, screaming beneath my briefs to be acknowledged yet I refused.

Though I was in awe, I couldn’t help feel frustrated—in fact, it was sort of fighting my myself: “touch her or scold her?” Fuck, I so badly wanted to just put my hand there and make her squelch more—make the exiting liquid slush and burble as the pressure of hand displaced the hot rushing flow—but I don’t know her, nor feel comfortable enough to get that personal; but she also was ruining the bathroom floor. But it was hot, but it was gross, but it was a good-gross—like something she should not do because it’s taboo—but, fuck!, was it hot to be taboo, to be naughty, and just forget the stigma altogether!

Saying I was torn is an understatement.

I wanted to explode on her, in both senses. My mind telling me to have her now and berate her later, but that was wrong. So indecisive, I just stood there hard as stone, watching the liquid come right out of her..

“Ugh.. fu-huh.. huh.. huh-ck, huh-ck.. huhhh, huhhhhh.. phewww..”, huffing and puffing her speech, her breathing then beginning to slow and slow.

“Uhhh.. thatjustfeelssooo.. g-good”, she slurred.

It’s as if she’s reach the finish line and began catching her breath back whilst trying to speak.

“Yes.. fuck, that’s about right..”, I utter devoid of emotion.

“What the fuck is going to happen next..?”, uncertainty in my voice, as I glance up to her eyes.

She looks up at me: droopy-eyed, lock-jawed, neck twitching, torso quivering—she was lost in her urination, it looked as though she had just cum in her pants before me: what’s done is done and seen is seen, she had no shame to whimper, nor worry to fret over; she just wanted to savor and bask in the hot flood slipping down her fair thighs, appreciating the rivulets twisting and turning around her knees, and urinating over her calves.

It was not soon that each pant-leg from the knees down was dark round the whole circumference, her shining pressing out the dark saturated jeans at the inseams, the streaming diverging at the inside of her knees: one continuing down her inner calves while the other glistening her shins just below the kneecap. Occasionally, her hamstrings twitched and knee jerked as ecstasy smothered the surface of her crotch and inner thighs.

Seeing her lost on her high was unnerving, having evaporated away all of my frustration, and what’s left of its heat coursing through my veins rushed on down below—I could cum any moment now at the slightest touch.

“Fuck, you’re gonna make me—stop making that face..”, I tried snapping out of my stupor, and perhaps her as well.

“D-damn-huh.. huh.. y-your so s-sensitive—uuuuuhh..“, her throat interrupted by a heaving moan.

Gosh, she really knows how to push buttons. I could not deny her, I wish she were wrong.

“This is a d-disaster—we have t-to go back to the d-dinner table..”, I struggle to remind, trying to bring myself back to reality, that perhaps my pressure would disappear and not ruin me.

“It’s okay, we’ll figure something ou—“

—“We?!”

“Wha—you’re just gonna leave me here all pissy..? That would be humiliating.. that would.. actually be kinda hot—fuck, you’re making me horny..”

“What the fuck is wrong you..”, trying my worst to stop her, but it’s like her shame-meter is out-of-order!

“Yes, there’s something wrong with me.. look, you can’t imagine just how good it feels to just let go without a care in the world.. when you unclench, waiting impatiently for the head of the desperate stream to squirt out unrelenting, and drown the whole length of me with a pool of hotness. It’s such a rush between my legs..”

“I should walk right out this bathroom and whimper back to the dinner table: dribbling in my pissy pants, humiliated and embarrassed. Sure, the anxiety would be surreal, but ravishing myself in retrospect would be so unworldly I’d likely swoon myself in bed.. or maybe you’d—nah, you wouldn’t..”

“Wouldn’t what..?—”, she bringing my attention back to her.

—“Wow! You’re so fucking turned on, aren’t you?”

I tried to hide it, though the solidity has been unrelenting and rigid in front of her the whole time; but there’s no use, especially since she is maxed out on shame.

“Ahhh.. fuck! That felt so goood! See, now that you’re invited, welcome to the club!”

...

“C-club..?”, flabbergasted.

“Sure, you now know my secret—if you thought I had an accident last time, you sure know now that I do it on purpose!”

“But why..? The toilet is literally right here—like there”, I beckon with my right hand, “just peel your jeans away and pee in the bowl!”

“So, you’re not in the club..?”, her voice subtly saddens.

“What the fuck are you even, like, talking about?!”, anger hinting out of my confusion.

“Oh..”, her eyes bat away, as if now she’s decided to feel vulnerable and embarrassed.

“I-I.. thought.. that you.., and in your pants.., to me when I was.. you know..?”, stammering, as if she’s just been possessed by shyness.

“You think I got a kick out of the pee.. no!”, I try my best to pretend—look, I don’t even know at this point: all I know is watching her play with herself got me, she just happened to be wetting herself.. but then again it didn’t revolt me.. maybe I was just so intoxicated by her figure..?

“Shit.. I’m sorry, I-I completely misunderstood everything—I’ll help you clean this up, got any towels laying around?”, her mood once again taking a complete shift: it’s like she was bipolar.. or something..?

“Yeah, they’re outside in the closet—“, my body opening the bathroom door.

—“Jason..?! Jay—Are y—oh my.. the floor.. W-What the fuck—“

—“Dad, please, wait—I can explain!..”

Edited May 9, 2023 by HissGenerator (see edit history)

*004*2023-05-12 01:19

Too Good to be True

“Jason, what the fuck are you doing in the bathroom with her—this completely inappropriate!”, my dad berating my face.

“Dad, I was—I.. just.. Jay—“

—“Jay, a-are you o-okay, I’m so sorry this happened.. oh my..”, Dad’s red face growing red with second-hand embarrassment.

“Oh, honey—noo.. not again—I’m taking you to a doctor: you’ve been having these accidents now one too many”, her Mom having followed Dad’s irate voice down the corridor, stumbling upon a soaked Jay.

“Ugh—Mom!?”, Jay’s reddening face shouted, her tone confused and questioning.

“D-dad, I was just.. helping her to find the way and.. and..”

Fuck, I can’t come up with anything at the moment to throw in the face of this predicament..

“..and the button was stuck, Mr. Wellis. I tried to undo it myself but I couldn’t, so Jason offered to help.. b-but.. i-it was too late.. it took too long, sir..”, her eyes cast by the wayside and she bites her corner lips shyly with embarrassment.

Somehow in the thick of the situation, her Mom and my Dad did not notice the bulge sitting in my pants. I subtly quickly turned to Jay and readjusted, such that I could effectively hide it, but Jay fully witnessed my shifting it elsewhere, glancing down while her body stood frozen and covered in her cooling piss.

“I’m sorry, Mr. Wellis, for the bathroom—I’ll.. I-I’ll.. o-offer to clean it up—“

—“No, no!.. hearing from your mother, none of this is your fault.. I’ll have Jason do it—“

—“But!—“

—“But what..? Jason please clean this up, but before you do, just step out and away over here for a moment!”, Dad commanded, though as if he was trying to suppress irritation.

“What the fuck are you doing—giving her a helping-hand: we’re supposed to have dinner and get to know each other better. This is not exactly what I had in mind! Clean this mess and head to bed.. perhaps I can smooth things over.. a bit.. considering..”, and he beckons his right arm to the corridor.

“Dad, but Jay said—“

—“No, just stop; she said what she said and that’s fine; what’s done is done. Clean it up.”

Wow, that interaction literally made no sense whatsoever. But, sure, I’ll clean up the piss.. her piss.

“Mom, let’s just go home—“

—“Now listen here: we’re here to make a good impression—your Dad—“

—“He’s not my Dad”, Jay interjects—

—“Your Dad..”, her mom reemphasizes further, “..and I are married and we’re..”, emphasizing again, “..gonna be a family; so start acting like it! This isn’t exactly acting like it!”

“I’m sorry, Mom, let me just ask my bladder permission to stop peeing in my knickers!”, Jay hits back with irritated sarcasm.

“Sweetie, we need to get you a doctor—you’re 22, 22!, and still having these accidents..”, her mom voices fades into unintelligible whisper as I try to overhear while Dad continues.

Wow, Jay has accidents.. that’s embarrassing.. but she sure does play them off as intentional, like she enjoys purposely letting it out into her pants—but maybe it’s accidental and she enjoys the accident..? Ugh, I don’t even know..

“Mom, let’s just go home..”, Jay’s tried voice gives in.

Overhearing, Dad rushes to them:

“Wait, no, it’s fine, stay..”

“..n-no, we need to get home”, her mother responds.

“No, no, it’s fine. Jason has a spare of pajamas she can fit”, Dad reassures; “right, son”, he mutters under his breath with THE stare.

“Dear, no, no.. it’s okay, I think it’s best if we just go—“

—“No! No! I insist, I want to spend more time together, and I think this would be better for us to be together more.. though somewhat embarrassing, but still an experience of getting through a tough time.. together..”, Dad rationalizes.

“Well.. ugh.. I-I.. don’t know—where would we sleep?”

“You can sleep with.. me..?”, Dad posits, his voice almost taking a seductive turn at the last word—but, yep, his eyes definitely were thinking it.

Ugh, and now her Mom’s brows sightly rose with curiosity—ugh.. such is my life..

Jay looks at me perplexed, then purses her lips, twiddling with her fingers, whose hands held clasped over the massive dark stain painted across the whole front of her legs; there was a slight grin twitching out her left lip-corner, almost like she was trying to hide the idea that she wanted to stay.

Fuck, her thighs must be freezing by now as Dad and Kathy thought to have their way with each other, with a sleep over at the Wellis’, as Jay’s cold soles stood in the puddle of her own making.

“Ok.”, her mom said.

“Ok, great!”, Dad exclaimed, then rushed me.

“Jason, get Jay a pair of your pajamas and clean this up, please.”

“And Jay..?”

“What do you mean?”

“What will she do?”

“Hmm.. for now.. just stand in the bathtub while he cleans up—actually, Jason, before you start, hand over her shower needs and clothes and whatnot.”

“Yes, master..”, I mutter, grumbling.

Dad just eyes me.

“In the meantime, I’ll be finishing dinner with your mother”, Dad ends, and turns back around the corner into the dining room.

I just look at her, annoyed and speechless, to which she bursts out giggling, hand over face trying to hide it.. but really..? No.

“A 22-year old that has accidents: laugh all you want, but you’re the real laughing-stock..”, unrelenting with petty.

She giggles even harder now and I shake my head in response, only getting more annoyed that I didn’t annoy her.

“So weird, so strange—“

—her snickering now blatantly interrupting..

“Don’t make me laugh too hard, or I’ll leak a little and add to your troubles..”, she promises with more coy.

I glare at her, clasping my hands before her, only a bent-knee away from pleading her not to.

“While you’re doing that.. I think I’ll take my shower now..”, she responds with feigned entitlement.

“Are you serious, I’ve hardly begun—“

—“Exactly, it’s going to take forever, so let’s hit two birds with one stone, huh..?”

“You’re not embarrassed that I’m only a curtain away from your naked body..?”

Her eyes smile at me: of course she’s not, she just fucking pissed right in front of me, glanced at my hard-on multiple times, admitted that she was essentially turned-on, need I go on to prove myself otherwise?

She turns to the shower head and renders the release to hot. The hot water squirts right onto her red chest.

“Holy fuck..”, but the showering too loud for her to hear me.

She starts showering in her clothes, the hot water soaking her shirt into clinging dark red, the front turning translucent, contrasting her B-size black bra and her fair torso. Her red-golden hair slowly starting to almost turn orange. She starts smearing the waters all over, as if really trying to get it spread everywhere across her torso as fast as possible. She starts to caress herself, grabbing her breasts and softly moaning beneath the shower head.

Fuck, I can’t even.. c-clean this up! All I want to do is watch her.. and slowly but surely that pressure reinvigorated, choking underneath the fabric.

Soon the front of her shirt was much longer, as it absorbed a fair amount of hot water and dangled over the front of her jeans, whose frontal soaking stain re-darkens under the shower head, albeit with actual water this time around.

“Ugh, fuck.. the hot water on my cold thighs is incomparable..”, she continues softly moaning thereafter, as she follows the curves of her legs, canvassing all the crevices and creases in between.

No fucking shame, this girl: she just does it right in front of me, right after our parents were just here a moment ago..

Her slithering hands continue all over herself, disappearing between her upper thighs at the front, then wrapping around her hips to the back, sliding her right-hand fingers from the base of her back and disappearing downward into her butt. She tugs on herself upwards, which forces her jaw wide and her eyelids shut; it makes her back arch and shoulders jerk, lolling her head and the shower head directly squirting on her moaning face.

She turns to me, finding my poor self stunned on his knees, kneeling in her piss in awe, his pants overstuffed and molding the almost painfully throbbing shape back.

She looks at me giggling and biting her bottom lips when her eyes shift down below. I was looking up at her, the bathroom light partially gleaming off her dark red shirt, her cleavage molded beneath and its fair skin half visible, supported by a black wrap-around and below her supple waist partially seen through.

Fuck, it was gorgeous—s-she.. was gorgeous..

I just could not let go of my stare..

“Fuck, this is so hot..”, her voice barely makable in the midst of the showering water yet I remain in awe unfazed. The throbbing is now unbearable. I can’t help but push it into myself, forcing my eyelids shut and my head quivering as the pleasure irradiates outwards from the hard source.

“I know right, the water, right..?”, not even understanding what I’m meant to be saying to her.

Her eyes shift back up to my own and starts eating her left corner-lip, then shifts back to the burden in my pants.

“Fuck, it’s so hot that you’re kneeling in my pee..”, she quickly squeezes her breasts at the sight and bites her lips harder.

“C-could you.. l-like.. sit all the way..?”, she hesitates but takes the risk.

“Hmm.. wha—oh.. l-like.. on my butt..?”, she readily affirms with her head.

I pause for a moment, unsure whether I should follow through in her request.. this is.. all.. just a bit.. out of my depth..

She catches my hesitation, quickly responding by lifting the water-stretched front of her dangling shirt and placing her head through the head-sleeve so that front is now sprung behind and on her neck, forming an inverted triangle pointing to and revealing her soaked bra, and squeezing her breasts further as her shirt clings to her torso tighter. Perhaps she thought I wanted a quid pro quo.. but getting a better vision on her breasts was enough for me start moving—and it quickly turned into a little mind-reading game..

Sitting on my knees and calves, I gapped my thighs, further elucidating the rigid pencil underneath the pants fabric, resting on my upper right thigh, and slowly slid my back thighs down past in between my inner calves, until the back-thigh fabric of my shorts touched her moderately yellow piss puddle on the floor. I slowly sat at an incline, my inner thighs closest to my knees embracing a warm absorption first, the lukewarm feeling slowly traveling upwards towards the narrowness between my inner thighs and crotch.

Her eyes grew wide and dilated, her lips parting at the sight. She rewards me with a moaning-induced squeezing of her breasts, its cleavage tantalizingly more obvious and clear to my liking. Her hands massage them some more while her face seductively relaxed with pleasure. Soon the lukewarm became cold, now feeling cool wetness inside my butt and on my back thighs and calves.

After molesting her torso for me, though it wasn’t explicitly asked for, she glided her left hand down and across the breadth of her waist, dipping the tip of her middle finger below the button of her jeans, to which I quickly stared at, then shift my eyes to her greens and shook my head no. Her eyebrows lifted then scrunched and head tilted to the right.

“Are you afraid..?”, she asked perplexed?

I shook my head.

She paused for a moment and dipped her fingers a little more deeper—

—“Stop!”, I voiced, my extended arm also beckoning to her.

“What’s wrong..?”, she asked confused.

“What do you mean: ‘what’s wrong’..? This! All of this! We can’t be doing this..!”

Gosh, you wouldn’t believe how much my body was screaming for my mind to shut the fuck up, and let her continue; let her fingers sink and slip into herself, her hand disappearing behind and relish in the imminent squelching.. but suddenly the moral compass took the reins.

“I can’t do this—I can’t watch you do this.. it’s too weird for me..”, I shake my head, starting to get up, her drops of pee dripping off my pants, some starting to tinkle from my rear, down my back thighs and tickling my back knees.

“Jason, you already came to me.. we’re past the point, might as well.. just..”, she trails with ellipsis, expecting me to agree.

I shake my head no, head slightly down and eyes humbled in shame.

“You’re no doubt beautiful, stunning, but I can’t—the coming: that really was by accident, I didn’t have control over it.. like.. your face singing ecstasy while your fingers squelched under your pants was so fucking hot, but it was also unexpected and that through me off completely.. but now I know where this is headed, and can’t go through with it.. I can’t..”

I got up and glanced at the damage to the back of my pants. Fuck, I’m going to have to hide this.. actually, I’ll just say I slipped or something..

“Wow, so you made me do all that for nothing..?”, the bitterness clearly shown out of her voice, almost drowned out from the waters, but her face corroborates.

“I didn’t make you do anything—you just miscalculated..”

“Take your shower—lemme close this—and I’ll clean this up, shower in the other bathroom and head to bed..”

She stood there speechless and stunned, having been rejected in the midst of apparent acceptance. She slowly turned back to the shower head and unclothed herself whilst I cleaned up the mess, the silence between us almost unbearable, but it was necessary.

She finished her shower just as I cleaned everything up..

“Can you get out.. so I can step out..?”, she requests low-voiced, upset strewn about her face.

“Yeah.. hey, look, we’re supposed to be siblings.. and siblings don’t this kind of thing..”

But she didn’t say anything nor looked at me.

I stepped out and closed the door the behind me, and if my body could speak it would tell me that I was a fuckin’ idiot and made all of this weird when it wasn’t..

It is what it is.. I guess..

I just need to sleep this off..

