New Plastic Pants and a Walk in the Woods

Author: Hybrid_1

*000*2024-05-20 08:37

After a hard day's work Sally was glad to get home, with the weekend ahead she was keen for some relaxation.

As the key opened the door her mood instantly improved when she saw the parcel on the mat.

Opening it carefully she saw the new plastic pants she had ordered, letting her fingers run over the smooth soft material she had visions of what she would be doing soon.

The next morning she decided to go for a walk in the secluded woods near her house.

After putting on a diaper she pulled the new plastic pants from the drawer, again feeling the soft material, but also taking in the smell.

Pulling them on, feeling the plastic slide up her legs gave her a thrill.

Putting on the summer dress finished the outfit nicely.

Soon she was in the woods enjoying the sunshine coming in through the trees.

It wasn't long before the urge to pee took over, so leaning on the nearest tree she let it out. A trickle at first, but it soon became a flood.

The plastic pants did their job, not a leak in sight. She set off again feeling the damp warmth of her diaper hugging her.

Soon she felt the urge again, and flooded the already damp diaper. This time however there was a small leak, the pee tricking down the outside of her leg.

This didn't stop her, so she carried on, until the third urge hit her.

She stopped, took down the plastic pants and removed the diaper, rolling it up and putting it in her bag.

Pulling up the plastic pants she set off until she could not hold it in amy longer.

Flooding the pants, with no diaper in place it filled them and began leaking everywhere.

Walking on she felt it sloshing around, what was left in there anyway, the warmth of the pee and the rubbing of the plastic on her skin.

Pulling the pants to one side she emptied them out completely.

The wet pants clung the her skin and made her tremble.

Moving her hand down to the plastic she began to rub them, slowly at first but faster until again her plastic pants were filled.

The walk back to the car was short, but she had a big smile on her face.

