City festival

Author: huberp76

*000*2022-07-03 21:10

Two boys wanted to go to a city festival to a down about 2 hours away per car from their home.

One girl from their class asked if she could go with them. The boys agreed, because the girl was pretty and they thought that it could be a fun to spend all day long with that girl.

Both of the boys had the same special fetish, they gets totally turned on from girls who needed to wee but can not go and a city festival will be a good opportunity to see girls desperate to pee.

They did pick up the girl in the morning and went to that festival.

There was lot of music all around, a lot opportunities to buy something to eat and something to drink, but there were no loos, not even Porta Potties.

A little after noon and after some drinks, the boys did take a piss behind some bushes in a little park on the side of the road.

Some girls did the same, they did squad with their panties down at their knees and took a much needed wee.

The boys did love to see how the piss was jetting out with high pressure, between their bare thighs.

Our girl did not go, but she watched the boys coming out from the bushes and the boys on the other side thought that her bladder must be full as well.

They wanted to tease her and so one of the boys said “ it not easy to be a girl.”

The girl smiled and said “ sometimes it is getting very hard.”

They did listen music from some different bands and they did drink some different drinks.

The girl did not wee since she left her home early in the morning.

The boys did like that and they did like to imagine how full her bladder must have been and how bad she must have needed to wee after holding it for so long, so more as the boys had to pee again.

At the evening they went back to the car and as soon as they were out of the down at the country road, they stopped and the boys piss full force.

The girl was waiting in the car and as they came back, they wanted to tease the girl again and more, so said one of them „oh my gosh, that was more than necessary, my bladder was so full, i thought it will burst.“

“ I am needing to pee since hours, i was near to piss my shorts.“ said the other boy.

The boys pissed a second time and the girl not even once, she must be full to burst, though both.

„That is really, really not fair!“ said the girl.

„Why? Would you need to go too?“ asked one of the boys a little bit with sarcasm.

„What do you think, do you think girls don’t need to wee, do you think girls can hold it forever? I was needing to go as well as you went behind the bushes and i am still holding it.“ answered the girl.

“We have noticed that you girls can sometimes hold your pee back for long periods and we admire you for your good bladder control.“said one of the boys.

“Stop now to talk about pee and pee holding. My bladder is full to explode and it is torture for me to hold it and to talk about it.“ said the girl.

The boys were so horny from that situation, they wanted more, they wanted to hear how bad she was needing to wee, they wanted to hear that her urge is painful and that her bladder hurts from needing to go so bad and so one of them asked „how long do you think that you can hold it if you have to?“

“I don’t know, it is really painful to hold it back for so long, but can we please talk something other.“ said the girl.

They did already drive a half an hour to that time and they had to go for about 90 minutes more.

“ What would happen if you would not go to the loo before sleeping, would you wee your bed, or would you be able to hold it until the morning?“ wanted one of the boys know.

The boys did not stop to ask the poor girl about her full bladder and her need to wee.

What more should they ask her, what should they make with her?

*002*2022-07-04 19:27

{{20 hours ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Sounds like this should really be posted in the "Interactive" section.

}}

Why do you think that i should have posted it in „interactive „?

*004*2022-07-04 21:01

{{4 minutes ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Well at the end of the story you were asking users what should happen next and if want viewers to decide what happens next you should really post this in the interactive section with multiple choices.

}}

You are right, i should have done it.

Thank you for your tip.

*005*2022-07-05 21:28

Part 2

The boys did buy a large drink for all of them. They did know that they would stop as soon as possible for a urgently piss and they did know that they would not give the girl a chance to do the same.

30 minutes later, after their talk about pee and pee holding, the girl said „i can‘t bear that much longer.“

“What can you not bear, what do you have to bear?“ asked one of the boys like unknown , but did exactly know what she did mean.

“I need to wee so bad, you can’t even imagine how bad i need to go. My bladder is hard and big as a pumpkin and it hurts like hell.“

„ We really can’t imagine how bad you would need to wee, but you can tell us how bad it is.“ said one of the boys. They could not get enough to hear about her unbearable urge and about how full and overfilled her bladder is.

“ You two can’t imagine that i am needing to wee so bad? Did you forget that i did drink one drink after the other all day long and that i have not been at the toilet all day long, not even once, i have not weed since 14 hours.“she said a little bit angry for having no sympathy for her and for her situation.

“But you are a girl and i thought that girls can always hold it for long periods of time if they have to.“ the other boy said, with sarcasm just to tease her.

“Please stop to say such silly things, girls have a bladder and girls need to pee when their bladder gets full, but sometimes we don’t get a opportunity to do it. That does not mean that we would not need it and that we don’t feel a urge, but sometimes we have to torture our bladder for hours until we can finally take somewhere a much needed wee.“said the girl.

Another 30 minutes later the girl said „I can’t anymore, please stop and let me pee beside the car, I MUST piss now, i can’t endure that any longer.“

“Okay, we stop for you, but just if you let us watch you peeing .“ said the driver.

“You dirty, naughty boys, I’ll never let you watch me pee and l‘ll never show you my pussy!“answered the girl.

“Then you have to hold it!“ said the driver.

“I can no more .“ she said.

„ It’s up to you, you can choose, we like to see you wee and we like to see you hold as well. Did you wee already your little panties, or are they still dry?“ asked one of the boys.

15 minutes later the girl was frantic to pee, she was begging to stop because she was near to wet herself, she was near to wee on the seat from the car. She would do it beside the car and she would let them watch, she only wants to wee the pain from her bladder away.

The driver told her that it would now be to late for her, she had lost her chance, because they are already in the city and he can’t stop no more anywhere, where she could wee beside the car.

The girl crossed her legs, she was bending over and she did hold it back with all her power, until they were at the parking lot, where they picked her up in the morning.

As soon as they stopped, the girl opened the door and squatted down, but before she could squatting and before she could pull her panties down, she started to pee.

She pushed the fabric from her panties between her thighs to the side and pissed for ever with high pressure.

The boys could watch her pissing and they could see the girls pussy.

They could not believe how much the girl was pissing and they could not imagine that she was able to hold all that urine inside her.

How bad and how painful must she had to pee? She must have been full to burst and her bladder must have been stretched to the size of a melon, after holding it back for so long. Her girl pussy must have been squeezed hard together to be able to hold so much liquid in her.

That was it what the boys thought as they lay in their bed at night.

*007*2022-07-25 20:19

{{On 7/18/2022 at 10:55 AM, HoldingPrinces said:

Good story. Keep it up

}}

Thank you, i am glad you like it!!

