I made a girl hold it all day long - Page 4

Author: huberp76

*060*2019-05-04 12:46

{{On 4/21/2019 at 2:04 AM, daisyduke said:

Ohh poor Renate, her bladder must be bursting now. Im really curious how she will endure it that poor girl. but her bladder is strong and even if she wanted with the finger on her pee hole she cant let it got.

I wonder what she will do

But she can only pee when you allow it!

}}

Poor Renate is needing to pee so bad, her bladder is about to burst, from all the wee that she is holding in for so long. She is begging to let her go, because she is afraid that her bladder could burst if she does not let it out, but I won’t let her.

My hand is between her thighs, her naked, smooth thighs are crossed over my hand and pressed hard together, my finger in her slit is at her pee hole, so that not a single drop can get out.

With my other hand I feel how hard her swollen bladder has got, I press soft on it and she is moaning, from needing to pee so bad, but I think she can endure more?

No wee for Renate, she is a big girl and big girls can hold more than they think.

*062*2019-05-11 09:29

{{On 4/16/2019 at 6:09 AM, wether said:

I think it can be ONLY your finger. She may not not touch herself there.

There are few options: you can tell her to pee in a bottle or so, or you can tell her to pee in something smaller (100 ml or so) and she will have to pause each time she fills it. And during the pause, she must drink twice as much as she peed.

}}

That would be really hot, did you ever do that with a girl?

Make her hold until she really, really can’t any longer, than let her pee just 100ml, force her to stop.

It will be nearly impossible for her, with her bladder full to burst and so much pressure inside, but she has to.

Than, it is a part of the deal, she has to drink twice as much she peed.

She would do that, she would agree, because she is needing to wee so bad, there is no other way for her. Her poor bladder is stretched over it’s limit, she must let out some of the hug among pee, that she is holding in for so long and if it is just a little of all she is holding.

Her own body, her own bladder force her to do that.

We can repeat this game, but how long?

After a few times she „must „ burst.

Renate is so good at holding, how many times could she endure that?!

*064*2019-05-14 09:21

{{On 5/12/2019 at 6:57 AM, wether said:

In reality, no. But in a virtual world... sometimes I talk to a girl via forums or instant messengers and I tell her various orders. She must obey or she won't be allowed to pee....

}}

I agree totally with you, there is a great difference between reality and virtual.

Virtual you can do so much more with a girl and with her bladder, than in reality.

I think your way is a good way, to live this illusions with a girl via instant messenger and I think it is good to have imaginations and illusions.

*068*2019-05-20 19:13

{{On ‎5‎/‎5‎/‎2019 at 1:51 PM, Tsuchigumo550 said:

Her bladder is so round and full, she's been holding in all of her hot piss for so long, and still she is not allowed a single drop of relief! Her bladder gets bigger and bigger with every passing hour, her massive bulge sticking out further, and still she obediently holds it all in even while pleading for release. It seems impossible for her to hold so much in her long-bursting bladder, she never stops filling up, she never gives in and lets go.

Eventually, she begs to know when you'll finally let her pee. How long can she go without relief? How much more could she possibly contain? Hours? Days? Worse?

}}

First of all, thank you for your answer.

I like what you write and i like how you write it. Your style is really turning me on.

"her bladder is round and full- she is holding in so much for so long- she is not allowed a single drop of relief- her bladder never stops filling- her bladder gets bigger and bigger- her massive bulge sticking out" all that is really great and arousing for me.

It is great for me too, that you make the girl aske, how much longer she must endure that bladder torture, that she aske how long she will be made to hold it in and when she finally would be allowed to wee.

Will she be able to contain her hot pee for so long she will be forced to hold it?

That is it what i always wanted to do, to "test" how long is a girl able not to go to a loo, how long can a girl endure not to pee, how long can a girl hold it in, how big can her bladder get, how much can her bladder stretch.

At Renates second visit, one year later at Easter holydays, i will do this "test" with her.

No wee for Renate, she is a big girl, she has to hold it!!!!!

*071*2019-05-22 14:59

{{On 5/17/2019 at 12:43 AM, Rinatro said:

I really enjoyed reading this one. But I think I would have preferred an alternative ending where she couldn't hold it and wet her pants

}}

I am glad that you enjoyed to read my story.

At Renates next visit, one year later,at her Easter holidays, I made her pee her panties twice, at only one day.

Dirty, naughty girl!!!

*074*2019-05-22 19:30

{{On ‎5‎/‎16‎/‎2019 at 10:52 PM, Redder12 said:

Can't wait for the next part of this one, I think she should be forced to drink a lot more and hold it longer than she did the last time she was with you, no matter how hard it gets she cannot leak until she is at a toilet with permission to use it.

}}

I am glad that you like my story.

Renate was always good in holding, but after she nearly weed her panties at her easter visit last year, she trained herself to hold it longer and longer.

I think that this training was good for her, because it is like you write, this time she is forced to hold it longer, much longer, than she did it at her first time.

No permission to wee for Renate, no mater how hard and how bad it get´s, i love to see, how she cross her legs and how she press her naked thighs together, she is a big girl, she can hold it, she has to hold it!!!

No much needed wee for poor Renate, her bladder can never be full enough for me!

*075*2019-05-22 20:13

{{4 hours ago, daisyduke said:

Wow!! I really want to read what happened at the eater holidays :3 poor Renate has to hold her full bladder hehe. make her bursting to pee

}}

Yes, i´ll make Renate bursting to pee and than i still don't let her go!

What do you think, what is she able to endure?

*077*2020-08-21 23:01

Part 9

One year later, Renate spendet again some days of her Easter holidays with my parents and me in our town.

She did arrive on Thursday evening.

I was curious how she would look and she looked great!

Very slim and athletic and i loved her slender, well toned legs.

On Friday, my parents were in our company and Renate and I, we had the whole day for us.

At 7 pm we had to be at home for dinner.

We wanted to go to a lunar park and did leave at about 9 am, after breakfast.

Nothing had changed, i still wanted to see her desperate to wee, i still wanted to make her hold and wait and i still wanted that her bladder in her slim, flat belly would be full to burst.

Nothing had changed about her outfit.

She did wear a pullover and a vest, because it was cold like the year before and she did wear a very short skirt and knee socks .

Her knees and her slim thighs were naked although it was cold.

I think she weeds at about 7 am, after she did get up in the morning.

I did try to avoid that she did wee again before we did leave and i was successful, she did not.

We had a snack and something to drink on a kiosk, a little bit after noon.

At 2 pm, we decided to leave the lunar park and go to the city.

Renate was sitting on a wall and i was standing in front of her.

Her nude knees were on the label of my head and just a few cm (inches) from face.

She did exactly see that i did look on her knees and then she started to open it slowly.

She did let me see her nude inner thighs up to her with cotton panties.

What did this girl do with me?

She did know it very well, she wanted to make me horny and she did it!

I wanted more of it and so i asked her “ can you remember last year, as you needed to wee so bad? You nearly did it in your panties?”

”Sure i can remember, but i did not just need to wee last year, I am needing to wee now too.”

”Honestly? but not bad or?” i wanted to know and i wanted that she would need to go really, really bad.

”For me it is bad enough, but don’t worry, i can hold it until home.” she answered.

She should not have said that, I did not wanted to hear that she can hold it, she should get punished for so much arrogance.

I wanted to hear that she can’t hold it anymore and that her bladder is full to burst,so i did take her to a kiosk to make her drink.

I did know that she did like coke and so i did buy the largest coke that i could get for her.

She had a full bladder in her belly, she was needing to wee, but she did drink it all!

I don’t know why she did it, did she not think, that all that liquid must come out of her, long before we would be at home.

I did permanent think about that and i was waiting for it!

We had 4 hours to get home, 4 long hours for Renate’s bladder!

(continue)

*078*2020-08-23 22:24

Part 10

To know that Renate was needing to wee, to know that her bladder was full, to see her nude knees and her nude, slim thighs in the cold air, was totally arousing for me.

I had the desire to touch her legs, to slide with my hand from her knees up to her panties .

I had the desire to lick with my tongue at the smooth skin of her inner thighs.

I wanted more from this situation, i wanted more from this girl!

So i started to talk.

I wanted to know how strong her need to wee was, i wanted to know how full her bladder was, i wanted to talk about her panties and maybe about that, what she was hiding under her panties.

“Are you sure that you can hold it until we are at home? That will be 4 hours!” i asked her.

”Sure, i am sure! I am needing to go pretty bad, but i am a big girl, i can hold it!” she answered.

”Why are you asking? I think you don’t worry about my bladder and about my need to wee, or?“she said.

”Oh no, absolutely not, you know, i love it if you girls have your bladders full, but I just wanted to tell you that there is a public toilet near here and i want that you can’t put the blame on me, if you do it in your panties” i replied.

”I can keep my panties dry i am able to hold it. I told you that i am a big girl!” she said again and smiled.

She told me that she had trained her bladder since last year and that she sometimes don’t go all day long without any problems.

”Than keep on holding!” i said and smiled back.

I think that she did know that i did love it.

A full bladder, a x large coke and 4 hours longer to wait, would be a challenge for her, i thought to myself.

About one hour later, we were standing at the traffic light, she crossed her legs and asked „ how far is it to the next toilet?“

„Oh no, there will be no loo for you, you are a big girl, you HAVE to hold it!!“ i answered .

“I am needing to wee so bad, i absolutely can’t wait 3 hours longer.“ she said.

“Cross your legs, squeeze your slit tight and hold it! You are a big girl and you are so sexy if you are so desperate.“ I said.

“Okay, I’ll do it.“she said and she did it!

Her desperation and to see her fight with all her power to keep her panties dry, made me total horny.

As soon as we arrived, she went to the loo.

I did listen a the door and i could hear how long and how powerful she pissed.

Her bladder must have been stretched to the size of a soccer ball and the pressure in her bladder must have been enormous.

I did know now that she was able drink a really great amount of liquids and to hold it for 12 hours.

If i wanted to make her absolutely desperate and if i wanted to fill her bladder over the limit, i had to find a way where she did not pee in the morning.

I did find the way, no morning pee for Renate!

(continue)

*080*2020-08-26 19:08

{{On 8/25/2020 at 8:17 PM, Rinatro said:

Happy to see this continuing! Let's see Renate hold out even longer (perhaps past her limit ;))

}}

I am glad that you like it.

Yes, Renate could hold it out longer.

*081*2020-08-26 22:03

Part 11

The next two days, Saturday and Sunday, we spendet with my parents.

That means, Renate had many chances to go to the toilet, to take a pee.

On Saturday, she did not use even one chance.

We made a day trip to a lake. We started, after breakfast at about 8 am. We had to go by car for two and half hours.

Renate weed after she did get up at 7 am and not a second time before we were leaving.

We had lunch at noon. Each of us went to the loo, except Renate.

I was the only one who did notice that she did not go.

It was a turn on for me. It was a feeling, like i did not allowed her to go.

After a long meal, we made a walk around the lake.

It was nearly 6pm, as we were back at our car.

There was a burger shop, where we did eat and drink before we did leave.

Renates last wee was nearly 12 hours ago. Her bladder must have been pretty full and i wished, that she could not go before we did leave.

I wished that she had to hold it for 2 or 3 hours longer, but my mother suddenly said „if someone is needing the loo he should go, because we don’t stop until we are at home.“

I was totally angry, why did she ask such a stupid question, we were not little children.

She did destroy the chance to get Renate in the car with her full bladder.

My parents were on the way to the bathroom .

Renate turned to me and whispered „you can imagine that i am needing to wee since hours?! Should i go, or should i hold it? What should i do?“

“You honestly ask me that?“ i answered with a trembling voice.

“I am needing to wee pretty bad! What should i do? she wanted know.

“Hold it!!!! You are a big girl. Hold it!!“ i said full aroused.

„Okay, i will hold it for you!“ she whispered.

I think that Renate did like the feeling of a full bladder, i think that she did like to be forced to hold it and to be made to wait and i think that she did like to make me horny this way.

I was so hard, i nearly could not hide it.

We were waiting at the car, as my parents came back from the loo.

Again my mother asked her stupid question „you don’t need to go? I told you we don’t stop until we are at home .“

“No we don’t need!“ answered Renate with her bladder overfilled and swollen.

All the coke was on the way to her full bladder and did stretch it more and more.

Her urge was already painful.

She had her skirt hard pushed to her crotch and she did show me her naked, slim thighs up to her panties.

Oh my god, was i horny, i wanted to touch her knees, her thighs and i wanted to feel her bulging bladder, i could see it bulging out, but i could not, my parents would have noticed that.

She had one hand pressed on her panties and sometimes in her panties,

“Is it that bad?“ i asked silence .

“Oh yes, it is!! It is nearly unbearable, it is so painful to hold it for so long. My bladder is full to explode!“ she said.

My mother turned around and asked „everything alright, with you?“

“Oh yes everything is very well,“ i answered.

Renate was needing to wee so bad and it was so difficult for her to hold it, because if she would have moved to much, my parents would have noticed it.

The only thing she could do, was to press her knees and her thighs, tight together and to push sometimes one finger on her peephole.

The last hour of our journey, I had my hand on her nude thigh and did caress it.

I could feel how she tensed her muscles to hold all the wee in.

On one hand i did feel sorry for her that she did suffer so much, on the other hand it was so arousing for me, that this pretty girl beside me was needing to wee so absolutely bad.

As we did arrive at home, it was so difficult for her to hide her need from my parents.

She had to cross her wonderful, slim legs, she could not even stand straight.

We did let my parents first in the house and we followed a little later.

Renate went straight to the loo and i was listening outside.

She pissed long, loud and with high pressure.

“Is your panty still dry?“ i asked as she came out.

“Sure it is!“ she said and lifted her short skirt, to let me see her panties.

„That was really a great Performance „ I said with administration.

“I told you, i am a big girl.“ she answered.

Now i did know that she can hold it 15 hours!

If i wanted to make Renate really, really desperate, i had to find a way that she could not take her morning pee.

I did calculate, if she would pee at 10.30pm, no morning pee and then not until evening 6.30 pm that would be 20 hours without to pee.

That would be absolutely impossible for Renate.

I had just one more day with Renate, before she was leaving, it was Monday.

No wee for Renate on Monday morning!

(continue)

“

*082*2020-08-29 10:55

Part 12

On Sunday, Renate had a day for to relax her bladder.

We spendet the day with my parents and she had opportunities for to wee more that she was needing.

She went to the loo four times. Morning- Noon- Afternoon and before she went to the bed, at about 10 pm.

I wanted, that this would have been her last pee for a long time.

I had to find a way where she did not take her morning pee.

I wanted to see how long she would be able to hold it, i wanted to see what the girls bladder could endure.

I did get up early in the morning, at Monday.

I have been quiet, because i wanted not to wake her up.

I was ready and dressed as i went to her bed, to wake her up.

I told her that we had to hurry up, because we had planned to make a city boat trip and the boat would leave at 9 am.

She was really quick and she was ready in a few minutes.

“Just a wee and then we can go.“ she said.

“No wee, no time for you to wee! We are late.

The trip will last 2 hours, you will have time enough to go on the boats toilet !“ i said and i was standing in the open door.

She hesitated first a little, but followed me.

Renates last pee was 10 hours ago, her bladder must have been pretty full, to the time where we were leaving and i did know very well that there would be no loo on this boat.

No wee for Renate, she had to hold it!

She did walk beside me, with her short skirt, her white knee socks and with her nude thighs.

I could not wait to see how she had to cross her slim legs to keep her panties dry.

*083*2020-08-31 20:43

Part 13

Sometimes later we did arrive at the boat station.

We went in the boat and did take place. Renate looked around and then she asked „where are the loos?“

“I don’t know, maybe there are not any.“ i answered.

„You did do this on purpose! First you did not let me go at home, you told me that i could go on the boat and now i can’t, because there is no loo.

You did know that very well, you are a sadist, you want to see me suffer! Is it that what you want?“ she said angry.

I told her that this is my first boat trip and that i really did not know that there would be no loo on board.

It was a lie, i did know it.

“But you are right, i like it that you would need to wee and that you hold it in.“ i answered.

“Sadist!!!“ she said again.

It was 11 hours, since she weed at last and it was arousing for me to think about that and to think about how full her bladder must have been after that long time.

Renate did not talk even one word about her need to wee.

She did hold it in silence, only then as we did get out of the boat after 2 hours, she said „first of all, i need a loo!“she said.

“Maybe that you would need one, but there is no one, i think you have to hold it!“ i answered.

It was noon, so we did take lunch, as usual at a kiosk.

Although she was needing to wee so bad, there was no loo for Renate!

She was standing with her slim legs tight crossed and said „I can’t anymore, i need to wee now!“

“There is no toilet, you have to hold it in!“ i said again.

“I did not wee since yesterday evening! What do you think how long i can hold it.“ she said angry.

“I don’t know how long you can hold it, but i would like to know it, show it me! „i replied.

More and more she had to stop, to cross her legs, she was needing to wee so bad after holding it for 17 hours.

She was rubbing her nude knees at every step she did.

I could see how swollen her belly was, i could see how much her poor bladder was bulging.

I did know now that she would not and could not be able to hold it for 4 hours longer until we would be at home.

Continue

*084*2020-09-02 21:05

Part 14

Since i can remember, i did get aroused when girls was needing to wee and could not go, when they got more and more desperate and still had to hold it.

I always wanted to know how long a girl can hold her pee, how long she can endure it not to wee.

I wanted to know how much she is able to hold in her bladder before she is wetting her panties.

I wanted to know how big her bladder could get and i wanted to see how her bladder is bulging out from her flat belly.

Now i had the chance and the opportunity!

Renate was needing to wee so bad, that she could not even stand straight.

She had to bend over and to cross her legs, to keep her panties dry.

She did moan from needing to pee so bad.

This slim girl was holding her wee since 18 hours.

Her urge was painful since hours and her bladder did hurt from being overfilled and overstretched.

I think that my cock was similar hard as Renates bladder.

This circumstances, that this pretty girl was frantic to pee, made me total horny, but i still had a bad conscience.

I did like Renate very much, i nearly loved her and still tortured her and made her suffer.

How could i do that?!

On the other hand, it did seem that she did like that too.

She reminds me that she did not wee since yesterday evening and smiled to me.

She was proud of her ability to hold it for so long and she was aroused from this situation too.

She did exactly know and she could see it at my bulging shorts, how horny she made me with her bladder full to explode and with her frantic need to wee.

She did obviously like it to make me and herself horny, with her desperation.

Continue
