Sailing boat Trip!

Author: huberp76

*000*2020-06-05 08:33

The father of one of my friends had a sailing boat. It was not a big boat, there was a small cabin, but no a toilet on board.

My friend was allowed to use his father’s boat and once he invited me and one of my girls, for a day trip on the lake.

The girl was not my girlfriend, she was a girl for to spend time and a girl for sex.

She had a great body and i did like her, but i was not in love with her.

My friend and his girlfriend made many boat rides together before, for me and my girl was it the first time.

It was spring time, the weather was warm, but the water was not warm enough for to swim.

We started early in the morning. The sun was shining, so we did take off our clothes and did wear just our speedos and the girls did wear little bikinis.

We had enough to drink and to eat on board.

After some hours, we boys went to the bow of the boat, to take a piss overboard.

No one of us asked, if the girls would need to wee too.

Girls are girls and girls have to hold it!!!

So should it be in the boys world, but at noon, “my “ girl whispered in my ear that she would need to pee.

I told her that this would be a problem, because there is no loo on board and i asked her if she could not hold it.

” Okay, i hold it! But until evening?” she said.

To know that she was needing to wee and that she could not go, maybe for hours, made me horny and i had a problem to hide my growing dick in my speedos.

No wee for the girls !!!

I thought to myself and i was curious what they will do, if they can’t go all day long.

(continued)

*003*2020-06-05 20:17

{{1 hour ago, Peter-P said:

Interesting story you started to write!

Normally boats make stops for the women to go pee at matching places like woods, camping, bushes or just far away from people.

But your story sounds good to let a girl show their abilities...

}}

Yes, you are right, normally boats stop somewhere to let the girls pee, but i think the best place for a girls wee, is her bladder!

No stop for the girls, they should show us their ability to hold a bursting full bladder.

Girls have to be able to hold it, because they are girls!

*004*2020-06-05 21:58

Part 2

One hour later, my friend and his girlfriend were in the cabin to make something to eat.

My girl used the chance to tell me that she would not know anymore what to do, because she is needing to wee so bad.

”You told me that you will hold it “ i answered.

”But i can’t endure that until evening.”she said worried.

At the same moment, was my friends girl coming up the stairs and asked “what can you not endure?”

My girl was a little bit frightened and did not know what she should say. She was to shy to admit that she was needing to wee and talked something other.

Only sometimes later she asked my friends girl “what are you doing if you need to pee?”

”I do nothing “ she answered short.

”What means nothing “ wanted my girl know.

“That is really easy . In the summer i go in the water to pee and on days like today, if it is to cold, i don’t go at all “ she did reply.

”You need to pee? she wanted to know.

”Yes, pretty bad “ answered my girl silently and shy, in front of two boys.

”I need to pee too, I am really full down there” she said and rubbed her visible swollen belly.

”Don’t worry, we were two big girls, we can hold it! Sailing is a good training for a girls bladder. I know that, i am good trained” she said.

Both girls were very slim, but their bellies were swollen, over their little bikini panties, from their overfilled bladders.

My speedos was bulging from to see the bulging girl bladders and from the knowing, that they were needing to wee.

My friend and I went for a second piss, he told me that his girlfriend is able to drink all day without a single pee.

What is about my girl?

(continued)

*007*2020-06-07 08:04

{{9 hours ago, peeople said:

The two girls bladder are not strong enough.

}}

One of the girls has a strong, good trained bladder.

What do you think will the other girl do?

There is nowhere to go for her, she has to hold it or do you think that she would wee in her little bikini panties?

*008*2020-06-07 08:17

{{2 hours ago, wether said:

I think they girl can sit on the edge of the boat with her butt naked so that the butt is outside of the boat, and then she can pee. If someone holds her, she will not fall into water.

}}

Do you think, one girl should hold it and the other should show us her naked butt and her pissing slit?

Sure she could pee overboard, but there are many boats on the lake, every one could see her.

She is a big girl, would she do that, or would she try to hold it for so long as any possible?

Good girls don’t pee!

But can she stand it not to wee until evening, can she endure to hold it for so much longer?

*010*2020-06-08 06:44

{{15 hours ago, peeople said:

She will cry before wet herself

}}

Did you ever see girls crying from needing to wee?

*012*2020-06-08 21:41

Part 3

Can you imagine to sit right in opposite of two pretty girls, with just a small bikini on their slim bodies, to see their naked bellies, swollen from their big, overfilled bladders, to know that they would need to wee pretty bad and that they can’t go for hours more, to know that they have to hold it, no matter how bad it ever gets?

For someone like me, who gets from nothing more aroused than from girls who are desperate to pee, but can’t go, was that nearly to much.

If course, they could have pissed overboard, like “wether”wrote, panties down, the naked putt outside of the boat and full force in the water.

To watch the girls and to see them piss from so near, would have been great too, but the big badderd and good trained girl from my friend, said that big girls must be able to hold their wee all day long, so my girl could not pee in front of all, over board.

She had to hold it, she was a big girl and i did love it that she could not wee and that she could not blames me for this situation.

After the girls “wee-talk “ we did not speak anymore about the girls bodily needs, but i did think about it and it was so hot to see their bladders growing and to know that they would need to go.

I did take two towels and I went with my girl to the bow of the boat to lay in the sun.

After about 2 hours, it was 4 pm, she told me that she was needing to wee so bad, that she would not know any more what to do.

I wanted to tease her and said “does my little girl need wee wee?”

She was a little bit angry and asked again what she should do.

“There is no other way for you than to hold it” i told her.

”You can say that so easily, you peed twice and you know how much you pissed each time , i could see it too and i am holding all that in my bladder.” she said reproachful.

I did love this dialogue, i wanted more of it and so i said that she should tell me how bad she would need to go and how much longer she think, that she would be able to hold her wee in.

She told me that she would need to wee really, really bad and that it would be painful to hold a full bladder for so long.

”I am really sorry for that!” I said.

”No you are not sorry, you like to see me suffer, i can see that in your eyes and in your speedos.

I did read once about boys who like it if girls need to wee so bad, but can’t go.”she said.

”Yes, you are right, i really love that, it is so hot and you are so sexy, if you need to wee so bad and if you hold your full bladder for so long “ i answered.

Now i nothing more to hide, i could torture her poor bladder a little bit.

She was lying on her back, i butted my thigh on her swollen belly and rubbed with my knee her bulging bladder, i pressed and pushed on it.

I was horny, like hell and she was aroused too.

After a while our friends called us and told us that they would have a drink for us.

”I can’t drink only one drop!” she said and i did know what she did mean and why she did mean it.

Our friends had already 4 full glasses long drinks and so we had no chance to refuse it.

They did drink some glasses before without us. The bladder from my friends girl was unbelievable bulging out, much more than the bladder from my girl.

Half an hour later she caressed her bladder bulge with her hand and said that she is about to burst and that it would be time to go back to the port.

She looked to my girls swollen bladder and said “ i think it will be time for you too!?”

”Oh yes i am needing it so bad, I did not know that i am able to hold it for so long.” she answered.

”Yes, I know that, many girls don’t know what they can endure.” she said.

My friend and i went for the third piss!

“ For safety he said, “it will last nearly two hours until we are there, the wind is light.

The girls was jealous and said “that is so unfair!!”

One hour later, was my girl at her limit. The long drink on her overfilled bladder was to much for her.

She had her legs knotted!

She had lost all shyness, she had her had in her panties and pressed one finger on her peephole.

That was the only way to keep her wee in her bursting full bladder.

Her belly was swollen and her bladder bulging and no one asked her if she would like to piss overboard.

Everyone though that she is a big girl and that she had to hold it, like big girls usually have to do it.

My friends girl was quite, she said only once “ my bladder feels, like it would explode every moment.”

The both groaned until we were there.

My girl went out from the boat, with one hand in her panties and one finger in her slit, pressed, tight on her peephole.

On the way to the car, i could see how some drops of wee were running down on the skin of her inner thighs.

Suddenly she stopped, pushed her panties down and pissed a hole in the ground.

She pissed with high pressure and a thick jet until there was a lake between her legs.

I did not know what a girl can hold so much pee inside her, but I loved it.

Back to our car’s, I did drive just at the corner of the parking lot and then i fucked, her pee wet girl slit, like crazy.

I could not get enough from her, all the car was smelling from her wee, from the wet panties, her wet thighs and her wet slit.

I was so horny, that I fucked her, just a little later, a second time.

My friends girl did not pee before they left, they had normally one hour until home, but to the girls bad luck was a accident on the motorway.

She had to hold it nearly 2 hours. She was frantic from needing to pee so bad.

How big and bulging must her bladder have been?!!

It was a boat trip to remember!

*016*2020-06-12 22:54

{{On 6/8/2020 at 9:26 PM, peeople said:

YES

Some asian girls shy to ask toilet break in car or in class they will cry .

}}

Did you ever sit with a girl in a car who was crying from needing wee so bad, but was to shy to ask for a stop?

*017*2020-06-22 21:23

{{On 6/9/2020 at 6:44 PM, Peter-P said:

A really fascinating story! I would have loved to be there and would have adored both girls...

}}

Thank you, I am glad you like my story.

Two bikini girls with swollen bellies and bulging bladders are total sexy.

