The travel companions !

Author: huberp76

*000*2020-06-14 07:24

It was early on a spring morning, at about 8.30 am.

I have been at the post office. On the way back to my car there was a little market place and there were two girls.

Although it was cool, the girls did wear short skirts and their legs have been naked.

I think after the long winter months the girls wanted to feel the sun and the cold air on the nude skin of their slim legs and they did like the feeling when the cool wind was blowing on their thighs up to their panties.

They looked both very sexy in their outfit and so much bare skin after all the winter time, was like a magnet for my eyes.

On of the girls was leaning on a house wall, she was standing just on one leg, the other leg was bending and nude until nearly up to her panties.

I could see that there was blood on her knee, she must have been stumbling across something .

She was still a little bit bleeding and so I asked if i could help.

First the girl said that it would not be necessary and then i told them that my car is parking just around the corner and that i would have a plaster for her knee.

They agreed and did come with me. I loved to touch her nude leg to put the plaster on her knee.

I would have loved to caress her slender leg and her slim thigh, but there was no really a way to do it.

I said that i would have loved to invite them for a coffee but i would not have time anymore, because i had a business meeting in a town about 3 hours away from here.

I was a little bit disappointed, not be able to use this situation to spend more time with this beautiful girls.

They looked so sexy in their short skirts, with their naked legs.

I told them that my meeting would last only one hour and then i would have time all day and then i asked if they would not like to come with me.

We could spend a nice day together and would be back at evening.

I was surprised and happy as they agreed to come with me.

I just had to promise that we would be back not later than 9 pm.

On the other side of the street from my car was a public toilet.

The second girl said that she would just need a few minutes and went to the toilet.

I was a little bit disappointed, I wished that her bladder would have stayed full for the journey, but then my dream did come true, the door was closed .

She did come back to my car and i said „bad luck „ and smiled.

She smiled too, said nothing and did take place on the back seat of my car.

I was total exciting and arousing for me, to know that she was needing to wee.

I thought about her bladder and hoped that it was really full.

The girl with the plaster on her knee was sitting beside me. Her mini skirt far up on her slim, naked thighs.

I could not resist to caress her knee.

“Is it hurting ?“ I asked and was sliding with my hand up on her thigh.

„No!“ she answered and let me slide up on her thigh until her panty.

After a half hour, the girl from behind whispered something in the ear from the girl beside me.

I could think that she told her that she would need to wee and so I asked if there is something wrong.

“No , everything okay „ they said both.

Half hour later the same again, but than the girl beside me told me that her girl friend would need to wee really bad.

I did know that and i did love it!!

I wanted to tease her and said „ always the same with the girls, little girls always needs to wee.“

“Only 2 hours, I think she can hold it that long, we are late for my meeting.“ I said a was hard at the moment.

Another half hour later the same again.

She is needing to wee so bad, told me the girl beside me.

„Does she have a weak bladder ?“ I wanted to know.

„No she has a strong bladder“ she answered.

“And why can’t she hold it?“ i asked.

She told me that her girl friend did not wee since yesterday evening.

She was a little bit bashed to talk about it, but she told me that they like pee holding and that they like to fill their bladders, sometimes to the limit.

She said that they have been at a coffee shop yesterday late afternoon and that her girl friend told her that she would go for a pee now and then she will hold it until they meets today. No morning pee for her.

She did not wee since nearly 17 hours!

I was so horny, I simply had to talk about it and so i asked the girl behind me „How much longer can you hold it?“

“I can’t hold it any longer, please stop at the next parking lot and let me pee before my bladder burst, please let me go!“ she was begging.

“Oh no, you 2 like pee holding and I love nothing more, than girls desperate to pee.

I don’t stop for you not even your bladder is full about to explode.

No pee for you ! Hold it you are a big!!“ I said.

“Sadist!“ said the girl beside me and smiled.

(continue)

*001*2020-07-01 22:15

Part 2

Just to remember, i had two pretty girls in my car on the way to a business meeting.

One girl beside me, she did show me her nude thighs nearly up to her panties.

I did caress the inside of her thighs and was sliding up until i could feel the fabric of her panty.

She smiled to me and did let me do it.

So much nude girl skin after the long, cold winter months was total arousing for me.

In the mirror i could see the other girl. She was pretty too and she was needing to wee really bad.

She did not wee since nearly 18 hours.

I could see her hands pressed hard between her thighs and i could hear her moan from her strong urge to wee.

We had to go for about 1 1/2 hours to the town and about 2 hours to the hotel.

I loved every minute of our journey and it did seams, the girl beside me did love it too, to see her friend suffer.

She told me that they love pee holding and that they like to torture each other’s bladder.

They like it to press and to push on their full bladders and she told me that they always dreamed about that a man makes them hold, that a man would not let them go, not even it gets painful.

“Please stop at the next parking lot, i really can’t wait anymore, let me pee “ she begged.

”Oh no,there is no reason to stop, you like holding it and we like to see you hold it .” i answered.

”I think she really can’t anymore, she never did hold it for so long “ whispered the girl beside me.

I was so absolutely horny about this situation, i pressed the fabric of the panties in the girls slit and she did let me do it.

”I wet my panties and your seat if you don’t let me wee “ said the girl from behind.

She was frantic from needing to pee so bad and i did not wanted to have a pee wet seat, so I did offer a deal to the girls.

”Okay, I’ll stop for you, but your friend must hold it instead of you, she is not allowed to pee until we are at home, she has to hold it for you. One of you girls have to have a full bladder here in my car.”I said.

The girl beside me was my favorite, she was a little bit more slim, her naked legs was so great for me and i wanted to see her desperate.

In my imagination i wanted to fuck her on her bursting bladder.

”Please hold it for me.” begged the girl for behind to her friend.

”I can’t, I am needing to wee now, I am not able to hold it 9 hours longer “ she said.

”Please, please, i did not pee since 18 hours, my bladder will explode, if I don’t let it out.” she begged again and at the same time we passed a service station.

”Oh my god, that is not fair, i am bursting!” she said.

”You are a big girl, just 30 minutes, you can endure that.” i said.

At the next parking lot i had to stop. The girl opened the door, she did get out with one hand between her thighs.

As soon she was out of the car, she started to pee, she pissed through her panties, she squatted, did slide her panties to side and pissed and pissed.

She slipped her panties down, used the dry parts of the fabric to dry her thighs and her slit.

Then she was sitting again in the car, she did lay her pee wet panty on the floor.

It was arousing for me to know that she did not have panties under her short skirt.

One hour later we have been in the hotel.

My meeting was in the lobby.

I told the girls to take a table beside me, so that i could see them, i wanted to be sure that my slim favorite, with the great legs did not go to the loo, her bladder should stay full.

At 2 pm my meeting ended and we went for a lunch.

Something to drink was good for my girls and for their bladders.

We had fun at afternoon, we had been in a bar and in a coffee shop and at 5.30 we went to the car.

Both girls were needing to wee and they asked me if they could go before we would leave.

I did not let them.”A deal is a deal “ i said and went to the car.

”My” girl was needing to pee pretty bad to the time when we were leaving.

I made her drink a lot, all day long and she was a good girl and did drink it all what i ordered.

After awhile, she wanted that i would stop for her, but girls who likes to hold it, should hold it and boys who likes girls desperate to pee, would never stop for a girl to let her go.

I had my hand on her thighs, on her panties, in her panties and most of the time inside the girl.

I could feel how full and swollen her bladder was.

I did press and push on it and she did let me torture her bladder and she did like to get tortured.

She was able to hold it until we were at home.

She was able to keep her panties dry, although I did press hard on her overfilled bladder.

This two girls were great, they wanted to be made to hold it, they wanted to get their bladders tortured and i wanted nothing more than that.

I did invite them for 3 days later in my house.

We wanted to spend all day in my garden on the pool.

They were ordered not to wee in the morning.

They should come with their bladders full, but that will be another story.

