Becomes girls sexier when they need to wee?

Author: huberp76

*000*2020-04-24 22:41

Once i went with a group of girls and boys to a city festival .

We did leave early in the morning, because we had to go 2 hours by train to the city.

We stayed all day long and had much fun.

Late at evening said one of the girls that we had to stop at a Mc Donald’s, because her girlfriend- one of the girls in our group, a very shy girl-is needing to wee.

The two girls went in and we were waiting outside. Not even 30 seconds, the girls were back on the street.

”No way, the line is to long for to wait, we have to catch our train “ said the girl.

”She should go at the train station, because there would be no toilet in the train “ said one of the boys.

”That will be really necessary, she is needing to wee since hours, she did not go all day long “ said the girl.

She was the only one in our group, who was not at the loo.

I was hard at the moment!

At the station there was again a long line in front of the girls.

She was needing to go so bad, but our train was leaving, there was no time for her to wee.

I did love that, it was so arousing for me to see her fight, with all her power against her unbearable urge.

Our final station was a small station and there was no loo, still no wee for her, but she was over her limit.

She did not pee since at home and she did drink all day, her bladder was full to explode, the girl could not hold it anymore.

As soon as we were out from the station, she squatted between the cars and pissed for eternity.

Her bladder must have been stretched to the size of a melon.

This girl was not my favorite girl in this group, but as soon as i did know that she did not wee all day long, that she was needing to go since hours and that her bladder was full to burst, she was the sexiest girl in the world for me.

I could not think anything else then on her full bladder and her strong and painful need to wee.

My eyes was on and between her crossed legs and on her swollen belly.

Now i ask you, becomes a girl sexier when she needs to wee, when she gets desperate, when she cross her legs to be able to hold it in?

Is a girl more arousing for boys when she is holding a bursting full bladder in her belly?

If her bladder is swollen and bulging?

Why are boys gets turned on if they know that a girl would need to go but she has to hold it?

Why does girls desperate to pee makes boys horny?

For me is it like you turn a switch, if a girl tells me that she has to wee really bad, I get hard at the moment.

Some girls know that, they hold their pee, just to make boys horny.

