Amanda: the mistake

Author: holding84

*000*2021-09-25 19:15

First story ever made, be nice but let me know.

Sorry if thwre are Grammer misstakes.

Amanda : the mistake

How can she ever make a mistake like this? Why she did not lissen to het own body, her own feelings?

Amanda, an 18 years of age student from the netherlands, a beautiful girl whit red hair, the boys where lying in line for her, she had always the oppertunity to choose.

She shares an apartment whit Her best friend for years, sofia, she is totally different then Amanda, not the natural beauty but only the brain. That's how Sofia discribes herself.

But Amanda had 2 big problems in het life, she have a small bladder for as long ass she knows, and she don't like to go to a public toilet, only when she really really needs it she would use it, but still then, she ask herself, can I just wait till I'm home?

Today whas a day like that, she had a few classes in the afternoon, but because it was hot outside she drinked more then normal.

After her last class of the day, she needed to pee, so she walked to the girls toilets, but when she opens the door and see how dirty the toilets are, and it make het think, can I hold on the 1 hour journey till home?

Standing just inches away from the toilet, she dicedes she could wait till she reach home. It whas not so bad, and het own toilet is alway better then thus one.

Her roommate had a free day so she would have to trafel alone, but she did not mind that, she put her music on, or take a good book and the times fly away.

Ariving at the busstop she had to wait about 7 minutes before het bus comes, she started to think is it really wise to wait? Or should I just walk back to use the toilets?

She said to herself "I'm a big girl, I can wait that 1 hour trip"

But the moment she finally sits down in the bus, and the bus starts to move, the need to pee starts to grow.

Evry passing minut, Evry passing 5 minutes, the urge to go got bigger and bigger, but she have no choice anymore, she must wait.

After 30 minutes, 50% of the bus ride, she starts to think it whas a bad idea, a bad mistake to not use the toilet, her need whas getting a little bad and she starts to squirm in her seat "come on come on, you can do this, your a big girl, just hold your pee" she told herself, but het bladder did not listen to her, it now had his own power, and it makes Amanda desperate.

The last 15 minutes whas like crazy, she had to go so bad, How can she ever make a mistake like this? Why she did not lissen to het own body, her own feelings? Why did she think she whas stronger then het own bladder.

"2 more stops left, please, hold it pleaseee" she told herself, but she whas now trying Evrything to hold on, just a little longer, and then just 2 minutes to walk and whit the elevator to the 5th floor. Just a little longer.

Finally het stop came around, but when she stands up, a vieuw drops game out. "please no, please just a little longer, you are so close" she walked the best way she could, but while holding yourself, and shaking its not easy.

When she whas inside the elevator a big leak came out. And once again she pleaded herself to hold on just a little longer.

After a long ride she stepped out of the elevator, she did not care if people could see her, she did not care annything, she was so close, Evry muscle in her body whas fighting to hold on.

The fight to open the door makes her leak again, "please you can do it, please don't wet yourself" but when she whas inside she heard a terrible sound, Sofia x her roommate and best friend whas taking a shower, in the bathroom there where the only toilet of the house is.

"o no no no, sofia you have to come out, o God Sofia hurry up" she said while bouncing on the door.

"just a second sweety, what is going on?" Sofia said

"I'm about to pee myself pleaee please open the door"

But is was to late, her tired muscles where loosing the battle, leak by leak the pee starts to come out, she could do nothing about it. "o God no no no, it's coming, I can't......" then the dam broke, full force she starts to wet. She was so close, but just a shower away from peeing on the toilet.

*002*2021-10-24 23:27

Thank you for the respons, going to make a new one

