Emily Gets A Date

Author: holditin

*000*2018-07-10 18:30

Hello all! So with the Holding It board currently down (permanently? Who knows...), I figured I'd post my latest story on here! Of course, it features long hold times and big bladders, so hopefully it will be enjoyed by those who really like those sorts of things!

Emily Gets a Date

By Holditin

“Oh, fine, Sara, fine. If you insist…..yes, yes. But I want you to know that I’m only doing this for you, not for me! And only because you’re pestering me about it so much,” Emily talked into the phone good-naturedly, with her best friend Sara on the other end of the line. “You’ll like him, I promise, Em! Really, just give him a chance!” Sara pleaded, even though her case was already won. “You’ve promised that about the last few as well, Sara. Don’t think I don’t remember! But like I said, just find out when he’s free and we can make some plans…at least I won’t have to pay for my dinner one night, right?” Emily retorted, again with a smile on her face. Sara agreed and they ended the call, and Emily went to her sitting room to put her feet up and try and relax. Here she was, 32 years of age, single and with no prospects of changing that, save the men that Sara was constantly digging up to try and set her up with.

Sara, perfect Sara, who had the body that Emily didn’t have, who always had the men chasing after her, who always knew just what to say. Not that Emily minded, not really, because she wasn’t the best at conversation, and she could care less about the latest pop culture and sports and things that most men seemed to be into these days, but she couldn’t deny that she was lonely. Sitting for another evening, cooped up by herself in her cramped one bedroom apartment, she was definitely lonely, and Sara was always doing her best to drag Emily out of her comfort zone. Emily both appreciated it and hated Sara for it, sometimes all at once. But when Sara started going on and on about her new coworker Dale and how he would be perfect for Emily, well….Emily wasn’t really in a position to say no. She’d already turned down the last 4 or 5 guys that Sara had attempted to put her on a date with.

Eventually the date was set up, with Sara acting as an intermediary, because as Emily put it, “How am I supposed to talk on the phone with someone I’ve never met?? What would I possibly say??”

“How about ‘Hi, I’m Emily. How are you?’” Sara suggested with a laugh, but Emily was having none of it, so Sara had agreed to speak with Dale to set up a time. At least Sara had no problems with Emily’s schedule to work around, because as usual, Emily’s weekend schedule did not consist of much. So on a cold, dreary Friday morning, Emily awoke with the knowledge that she’d be meeting Sara’s latest muse that night for dinner. She got up, used the toilet, and dressed herself for work. All throughout the work day Emily couldn’t concentrate, as her nerves were getting the better of her.

‘What if he doesn’t like me? How could he possibly like me? What if he expects me to look like Sara and then sees….me? Maybe I should call the whole thing off… No, I can’t do that to Sara, but goodness, why must she keep putting me in such predicaments…’ The thoughts went on and on through Emily’s head. Truth be told, while Emily was not up to Sara’s perfect 10 standard of beauty, she was not the ugly broad she made herself out to be. Sure, she wasn’t as fit as she could be, but she certainly was not a large lady. She was just blessed with well-proportioned hips and a flatter chest, as opposed to Sara’s amazing hourglass figure. The fact that Emily did not dress to appear sexy also did not help her cause with the opposite sex, as she came off much more “librarian” than “single and ready to mingle”.

Finally Emily returned home from work, with little time to spare before her date. With haste, she changed into her normal post-work attire, which was certainly for prioritizing comfort over looks. Emily checked herself over in the mirror, and was just about to walk out the door, when a voice spoke out in her head and shrewdly convinced her that perhaps, just once, she should put in some effort and try to dress a little bit cuter. She still wasn’t about to be provocative, but Emily hurriedly changed from her frumpy clothing into a nice yellow sundress, which managed to show the slightest hint of chest.

‘At least now I can tell Sara I tried…’ Emily told herself to ease her conscience. Emily got into her car (a VW Bug that Emily thought was just the cutest thing), and 15 minutes later she was pulling into the parking lot of the steakhouse that Sara had arranged for her to meet Dale at. Emily exited her car, took a sharp breath, considered getting right back in the car, and then threw her head back and decided she had no choice. Walking with small steps, she stepped out of her comfort zone and into the restaurant.

Emily scanned the tables and did not see any that were occupied by just a single person. ‘Everyone here already has someone…’ she thought, not exactly liking her brain pointing out something like this at the moment. It was one thing to feel lonely at home, but quite another to do so in public. A hostess appeared and Emily told her that she was just waiting for someone, and went back to the seating near the front doors. There were already a few families taking up most of the available space, their young children running around like wild animals, so Emily took the first free seat she saw, right next to a balding gentleman who appeared to be at the same time content and yet on edge. “Pardon me,” Emily said as her purse made contact with his leg, “I’m just waiting for someone…”

The man looked up briefly, “Oh, that’s ok. It seems I’m in the same boat!” And so they sat, closer together than they would have liked, and certainly closer than Emily felt comfortable with, but the little monsters darting to and fro made sure to take up every bit of space they could. After five minutes, Emily glanced at her watch, and after another five, she did it again. This second time, Emily noticed her seatmate flick his eyes in her direction. There was some sweat visible on the back of his neck, and it was beginning to stain the collar of his blue button up shirt. He was dressed rather nicely, between the buttoned shirt and the finely pressed khaki pants, and to Emily he gave off the impression of someone who didn’t dress this way often. Why, those khakis looked like they hadn’t been worn more than a dozen times since they left the store. Perhaps…

Just as Emily’s mind started to work things out, the man peered furtively once more, then turned to face her and said, “You know, I’m sorry, I may be making a big fool out of myself, but your name isn’t Emily, is it? I’ve got this colleague at work who’s been dying to set me up on a date, but I don’t get out that much. But it seems that whoever you’re waiting for hasn’t shown up yet…” Emily stuttered briefly, but then asked the man, “Are you Dale?”, to which he nodded the affirmative.

Emily began to laugh, “Well, Dale, fancy meeting you right here in the lobby after all! What a good first impression this must be!” Dale started a nervous laugh of his own, “Oh, that’s quite alright. Imagine if we’d just been sitting here all night, waiting for our date to arrive before going home when the place closed! That would have been something to remember, but probably not in a good way!” Emily arose and scurried out from the waiting area, leaving the loudmouthed children and their uncaring parents behind, and motioned for Dale to follow, “Come on, then, let’s at least get a table! While those kids can certainly cover up some awkward silences when we run out of conversation, I’d still rather sit and eat while we get to know each other.” Dale agreed and followed Emily back to the hostess, who led them to a table in the far corner of the steakhouse.

They ate and talked, and when they had each had their fill of food, the two talked some more. There were silences, there were moments when neither knew what to say, but overall Emily found herself having a good time. Dale was perhaps a little too earnest, but she could tell that he meant well, and he seemed to genuinely enjoy her company. ‘That’d be a first!’ Emily thought to herself ruefully, but this evening her blossoming good mood could not be ruined even by her cynical nature.

The two had taken to just requesting refills on their beverages to have an excuse to stay at the table without their waitress threatening to ask them to leave, as the steakhouse was still crowded even as afternoon turned to evening, and after their second refill had been delivered, Dale slid out of the booth and told her, with just the slightest amount of red on his face, “Well, dear, I’m afraid I have to hit the john before I can continue our lovely conversation. Would you like me to show you the location of the ladies’ room as well? I’ve been to this place before and they keep the bathrooms hidden away back near the kitchen…”

Emily waved him along, “Oh no, Dale, you go right ahead! I’m just fine yet.” Dale nodded and continued to the bathroom to relieve his full bladder, and a few minutes later he returned and they picked up right where they had left off. They chatted another hour and as their conversation was finally beginning to wind down, Dale gestured to Emily’s now-empty glass and asked, “Are you quite sure you don’t want me to show you to the ladies’ room before we depart? You don’t have to be shy about it – I’d hate for you to get caught short on the way home.” Emily smiled and shook her head, “Oh Dale, thank you, it’s nice to be with a gentleman for a change, but I’m alright.” At this, Dale whistled in amazement and noted playfully, “That’s impressive – I wish I had your bladder! I thought women couldn’t hold it as well as men, but I guess you’re the exception!”

When the words left his mouth, Dale had a mildly embarrassed look on his face, like perhaps he’d taken this line of conversation too far, but Emily began to giggle, and she exclaimed, “Sara is always telling me the same thing! What a lark she is. She’s got every girl’s perfect figure, but when we’re out drinking she’ll have to pop away after every drink, and she’ll say ‘I would trade my curves for your bladder any day!’” Dale nodded in response, and soon after they took their leave, and Emily noticed that he was once again sweating like he was when he was first waiting for her.

They stood by the front entrance of the steakhouse for a few more minutes, still enjoying their conversation, before Dale finally asked if Emily would like to see him again. Emily thought for only a moment and then replied, “You know what, I actually really would like to see you again, Dale. I try to tell Sara I’m not the dating type, and she keeps trying to set me up with men, but this is the first time I’ve really enjoyed myself on one of these dates.” Dale’s face brightened immediately, and he asked, “So I’ll call you and we can set something up?” Emily nodded, “I think I’d like that.” With that, they shared a hesitant hug and departed.

When Emily returned home that night, she couldn’t help but notice that she was carrying slightly more energy than normal. It was an energy that she couldn’t place, but it was simmering underneath her calm exterior. She found it difficult to concentrate, and after a long while she came to the conclusion that she really did like Dale very much. ‘He’s good company, he’s a handsome guy, and he’s…..nice. He’s quite, quite nice.’ Emily thought to herself as she readied for bed. As she fell asleep, Emily had more hope for her dating life than she’d had in the last few years combined.

The next day, Emily was still buzzing with energy. She’d decided that Dale was a great fellow, and after a full night of sleep she seemed to like him even more than she had the previous day. She was also desperate for him to call to set up their next date, her heart fluttering about like she was a teenager again. ‘Hmmm…but how long is appropriate to wait before calling after a first date? I hope he doesn’t dawdle long!’ Emily thought to herself. Thankfully, it seemed that Dale was of a similar mind, because that afternoon Emily’s cell phone rang and she was pleasantly surprised to see Dale’s name come up.

“Hello Emily, I hope this isn’t too soon,” Dale began with a hitch, but Emily quickly assured him, “Oh no, really it’s fine! I’ve been thinking of you a lot and I was hoping you would call sooner rather than later!” Dale breathed an audible sigh of relief and when he began speaking again, Emily could tell that he was much calmer. Before long, they had set up their second date for the following weekend, and after they hung up the phone, Emily grumbled to herself good-naturedly about having to wait an entire week before seeing Dale again. “I should have told him to meet me today!” she said with a frustrated laugh.

The next week dragged on like no other, but after what seemed like much more than a mere seven days, the weekend was finally upon them, and Dale and Emily could see each other once more. They had agreed on a trip to the zoo for their second date, and Emily found that the night before, she was so excited that she couldn’t get to sleep. Finally she dozed off, well later than she intended, with the result that she slept right through her alarm in the morning. Emily woke up to the sun, already high in the sky, streaming through her window and hitting her in the face.

Tiredly, she checked her phone, then snapped up and checked it once more. 10:30! She had agreed to meet Dale at the zoo at 11! Emily couldn’t bear the thought of being late, and so she scampered about, dressing in a new cami and some capris. She tugged on her sneakers and glanced at the clock again. There was no time to spare, so Emily quickly pinned up her hair and put a ball cap over it. She walked right passed her bathroom, despite the fact that she was in such a rush that she hadn’t even had a morning pee. But Emily had peed before bed around midnight, and in any case, she knew that her bladder was much too large to be troubled by one night’s accumulation of urine, so she headed out the door and sped off.

Emily arrived at the zoo at 11:10, cursed at her watch for not showing her the time she wanted to see, and briskly parked her car and began walking towards the entrance area. After a few minutes, she found Dale craning his neck amongst the crowded gates, and they exchanged a brief hug before buying their tickets and entering. Dale had wanted to pay for Emily’s ticket, but Emily would have none of it and insisted they split things 50/50. “You’re a rare lady, Em, you know that?” Dale said when she put down her money for the ticket, and Emily had decided that this was a fine compliment, indeed. She made a mental note to remind herself to thank Sara profusely for setting her up with such a thoughtful man.

The two began walking down one of the many pathways, chit-chatting about this and that, and Emily told Dale brightly, “You know, I was really looking forward to this, and I’m so sorry I was a bit late! I didn’t mean to be!” Dale shook his head and rubbed her back, “It’s really no problem, Emily. I don’t mind waiting a little bit if it means I get to have such good company for the rest of the day!” Emily appreciated that, but she still wanted to get her point across, “Oh, I really did try though, Dale! I just couldn’t sleep last night – I guess I was more excited to see you again than I thought. But when I missed my alarm this morning, I got right up. All I did was throw on this outfit and drive straight here. I didn’t even use the toilet this morning, or have any breakfast! Speaking of which…could we stop by one of the food vendors, do you think? I really am much hungrier than I thought!”

Dale was quick to reply, “Of course, Emily, why didn’t you say so? We’ll stop by the bathrooms as well. I was up early and it’s been a few hours for me, so I definitely need to take a leak, but I’m sure you must be downright uncomfortable if you didn’t even go this morning!” Emily shrugged, “Oh, that’s very kind of you, but I think just the food will do for me. I really don’t have to go for a pee, but I’ll happily stop at the bathrooms if you need!” Dale shook his head, “You know, I really need to listen to you when you tell me things! You told me you could hold it when we had dinner last week, but to wait when you haven’t even gone in the morning – why, I don’t know how you do it! I feel pretty weak by comparison!” Emily smiled at him, “Don’t worry about that, Dale. I don’t mind a bit. I’ve just got a large tank down there, and it takes its sweet time filling up.”

The two lovebirds found one of the zoo’s many restroom facilities, and true to her word, Emily waited outside while Dale went to the men’s room to relieve himself. Then they found a nice shop to get lunch at, and Emily couldn’t resist sucking down a large lemonade with her meal. As they finished, Dale suggested getting some waters to have while they walked, as the day was getting fairly hot, and Emily agreed without hesitation. And so they walked, and drank, and marveled at the animals, and drank some more, and Dale had his hand on Emily’s back, which Emily found to be just delightful. Despite her frigid exterior from the last some odd years of failed dates, Emily was realizing that she desperately wanted to make Dale happy.

She was falling for him hard. As it became early afternoon, Dale watched as Emily took the last sip from her second water bottle and deposited the empty plastic into a nearby trash can. Dale had only finished one bottle, and he said with a bit of amazement in his voice, “I see you’re really putting away the fluids! That’s good on such a hot day, but are you quite sure you wouldn’t like to stop at the women’s room? You haven’t emptied out for a very long time!” Again, as was becoming the norm, Emily waved him off, “No, I’m alright. I’m having such a nice time that I wouldn’t want to waste a minute on a bathroom stop, and in any case I really don’t have to go very badly.”

“That’s incredible – forgive me for bringing it up, but you’ve had much more to drink than me, and you haven’t taken a single trip to the toilet since last night! All of the women I’ve been with in the past have had very poor bladder control, but it seems you put them all to shame! I don’t know how you do it…” Dale exclaimed wistfully. He was learning that Emily was very open when it came to discussing her urinary habits, and this was no exception, as Emily replied, “Oh I don’t mind talking about it a bit – I’ll talk about whatever you like. Yes, I really have a quite strong bladder, and it will hold a lot before it complains. And even if it does, it’s still no trouble for me to go on waiting.” Dale could only nod and tell her, “Well gosh, you really are something special, Emily. So I’ll stop asking, but you just let me know when you’d like me to start looking for the nearest bathrooms for you.”

“I appreciate it, Dale, but I don’t think you’ll have to do that. My bladder is very capable of waiting,” Emily told him with a certain confidence in her voice. It seemed that Dale was bringing out a side of Emily that was usually kept far under wraps, as it was unlike her to be so brazen and so point blank about something, especially something as private as her peeing habits, and especially in front of a man.

They spent the rest of the day enjoying each other’s company at the zoo, and true to her word, Emily did not ask Dale to help her find a bathroom, despite another large drink with their dinner, and some more water on top of that throughout the day. Dale, for his part, had stopped multiple times in the afternoon to relieve himself, but he also kept his word and did not offer Emily to accompany him at any point. But as they were getting ready to leave the zoo before closing, Dale couldn’t help but draw Emily off to the side of the path and speak with her, “Erm, Emily, you know, I’ve enjoyed these last couple of meetings with you more than you know, and I really do not want you to be off put, but I would be remiss if I didn’t mention something to you.” Dale said, and Emily noticed that his nervous sweat had returned.

“Oh Dale, what is it? Have I done something wrong? You can tell me whatever you’d like, you know.” Emily responded with a slight worry. “Oh, no, you’ve done nothing wrong. In fact, this is more about something you…..haven’t….done. If I may make an observation, we’ve been out all day, and you haven’t stopped to use the toilets even one time. If you really haven’t gone since last night, then by my count it’s been somewhere around 20 hours since you’ve had a wee. Do you still not need to go?” Dale asked with a certain incredulousness. Emily furrowed her brow, “Well, I mean I definitely could go if I wanted to – there’s some pressure down there, like you said, as anyone who hasn’t relieved their bladder in 20 hours would feel, but it’s completely manageable. I’d ask you if I wanted to stop, but right now it’s not a problem in the slightest to keep holding it in. But why do you bring it up? You don’t seem at ease about it, Dale.”

Dale gulped, took a long pause, and finally continued, “Emily, well, I bring it up because…..I’m absolutely fascinated. I’ve never known someone, male or female, who could wait half as long as you without needing a toilet visit, and I find your strong bladder to be….rather exciting, if I may be so bold. I know that may sound crazy, but I….I’m finding that I enjoy it when you, you know, don’t go.” Dale waited for his new girlfriend to begin shouting “Pervert!” at him, but to his utmost surprise, this did not happen. Emily was regarding him with a quizzical expression, and finally she replied, “Let me make sure I have this right. Dale, I know this may be embarrassing to admit, especially since we’re in public, so you can just whisper it. But do you mean that you’re…turned on…by my lack of visits to the women’s room?” Dale immediately went on the defense, “No, Emily, please, it’s not like that…..I mean, you mustn’t think….I wouldn’t want to offend…..”

The poor man was grasping desperately for words and finding none, unable to string together a complete sentence in his haste, and Emily eventually cut him off, “Dale, I don’t mind at all. You’ve said that I’m not like other women, and I think that’s true. I don’t mind talking about my bladder capacity – I mean, I’ve known that it was large, nearly abnormal, since I was a little girl, and it’s only natural to have some curiosity about it. I was curious about it too growing up.

I can’t say it affects me in exactly the same way that it seems to have done to you…but if it pleases you and excites you even half as much as you’re letting on, then I’ll take pride in waiting even longer for you. I want to be a good girlfriend for you, Dale, and whatever that entails, I’ll do. So if that means going without a restroom while we’re together, it’s easy for my bladder to accommodate that. You can trust me, I’m happy to do it for you!” Emily made sure to look Dale right in the eyes as she gave her speech, and when she was finished, Dale continued to stare at her for about half a minute, not speaking, as if he had seen a ghost.

Then his visage softened and Emily noted that he looked almost giddy underneath the smile that he was desperately trying to hide, and he told her, “You’re an incredible girl, Em. And….if I am going to be as honest as I can….what you suggest would make me a happy man, indeed.” Emily smiled with relief as well, “I’m glad that’s settled! Now come on, let’s get out of here before they kick us out!” She gestured to the zoo’s security guards, as by now the two of them were nearly the last ones left in the entire park. Without another word, they clasped hands and walked through the gates, their relationship now closer than it had ever been before.

Over the next two months, Emily had gone out of her way to pursue Dale’s unique little kink for his pleasure. She would make sure not to take a precautionary pee before their dates, and would always make sure to drink more than normal, all the while teasing him about how her bladder could still wait longer, even though it had been so long already. She quite enjoyed the power trip it gave her to be able to come across like Superwoman to Dale, with her giant bladder always seeming to have more and more capacity to hold greater amounts of urine. To Emily’s surprise, they had even begun to have sex with each other – a feat that Emily couldn’t recall actually wanting to partake in since her hormone-fueled high school years.

The discomfort of Dale’s member thrusting into her sex and hitting her filling bladder was something that she was more than willing to bear, since he liked it so much, and Emily could not deny that the pain did lead to a certain amount of pleasure in a masochistic way as well. One day, as the two of them were laying on Dale’s bed together in post-coital bliss, Emily developed a curiosity of her own. “Show me what type of porn you like to watch. What sort of things do you have on your computer?” she turned and asked Dale, her hand rubbing his chest and sneaking lower every so often. Dale, to her surprise, turned red and did not immediately take her up on this offer.

Emily decided to tickle him a little, “Oh, come on honey, I’m sure there’s nothing embarrassing on there. I already know you like pee! Trust me, I’m a pretty open-minded gal, especially for you. Whatever you’ve got, I won’t judge you, I just want to see it!” With a good degree of hesitation, Dale agreed, and he brought his laptop over to the bed. Emily began to play with Dale’s rapidly expanding penis while he clicked into a few different folders. They watched a couple of tame videos of girls peeing into toilets, but Emily was getting a growing tingle in her nether regions and pressed, “Show me something dirtier, dear. Something a little more extreme. I can handle it!” Dale gulped audibly, but Emily stroked her hand around her boyfriend’s cheek and under his chin, and eventually convinced him that she was serious.

With shaking hands, Dale clicked into a new folder, and another video popped up onto the screen. It showed two women lying on a bed together, but they were connected with some type of tubing via their vaginas. Before Emily could totally wrap her head around what was taking place, one of the women seemed to relax, and then there was a flow of yellow liquid through the tubing, and as the flow went on, Emily noted that the abdomen of the second woman was actually expanding. “Is she…peeing into the other girl?” Emily asked Dale, placing her head on his chest.

“Yes….they have a catheter hooked up to each other…” Dale replied breathlessly. He was trying not to appear as embarrassed as he was, but Emily noticed his worry and began to stroke his penis in an effort to calm his nerves. “So would you….would you like me to do this? Get filled up with a catheter?” Emily asked. Dale didn’t answer, but his erection had become rock hard, so Emily knew she was on to something. Suddenly an idea came to her mind. She didn’t know where it came from, because she was normally very inquisitive about kinks, but didn’t have any herself. “I have an idea. Tell me if this is too crazy, but it just popped into my head! Maybe you will like it. What if you…peed into me? Would you like that? I’m sure my bladder is big enough to handle the extra load, in any case, so it won’t bother me any if you’d like to try it.”

Emily spoke the words, but again she didn’t get a verbal reply from Dale. What she did get was a rapid increase in breath, and just as she finished her last sentence, Dale groaned loudly and suddenly cum was roping out of his penis, shooting high over the laptop and hitting Emily in the face and chest. Emily was shocked, as Dale had just cum during sex a mere 20 minutes prior, and yet it seemed his load was much more voluminous this time around. Many girls would have been disgusted, or at least unhappy, to be on the receiving end of so much semen without warning, but Emily felt a certain glee in having pleasured her partner so well. Before he could object, Emily told him with playful authoritativeness, “Well, honey, I’ll take that as a yes!”, and she pulled his laptop over to her naked lap and began doing searches for catheter equipment to order.

A week later, everything had arrived (Emily had insisted on the fastest shipping option). Emily was at Dale’s doorstep 15 minutes after her work day ended, as she was extremely eager to try this new type of experimentation with her beau. Dale was almost shivering as he greeted her, such was his excitement. “You’re sure you want to try this?” Dale asked her, and Emily reassured him quickly that she was. And so without further ado, they stripped out of their clothing and entered Dale’s bathroom, just in case they didn’t get things quite right and had a mess on their hands. Emily noticed that Dale was dancing around a little as he unpackaged the catheter, and when Emily inquired, Dale admitted that he had drank quite a bit over the second half of the day in order to assure that he was ready and didn’t suffer stage fright when the critical moment came.

“I hope that’s ok, and that it’s not too much for you…” Dale said worryingly, but Emily was again almost instantaneous with her reassurance, “I haven’t gone all day, so I feel something in there, but I’m sure it will be no problem! You know my bladder can handle a good deal of urine without complaint!” And so they began the process of inserting the double ended catheter into themselves, and quickly discovered that this was a much more difficult task than Dale’s videos had made them assume.

Both of them were struggling, and Dale was letting out some grunts from trying to concentrate on the catheter while still containing his bursting bladder. Then they made eye contact, both of them desperately jamming the tubing at their genitals, and both began to erupt with laughter at the ridiculousness of the situation. They shared a hug, and Emily gave Dale’s manhood a playful fondle, and after a brief respite they began the process anew. Now that the tension was out of the air, things progressed at a better pace, and soon enough they had a handle on things and were connected from peehole to peehole via the double ended catheter.

“Ok…..are you ready?” Dale asked, his voice shaking from anticipation now more than nervousness. “Yes, honey, go ahead! It looks like you really need the release!” Emily commented, thrusting her pelvis out slightly to receive the influx of urine. Dale breathed deeply and slowly relaxed, and before half a minute had expired his urine began to flow out of him, through the catheter’s tubing, and into Emily’s spacious bladder. “Hah, what a strange sensation!” Emily commented, almost as if she was talking about the weather. “I…I would stop, but I don’t think I can control it anymore dear…” Dale said with concern, but Emily replied sweetly, “Oh Dale, that’s nonsense, you go on ahead and empty out all the way. This is fun, and if you’re enjoying it then I’m happy to fill myself up for you…..not that this is even close to filling me up, mind you.”

After a further 30 seconds, Dale’s stream came to a halt, and he sighed with the relief he now felt in his abdomen. Emily looked none the worse for wear, and when Dale asked her, she confirmed, “I’m feeling just fine, dear. Sure, there’s a little more urine in me than there was five minutes ago, but that’s what a big bladder is for, isn’t it? I can go right on holding, and I think I will!” The two managed to remove themselves from the catheter without any pain or problems, and then they dressed again (after another quick fondle of Dale’s penis from Emily, to which Dale responded with a grab of her ass cheek), and went out to a restaurant for dinner. To Dale’s amazement, Emily still lasted the entire evening without a hint of complaint or urgency, even with the extra load her capacious bladder was now containing.

As they went their separate ways for the night, Emily even agreed, unprompted, to repeat the act as much as Dale would like, causing him to nearly combust from withheld excitement.

Over the following weeks, the two slowly fell into a routine – when they were together, Dale would avoid the toilet and instead urinate with the catheter into Emily’s bladder, and Emily would dutifully avoid the toilet altogether. Still, Emily did not have a problem with the arrangement, holding tight at all times and not fidgeting or showing signs of bladder pain, and she would again give credit to her enormous bladder capacity when Dale would ask. One day, Dale showed her an invitation that had come in the mail. One of his nieces, Courtney, was getting married, and they were cordially invited to attend. The wedding was taking place the following Sunday in a countryside area 3 hours out of town, so the couple decided to go down Friday night and have a nice trip out of it. They had also agreed that it would be a perfect opportunity to take their catheter games to the next level.

The plan was to see if Emily could last from Friday evening until they returned from the wedding late on Sunday without needing to urinate, while taking all of Dale’s pee directly into her bladder the entire time. Emily was so confident that she could complete the task that she didn’t even want to pee before leaving, having relieved herself in the morning prior to work, but Dale insisted, saying “You never know what might happen. We can surely push further in the future if this is still doable for you.” Emily appreciated that Dale still valued her comfort above his fetish, and so she used the toilet at 6 pm at her own flat, then drove to meet Dale at his home, and soon after they departed for their hotel, stopping only to get dinner on the way.

Dale relieved himself into Emily once that night, before bed, and when they woke up in the morning, Dale took his morning pee via catheter into Emily’s strong bladder as well. Despite having a few glasses of tea and lemonade at dinner, and a cup of coffee from the coffee maker in their furnished hotel room, Emily professed to Dale that she felt no real need to urinate as of yet. “And don’t worry, even when I want to go, I’ll just hold it!” Emily told him brightly. She’d found over the past few weeks that she was really enjoying this peculiar game that Dale had fantasized about for so long.

Not to mention the side effect of watching Dale swoon every time more urine was deposited into her reservoir. They had some breakfast, washed down with more coffee, and they were just lounging around the hotel when more of the wedding guests started arriving. Suddenly, they heard a bit of commotion at the front desk, and Dale noted, “I think I know those voices. Come on, let’s see if we can help out.” They walked from the lobby to the front desk and Dale whispered to Emily that he did in fact know the two statuesque blondes who were arguing with the receptionist about their rooms. Emily was surprised, as the girls appeared to be no more than 20 years of age each, and she wondered how Dale knew these two.

She assumed they were family, but then Dale let her know that “these are friends of Courtney. I always used to see the three of them playing around the house when I would visit my sister.” The taller, thinner blonde turned abruptly from her argument as Dale got closer, and she exclaimed happily, “Oh, Dale, hello there! I didn’t think I’d get to see you before tomorrow!” The shorter, bustier blonde also greeted him and both girls gave him a quick hug before turning back to the receptionist.

It seemed that their hotel room had been double booked, and there was nothing the receptionist could do short of offering a partial refund. The girls made it clear that this was unacceptable, as they needed to stay here in order to be ready to be in the wedding party on the following day. The taller girl finally stamped her feet angrily, but then an idea crept onto her face and she turned back to Dale, “Dale, as I’m sure you’ve heard, and probably everyone else in this bloody lobby has heard as well, we no longer have a hotel room. Do you think we could maybe, possibly stay in your room with you and…”

“Emily,” Emily said, offering my hand. The girl shook it briefly and finished, “with you and Emily! It would just be for the one night and we’ll try not to disturb you.” Dale glanced at Emily, but she shrugged without thinking and said it wouldn’t be a problem, so Dale nodded and the two girls jumped for joy. The four began talking as they made their way to the elevators, and Emily quickly realized that these college-aged girls….well…they talked like college-aged girls. Thankfully, Emily possessed a good deal of patience, because she was already starting to tire of their antics by the time the four of them reached Emily and Dale’s room. She had at least learned their names while in the elevator – the taller one was Miranda, and the shorter one was Holly. After the girls had thrown their bags into the room, Miranda began pulling Holly by the arm, “Come on, Hol, I wanna go check out what this town has to offer!”

“More like you’re bored already and want to start drinking!” Holly retorted, and while Miranda shot her a look, she did not deny this. Then Holly lit up, “I’m only kidding Miranda….I want to go and drink too!” They waved goodbye to Dale and Emily and scooted out of the room, and only when they were gone did Dale check his watch and remark to Emily, “Drinking?? It’s…10 in the morning!”

“Oh, to be young again!” Emily, who was never a heavy drinker, joked back.

Dale and Emily did a little tour of the area to spend some time together, quickly discovering that there was not all that much to see in this part of the countryside. The rolling hills were nice, but they both would have preferred a few more buildings to go into. Still, they found a quaint shop for a light lunch, and then returned to the hotel around 3 in the afternoon. By this time, Dale had been without a pee since his morning relief, and he was approaching a level of desperation. Wary of the fact that the girls could reenter the room at any moment, Emily pulled Dale into the bathroom, locked the door, and they hooked up the double ended catheter. Dale peed through it more forcefully this time, as he really did have to go quite badly after holding for nearly 6 hours, and when he was finished, he saw that Emily was now sporting a bit of a bulge in her abdominal region.

And why not, he supposed, as she had been holding back her urine for an astounding 21 hours and was carrying three of his own batches of urine as well. Dale wiped the sweat from his face and gestured to the toilet, “You know, dear, I can see that your bladder is full enough to make a bulge below your stomach! Really, feel free to use the toilet if our game becomes too much for you.” Emily snorted as this suggestion, “Oh, really, Dale, it’s not bothersome to wait. As you can imagine, I am quite used to holding in a little pee! You can go into me as much as you’d like this weekend – the next time I’ll be relieving myself will be in my own toilet, as promised!”

Soon after the two lovebirds had exited the bathroom and put the catheter equipment back in the far reaches of their bags, the hotel room door swung open and in walked Holly and Miranda. They weren’t sloshed, but their breath smelled slightly of alcohol, and it was clear that they had found whatever bars and taverns they had been searching for. Emily also noticed that both of them, Holly in particular, were shaking their legs around as if to suggest that they were bursting for the pot. As soon as Emily came to this conclusion in her mind, Holly shouted loudly, “You promised, Miranda, I get the bathroom first! I’m about to bust!” Miranda double crossed her legs while laughing at her, “I told you that third shot was a bad idea, girl!” Holly could only groan in response and hobbled into the bathroom, not even bothering to shut the door.

Miranda looked on while Emily and Dale did their best to pretend they were busy with something else, but a few seconds later there was a huff from the bathroom and Holly appeared back in the doorway, now more desperate than ever. “Did you guys know your toilet is flooded??” she asked, tears nearly forming her eyes. Dale and Emily both looked at each other and shrugged, because it occurred to them that because of their arrangement, neither of them had actually opened the toilet lid to view the bowl since they had arrived the previous evening.

“Erm, no…” Dale stuttered, “It must have just happened recently…” He and Emily pushed past the pee dancing Holly and inspected the bowl – sure enough, the water level was right up to the top and threatening to spill over. “I guess you’ll have to go down to the lobby’s toilets on the first floor…” Dale suggested sympathetically. Holly would have none of it, “But Daaaaale, I can’t hold it that long! I’m about to go in my knickers!” Holly was clearly at the end of her tether, and Miranda was not far behind, as the taller girl’s legs were now quivering all over.

Then an idea came to Emily. “Just a minute girls,” she said, and shut the bathroom door with herself and Dale inside. “What’s up, Em?” Dale asked, and Emily shyly expressed, “I don’t know if you’d have a problem with this, honey, so just tell me if you do and I’ll forget I ever thought of it. But if there’s really no other option….well….the girls would be more than welcome to pee into me with our catheter system. We brought some spare tubing along…” Dale’s eyes widened at this suggestion, but Emily knew she was on to something when his first words were not a harsh rejection, but instead, “Oh, Em, I couldn’t ask you to do that! Your bladder must already be fairly full – I don’t know that you can hold what they’ve got as well. These girls are pro drinkers back at college, if their Facebooks are to be believed, so I’ll bet they can hold a good amount of urine.”

Emily smiled her confident smile, “That’s alright. Honestly, I was thinking that this weekend game would be a little too easy, so this just makes things more challenging! And I’m sure you’d love to see my bladder get bloated out even further, wouldn’t you, especially with the pee of some college girls, huh? Why that sounds downright kinky when I say it like that!” Emily could see the bulge in Dale’s jeans and knew she was on to something, even if he wouldn’t verbalize it.

“Oh, come on honey, it will be fun! Besides, they probably won’t even go for it – it’s quite the outlandish idea to spring on someone! But you have to hurry and give me permission, because I think otherwise we might end up paying for a carpet cleaning!” Dale seemed on the verge of assenting, so Emily sensually ran her hand up his thigh and over his throbbing package, and that did it, as Dale finally nodded his agreement to the plan, and the two of them unlocked the door and exited the bathroom, coming face to face with two girls on the verge of urinary disaster.

“You’ll have to just piss in the shower, Hol!” Miranda was shouting at her, while Holly squirmed madly on the bed. “That’s sooo gross! Absolutely not!” the poor girl responded. Emily rushed past them and began digging through her bag for the spare catheter equipment. “Girls, girls, calm down. There’s another solution…if you don’t mind doing something a little odd…..” she told them with a gleam in her eye. “Anything, whatever you want, I just need to piss!” Holly begged, shivering around as if she was about to burst.

“Yeah, whatever plan you’ve got, count me in too!” Miranda exclaimed, re-crossing her legs as another bladder spasm ripped through her. Emily smiled and held up the double ended catheter, “Well, if you’re sure! In that case, both of you, drop your pants and I’ll get you hooked up.” Dale was nice enough to walk out of the room and stand just outside the door to afford the girls some privacy, but both college girls were looking at Emily like she was crazy. “What the hell is that??” Miranda asked, her voice edgy due to her desperation. “It’s a catheter!” Emily replied, “That toilet in the bathroom may be overflowing, but my large bladder has plenty of room, so I’ll be glad to be a receptacle for your urine. We’ll just hook you up and you can pee right into me!” Emily had decided that being as friendly and direct as possible was the way to go, as she doubted the drunk girls could make out any form of subtlety.

Miranda was about to refuse, but Holly’s bladder contracted once more, and the shorter girl moaned and gave in, “Ok, sure, let’s do it! Be quick, I’m literally about to explode!” With a nod, Emily helped Holly pull down her pants and panties, and managed to hold her just still enough to insert the end of the catheter into her exposed pussy’s peehole. Emily’s practiced hand then inserted the other end into her own, and 20 seconds later things were secure and Emily told Holly to release. Holly needed no further command, as she instantly sagged down while the pressure of the torturous urine subsided and it began flowing through the tubing and into Emily’s mammoth organ.

Holly was moaning in relief, and her pee stream continued on for a good minute. By the end, Emily’s bladder had expanded more and showed quite well on her abdomen, but she put on a smile as she helped the exhausted Holly remove the catheter from her nether regions. She then gestured to Miranda, who hesitated for only a moment before crying, “Oh fuck it, I gotta go!”. She ran up to Emily and the process was repeated, only Miranda was apparently in control of a substantially larger bladder than her cohort, and it took nearly two full minutes for her to empty completely. This time Emily unhooked the catheter from both of them, and the girls got a look at her bladder bulge, which now looked abnormal and was jutting outwards from her frame. “Oh my God, Emily! You must be dying! How can you just stand there like that??”

Miranda gasped, while Holly made to reach out and touch the giant bulge before retracting her hand. Emily was sweating a bit now, but again she simply smiled and told the girls, “Oh, don’t worry about me! I’ve got the bladder capacity for a job like this, so it shouldn’t be a problem to have a little more urine built up inside me.” It was taking a decent effort for Emily to keep up her air of remaining unaffected, but she was still totally in control and had plenty of room to spare, if need be. Miranda was still in a state of shock, but then Holly blurted out, “You’re so awesome, Emily! You must have a gallon drum down there! Say, this is nuts, but I kind of liked that, now that it’s over with. Can we pee into you again if we have to go? Could you still handle that?”

Emily thought about it for a moment, estimating her gigantic capacity against the well-endowed capacities of the college girls, and decided she’d still be alright, “Yes girls, you know, it may be a bit of a challenge, but what’s the fun in not having a challenge? Why don’t you two relieve yourselves into me whenever you need for the rest of the weekend, and we’ll see if I can’t just keep it all corked up.” Holly immediately fist pumped and high fived Emily, who couldn’t help but grin at her enthusiasm, and while Miranda took a few seconds longer to come around to Emily’s plan, eventually she took another look at the overflowed toilet and decided that Emily’s megabladder was a better place to store her urine. “Ok Emily, count me in as well.” Miranda told her, and Emily nodded happily before pulling her own pants back on and going to let Dale back into the room.

After a few minutes of awkward small talk, the college girls decided to take a nap to try and sleep off their drunkenness, so Emily and Dale took the opportunity to leave the hotel room and take a relaxing walk through the countryside. It’s not like they had much choice, as the amount of activities strewn about this quaint town was nearly zero. As the two walked, Dale couldn’t help but direct the conversation back to Emily’s protruding bladder. “Dear, I don’t know how you’re managing to walk around so normally! Your bladder looks like it’s about to burst out of your skin!” Dale said, giving the bulge a small rub. Emily didn’t so much as wince at the touch, though she replied, “Yes, there’s a lot of pressure now! My strong bladder will hold it in, but things could get very interesting with Miranda and Holly going forward…..I may have extended my offer to them….”

“What do you mean?” Dale asked quizzically. “I hope you’re ok with it, but I decided to let them pee into me all weekend! I thought that would be a better challenge, and I know you’d like to see me push myself.” Emily responded with a blush. Dale stared at her, open-mouthed, for a few seconds, then quietly asked, “Are you sure you’ll be able to stretch your large bladder enough to hold so much urine? You’re already holding a full day’s worth of your own pee, my pee, and now two bladder’s worth of pee from some college girls! You must have limits!” Emily gave him a playful rub on the back, “Don’t worry about me, honey. Let’s see if I can do this for you! I’ll try my hardest! Even though I definitely am filling up, I can store up more urine if I wish.”
