Emily Gets A Date

Author: holditin

*000*2018-07-10 18:30

They returned to the hotel room just as Miranda and Holly were waking up. Emily suggested that they all go out to dinner together, and when Dale offered to pay, the girls were more than willing to join in. Holly seemed to be fidgety as they left, owing to the extra beer going through her system as she slept, but she said nothing and the four departed for a nice restaurant that the girls had passed by on their earlier escapades. They all ate and drank their fill, and when they returned to the hotel room, Holly was bursting once more, trying not to run in place as Dale opened the door. Dale was also professing an urgent need, and so the two of them took turns going into the bathroom with Emily and emptying out their full bladders into her own massive holding tank.

Emily was now quite full and doing her best not to show any signs of bladder pain to the group, and thankfully for her, everyone was pretty tired from the day’s adventures, so they sat in the hotel room and watched television until the evening turned to night. Everyone had consumed some beverages from the hotel room’s mini-fridge, and while Holly and Dale only felt a moderate need, Miranda hadn’t gone since her earlier relief into Emily some 6 or 7 hours ago, and her larger bladder was showing some serious signs of strain. None of the three were accustomed to sleeping without a before bed pee, and so they lined up in the bathroom with Emily and all did their business once more, urinating through the catheter into Emily. Miranda’s pee took a minute and a half, and she noticed Emily clenching her jaw when she was finished.

“Sorry, I’ve always been able to go a lot…..though nothing quite like you, I’m sure! Are you sure you’re ok, though?” Miranda asked, but Emily wiped the tension off her face and gave her a reassuring nod. Dale was last to enter, and he marveled at Emily’s explosive bladder bulge and couldn’t help but feel her up before she urged him along with a stifled laugh. Despite the discomfort, Emily was a big fan of how much Dale ravished her and her iron bladder. Still, Dale noticed a small grimace come to Emily’s face briefly as he relieved his 20 second stream into her. “How are you holding up, love?” he whispered, so that the girls could not hear from outside the bathroom door. “It’s pretty bad,” Emily admitted, “That Miranda has a bladder like a horse, and she can piss like one too!”

She saw Dale’s face morph into a mixture of arousal and concern and continued, “But I’m certainly not about to give up! My enormous bladder’s never let me down before, so it will just have to make some more room for me! Don’t think about anything but how much you enjoy seeing me so full!” Dale gave her swollen abdomen one more rub and then kissed her until she pushed him away, “Gosh my full bladder makes you randy! But calm down just a little, we can’t be in here too long or the girls will know exactly what we’re doing!”

Dale seemed like he could care less what the girls thought at this point, such was his lust for his bladder queen, but Emily pulled up her pants and cleaned up the catheter, so he had no choice but to follow her out of the bathroom and into bed. Dale and Emily took one bed, and Miranda and Holly shared the other. Three of them got to sleep easily, and while the fourth had a good deal of tension simmering in her pelvic region, she eventually drifted off to sleep as well.

Dale’s phone alarm blared through the hotel room and woke up the groggy foursome sharply at 7 am. Amidst grumbles about needing 10-12 hours more of sleep, the four of them dressed and readied themselves for Courtney’s big day. Emily’s bladder, now 37 hours full, had continued to fill over the night, and her lower abdomen had taken on the shape of a blimp, but she still allowed Holly and Dale to have their morning pees into her. Miranda refused, explaining that her bladder could hold a good deal more and that she often skipped her morning urination. Holly thought she was crazy, but Miranda chuckled and pointed at Emily, “Just ask Emily – sometimes a big bladder can come in handy!” They went down to the hotel’s dining area to get breakfast, running into many of the other wedding guests, and Dale was forced to introduce Emily to a lot of extended family members that had not had the pleasure of meeting her yet.

Emily, dressed in a cute blue dress that normally hung loose around her middle (but now was fairly tight), stood and made small talk, though sweat was evident on her brow and she was struggling not to shake her legs. When Dale was finally able to guide her to a table to eat, she groaned, “Oh my, I haven’t been desperate like this in ages! You guys are really giving my bladder a good workout!” She rubbed her midsection and Dale asked her once more if she was sure she wanted to carry on through the wedding ceremony in this state. “Oh honey, did you hear me say I wanted to let any of this pee out? I know you want it to stay inside and keep expanding my huge bladder, so that’s what we’ll let it do. Let’s see how far I can stretch it out for you!” They talked about other things for the rest of breakfast, with Dale unable to tear his eyes away from Emily’s ever so subtle fidgeting when a fierce urge rocked her.

The wedding took place in an open field behind the hotel promptly at 11 am. With the hills, covered in a light fog, sloping up and down behind them, and the sun shining down, Emily couldn’t help but be impressed with how picturesque the whole thing looked. Courtney and her now-husband, Patrick, certainly agreed, as Courtney’s tears flowed throughout the ceremony and Patrick seemed not far behind. Emily noted that many of the women in the audience were weeping as well, but Miranda stood out as one of the few who was not.

Emily thought she looked decidedly uncomfortable, sitting up in her chair and crossing her legs every so often. ‘Why, she looks just like how I feel!’ Emily thought, and then, looking downwards and seeing her own legs crossed over each other, she modified that thought, ‘Maybe she looks just how I look as well!’. Despite her best efforts, Emily was not able to uncross her legs for more than a few minutes during the proceedings without causing a scene, and so she kept them tightly crossed and kept her hurting bladder clamped shut. Dale seemed unable to spend more than 10 seconds at a time looking in the direction of the newlyweds, as he was continuously staring at Emily’s lower half, but Emily would be lying if she said she didn’t like the extra attention.

The ceremony concluded at noon, and Emily felt a sharp pain in her bladder and winced as she stood to applaud the happy couple. Undaunted, she forgave herself for this obvious show of bladder distress, noting that anyone who hadn’t peed in 42 hours would probably do the same thing. Dale noticed and rubbed her lower back, and Emily showed her appreciation by leaning into him for a standing cuddle as Courtney and Patrick walked up the aisle and passed them by. It was time for the cocktail hour, but as the guests began packing up their things to head back into the hotel, Dale put his head down to Emily’s ear and whispered, “I’m sorry if this is inconvenient, love, but I really must drain the snake again, if you know what I’m saying.”

Emily nodded and replied, “No problem, dear! That’s what I’m here for, even in the condition I’m in right now! Shall we see if the girls want to have some relief as well?” Before Dale could object, Emily spotted Holly in the crowd and gave a shy wave followed by a discreet point of her finger to her bulging abdomen, and Holly greeted this request with an enthusiastic nod.

She walked over hastily, her purse clutched over her crotch, and exclaimed, “Oh thank goodness! I was hoping you’d say that! I had to go during the ceremony but didn’t want to interrupt things!” Emily laughed, then picked Miranda out and gestured a similar offer. Surprisingly, even though Emily could see distinct signs of a girl who really needed a pee, Miranda shook her head and walked back into the hotel. Emily noticed that Holly was watching as well, and Holly added, “That girl….she’s a camel! At least I thought she was, until I met you Emily!” Emily thanked her for the compliment, and Holly replied, “No problem! Now, less talk, more walk, or else I’m gonna have to water the garden over there!”

Emily, Holly, and Dale made their way back to their room, and once more Emily allowed them both to empty their bladders into her. Emily’s bladder was now swollen out to unforgiving levels, and the urge to pee was both constant and pressing. “How are you feeling?” Dale asked as the last of his stream went through the catheter and into Emily’s peehole, while Holly sat outside on the bed, relieved.

“I’d say I have to go urgently now……but of course I won’t! Let’s find out just how much more urgent we can make it, huh? I don’t mind, even though now I’m really uncomfortable.” Emily told him, cradling her rock hard bladder in her hands and putting slight pressure directly below the pubic bone to try and relieve some of the tension in her lower half. Her bladder was beginning to ask for relief in very strong terms, yet still Emily was intent on denying it. Dale, shockingly, was in agreement with Emily’s plan to let it get worse, and so the three of them went back down to the hotel’s lobby, where the guests were drinking and chatting, waiting for the large dining area to open up for the reception.

To Dale’s great surprise, Emily helped herself to a few of the small cocktail glasses while they waited, and besides the occasional fidget, she seemed to be keeping herself mostly under control. A few of the guests had come up to her and asked her if she was pregnant, as the bulge of her bladder was obvious through her dress at this point, but she laughed it off and replied to them that she just liked to eat. By 1:30 pm, the doors to the hotel’s main hall opened up, and everyone stormed inside to eat as much food as they could, dance their hearts out, drink until they puked, and maybe celebrate the wedding of the bride and groom if they could spare a few minutes. Neither Emily nor Dale were big dancers, but they both went out and did their best on a few slower tunes.

Emily’s bladder was really presenting her with problems, as it did not like the extra movement associated with dancing, and it began to rebel quite strongly. Dale noticed as Emily brought her legs together quite sharply, but Emily joked to him, “For once, I’m willing to go out and dance and my bladder decides to ruin it! What are the odds of that?” Her face was red as she said it, from the effort it was taking to control herself, but she forced herself to squirm through one more song before mercifully returning to their table with Dale.

However, Emily did not put any restrictions on her liquid intake, even with her bladder crying out in distress, and helped herself to multiple glasses of water and iced tea over the course of the afternoon, her legs staying crossed under the table. She also encouraged Dale to drink his normal amount when he contemplated holding off for her sake, telling him, “It would be cheating otherwise, honey, don’t you think? Come on, am I the type of girl who can’t handle a little urine in her bladder?” Throughout the afternoon, she also noticed that Miranda and Holly were imbibing as much alcohol as they could get into their systems, but neither girl came to her for relief.

The reception party lasted a few hours, not winding down until 6 pm. Dale and Emily were beginning to pick up their things to leave when Holly bounded over to them, and Emily noted that she was putting one hand in between her legs when she thought no one else was looking. “Emily….I’ve been holding it all afternoon….and I wasn’t sure if the invitation was still open for you to help me out? Tell me quick or I’ve gotta get to the women’s room!” she pleaded, her eyes darting around. Emily started to take her up to their room, but then she got a fun idea and said, “How about we both go to the women’s room? Let’s do it in there!” Emily had anticipated the girls asking for relief much sooner during the reception, so she had come prepared with the double ended catheter stuck snugly in her purse. Thankfully, the restroom was empty, so both women entered into the same cramped stall and locked the door, unable to stifle some giggles.

“This is so naughty!” Holly exclaimed, pulling down her pants and panties while Emily helped her with the catheter. Emily thought to herself that she hadn’t done something this wild….well….ever, but this weekend was about pushing limits. Emily gave her the ok, and Holly gasped as the urine left her and flowed once again into Emily’s swollen bladder. Emily grunted at this additional influx, her bladder most unhappy with her for this decision. But she bore the pain and let Holly relieve her full minute long piss into her.

As Holly thanked her profusely and removed the catheter, Emily felt that she was now close to bursting point. Her bladder was quaking, and the dam of her sphincter was showing serious signs of strain. The fact that she was standing directly over an inviting toilet bowl was not diminishing her struggles any, but Emily displayed some serious force of will and clenched her peehole shut with double the intensity. That calmed her bladder down enough for them both to leave the stall without further incident, but Emily’s bladder was now throbbing with every step she took.

When the girls got back to Dale at their table, Holly gave Emily a hug and thanked her once more, then let her know that she and Miranda would be leaving soon, so she’d go and get all of their belongings from the room. Without further ado, she left to gather everything up. Dale and Emily chatted for a few more minutes, but before they could get any further, Miranda hobbled across the dance floor and up to Emily, panic etched on her face. She was sweating and her hair was unkempt and matted.

“Emily! Please – don’t go! I….I need you! I haven’t gone all day and I just can’t keep it in any longer!” Without thinking of her current situation, Emily replied, “My, you seem to be in grave distress! Yes, come on at once, let’s help you out and get you comfortable again!” The two women slowly walked back to the women’s room, with Emily only able to hobble along slightly faster than the desperate Miranda. The bathroom was still empty, by some miracle, so they went into a stall together and both desperately fidgeted out of their bottoms.

“Why did you hold it so long, dear? You know you could have come to me earlier! My bladder has been open for service!” Emily told her, and Miranda replied with her voice shaking from desperation, “Um…….ok…..don’t be mad…..But I got kinda curious after last night. I wanted to push your limits, and my own, so I drank a whole bunch and I haven’t peed in around 20 hours! I’m absolutely dying to go!” Emily nodded, “It’s only natural to be curious, and I guess I did bring this on myself after all! I know how you feel – even my 48 hour bladder is begging for some relief! But come on, let’s get that pent up piss out of you!”

They hooked up the catheter and Miranda couldn’t even wait for Emily to give her the signal. As soon as both ends were secured in each woman’s peehole, Miranda almost shouted and sank to the ground, the urine pouring out of her like a faucet on full blast. It was streaming through the catheter at record speeds, and Emily couldn’t help but let an “Ahhhhh!” out as her hurting bladder was expanded more rapidly than ever before. She began breathing deeply to try and concentrate and block out the additional pain. Miranda’s pee gushed on and on, and Emily thought that it was a good thing she was urinating so forcefully, because otherwise she didn’t know if her bladder would have allowed the urine to enter.

Her bladder was now bloating out to positively obscene proportions, and Emily began grunting in pain as Miranda’s flow continued, unabated. It didn’t stop until 2 and a half minutes had gone by, and Emily was sure that the college girl had managed to add close to 2 liters to her own gargantuan load. After taking a minute to collect herself, Miranda realized the enormity of the bladder bulge opposite her and cried, “Oh, Emily, that’s crazy! Where are you possibly putting it all??”

Now Emily was shaking in desperation, her exhausted, overinflated bladder threatening to overwhelm her, but she managed to get out, “I think I’m at max capacity, Miranda. Thank goodness you didn’t have any more in there! You may not have as much room as me, but you’ve certainly got a very large bladder for a girl your age!” Miranda took charge and helped Emily remove the catheter, as Emily’s need was now so urgent that even her hands were shaking, but after confirming that Emily still did not want the toilet and was determined to wait it out, Miranda helped her pull up her pants, and together they exited the stall.

Dale was in a state of shock as he watched his strong girlfriend hobble towards him like a schoolgirl who’d missed a break. Emily was huffing and puffing as her bladder contracted angrily. Quickly, Dale thanked Miranda for bringing her back in one piece, then informed her of Holly’s departure, so Miranda thanked them once more and then left to find Holly. “Are you ok??” Dale asked Emily as soon as Miranda was out of earshot. “Honey, I’m burstingly full! That Miranda was holding quite a load! It’s very difficult to keep this inside!” Emily moaned, fanning her legs in and out as she sat at their table. “Come on, you’ve done so well, let’s just get you back to the toilets and then we can drive home.” Dale insisted. Emily groaned as she forced her legs to be still and held only with the power of her titanium sphincter, then told Dale firmly, “Absolutely not! I’m not complaining about all the urine inside me – I’m just stating a fact.

I feel like my back teeth are floating, but I told you I wanted a challenge, and this most certainly is one. Just think about it, Dale. I’ve got a piss that I’ve been holding inside for 2 full days, 48 hours, and I’m also holding in all of your piss in that time….and I’m even holding in over a day’s worth of piss from two college girls who bloated out their bladders by drinking all the time! That has to excite you, doesn’t it?” Emily moved her hand discreetly to Dale’s crotch under the table, and found him to be so hard that it was like touching diamond. Dale actually emitted an involuntary grunt as Emily’s hand made contact with his throbbing member, and for Emily, that settled things. She looked Dale right in the eye and told him, “No matter how painful this is, I’m going to burn out all of my endurance to hold this in for you. Now let’s get everything packed up and get to the car before I spring a leak!”

At Dale’s suggestion, Emily waited at the table while he ran up to their room to fetch their luggage. Truth be told, it was probably smarter that way, because Emily was sure she’d be a liability to Dale with how slowly she’d have to walk to make it back to the room. Her lower half was inflamed with pain. She couldn’t remember ever filling her bladder to such a degree. She’d thought she was about maxed out before Miranda’s final load, but that girl had sent her bladder capacity into the stratosphere.

Emily could feel her peehole fighting her, wanting to release and blow out all of her long held pee. It was like her body knew that her natural limit had finally been reached and was trying to save itself from harm by releasing, but Emily’s mind refused this request. She still had the final say over whether or not her sphincter muscle let go, though if she continued to clench it as hard as she was having to, she wasn’t sure how long she had until it became too tired to conform to her wishes. Emily closed her eyes, set her jaw, and reaffirmed to herself that she would hold it as long as was necessary. It was the least she could do for her loving boyfriend.

Besides, taking the urine of Miranda and Holly had been her idea, and she was prepared to suffer for it. It felt like hours before Dale returned, but was probably no more than 15 minutes. He had packed the bags away into the car, so all Emily had to do was stand up and walk out of the hotel and to the car with him. This proved to be much more difficult than originally anticipated, but with a herculean display of willpower, Emily managed to stand straight, ignoring the wails of her aching, overstretched bladder, and walked with small, fleeting steps all the way to the car, Dale’s arm placed around her lower back for support the entire way.

“You’re so good to me,” Emily smiled at him and gave him a kiss as he helped her into the passenger seat. “And you to me!” Dale exclaimed, kissing her again with more vigor. Emily reciprocated until an especially sharp pang from her bladder reminded them both that they were on a very time-sensitive schedule. “Ok, let’s get you home! Don’t have a wee on the car seat!” Dale laughed, and Emily socked him lightly on the shoulder, “I have never done such a thing and I don’t plan on it! But please hit the gas, honey.” Dale obliged, and they were on their way.

The drive went along just fine for the first two hours. Emily alternated between sitting straight up and bouncing her legs, and hunching over and not moving a single part of her body. It was clear to Dale that her primed and ready to explode bladder was the only thing on her mind, so he kept the small talk to a minimum. For her part, Emily continued to believe that she had never felt so full in all her life, and yet the drinks from the reception kept running through her and making her even fuller.

She was apparently cursed with the most efficient kidneys that one could ask for. But she did not complain – she simply sat and controlled herself like a lady, as she knew this was what Dale wanted to see most. Even when a series of powerful spasms ripped through her bladder and threatened to dislodge the liters of pee, Emily growled in frustration and crossed her legs, keeping her pee stopped up by any means necessary. But she was happy that they would soon be back at Dale’s house, because Emily could feel that her bladder was reaching critical levels of fullness.

Her iron sphincter was finally tiring out, and Emily was starting to sense that it might open up for just a second even as she clenched it to the maximum. And then, just an hour from home, disaster struck. Emily was looking downwards, focusing on keeping control of the distended 50 hour bladder that was seemingly taking up all of the space from her stomach to her thighs, when the car slowly ground to a halt. “Are we back already?” Emily asked, confused, but Dale shook his head in fear and pointed ahead of them, “Traffic jam, love.”

He turned and looked at her shaking, maxed out body as the car stopped, stuck in line behind hundreds of others, and asked, “Are you going to be alright?” Emily sensed genuine concern in his voice, and she was no longer sure that she could hold it in, but in the back of her mind a voice screamed at her that this was for Dale, drowning out any thoughts of giving in and pissing at the roadside, and Emily gave him a firm nod and replied gravely, “It hurts like mad but I’m going to hold it in. No matter what, I’m going to hold it in.”

For the next hour, Emily managed to maintain some semblance of her composure. Her leg crossing, bouncing, and fanning was becoming more frequent, as were the periods where she simply couldn’t move a muscle, but she was staying in control of the hot, bursting load inside her. “Well, you’ve done it,” Dale told her as the time turned to 9 pm, “We would have been home by now if not for this bloody traffic jam, and you would have been able to take a well-deserved pee.” Emily somehow produced a small smile, “Yes, honey, but unfortunately it wasn’t so easy. So I will just have to keep my enormous bladder closed off for a while longer. I refuse to pee before that, even though I think my eyes are turning yellow!” But as the traffic dragged on, the car moving only inches at a time, Emily’s perfect composure slowly started to break. One hand had been creeping nearer and nearer to her crotch for many minutes, and finally it became lodged there.

The second hand soon followed the first. Emily’s bladder was no longer throbbing in pain – the pain was a constant, white hot agony going from her pussy up past her navel. Even Emily’s thighs were getting weary from straining so constantly to keep the unholy pressure at bay. Eventually Emily was forced into the fetal position, her head down, both hands clutching desperately between shaking legs, shutting off a pussy that was threatening to burst open with long held waters. Dale could scarcely believe how strong Emily was, and for as much as he hated to see his girl in pain, his erection was so hard that it was nearly ripping open his jeans.

The clock reached 10 pm, then 11 pm. Emily had remained in the fetal position the entire time – Dale felt that perhaps her control was unbreakable. The only difference was that now she was moaning as well, and would sometimes remove one hand from between the vicegrip of her thighs to rub her horribly distended bladder. Emily, on the other hand, felt her control slipping away. She was clenching and re-clenching her sphincter every second, and still felt it on the verge of opening up. Only her resolute willpower, and her bladder’s tremendous capacity, kept her from unleashing the flood all over the car. But she could feel that time was running out, even as she promised herself once more that she would not be pissing until she was safely in Dale’s bathroom, no matter what.

Then, as suddenly as the traffic jam had begun, it dispersed. Cars began driving off and reaching highway speeds, though Dale made sure to slowly increase his speed so as not to jolt Emily’s blown out bladder. It was a good five minutes before Emily was able to lift her head, look out the window, and acknowledge that they were finally making progress again. “Thank goodness,” she said to Dale, and he could tell that it took all of her energy to keep her voice level as she spoke. “You’ll be home in a jiffy, dear,” he told her, and she returned to the fetal position, praying that her exhausted sphincter could hold out against the incessant demands of her terribly maligned, sore bladder. By some minor miracle, with her control on the very edge, sphincter twitching madly, Dale pulled into his driveway and Emily was still in command of her entire aching, ponderous load of piss that had now been contained within her 54 torturous hours.

Dale swiftly exited the car and did his best to help his bursting girlfriend inside – it took her a full five minutes to gather the will to stand without pissing all over his driveway. Both hands glued to her crotch, Emily limped inside with Dale just behind. At last, she reached his bathroom, and she entered it, regarding the toilet as one would a deity. But just as she lifted the seat and sat herself on the bowl, Emily looked back at Dale to make sure he had a proper view of the explosion that was about to take place, and instead saw him fidgeting and putting a hand over his crotch.

With what little part of her mind she could devote to thinking about something other than fiercely holding in her urine for moments longer, Emily paused and asked, “Oh, Dale…..do you need to use the bathroom? How long has it been??” Dale gasped, his desperation purely evident now that he was so close to his own toilet, “Twelve….twelve hours, love. Since just after Courtney’s ceremony, if you recall. I…I saw you in so much distress that I’ve been trying to put on a brave face for you….but I’m afraid I’m on the verge of wetting myself as well…”

Emily considered for only a moment before telling him firmly, “Well honey….the invitation is still open. Piss into me.” Dale eyed her incredulously, “Em….think about this….there’s no way you can take all this as well! You’re about to erupt!” Emily smiled and licked her lips, “You’d like that, wouldn’t you, Dale? Finally breaking my iron bladder….making me piss involuntarily….just because I couldn’t contain it a second longer….” Dale still looked concerned, but his desperation and arousal was winning out once more, so Emily continued, “Go on, run and get the catheter! Let’s see if I can take it!”

Dale nodded and hobbled back to the car, while Emily cradled her impossibly large bladder with one hand and groped her vagina as hard as she could with the other. Pure, constant pressure was the only way to hold in all the piss that wanted desperately to spray out from her shivering peehole. Dale took a few minutes to return, and in those few minutes Emily felt her control reach the very edge of her breaking point. She was sure she had only seconds left before piss rocketed out of her, but Dale was not back yet and she’d be damned if she’d held it for over two days only to lose it without him watching. With a last gasp of incredible effort, Emily staved off her ocean and held it at bay, now shouting with the effort and shaking her legs this way and that, and finally Dale returned, catheter in hand.

They were both almost too desperate to complete the process. Neither of their hands wanted to work without quivering, and the effort it took to remove them from their own crotches in the first place was almost overwhelming. Emily was still seated on the toilet, which was causing her bladder to scream at her with a ferocity she had not before experienced, but she was operating on adrenaline alone and her sphincter was clamping with its last vestiges of power. Her bladder spasms were going into overdrive, yet still Emily somehow resisted the maddening urge to piss out the urine that was threatening to explode her gargantuan bladder.

Even Dale’s bladder was bloated out from his half day of holding, though it was nothing compared to the perfect sphere of Emily’s 54 hour swollen, almost turgid bulge. Emily’s bladder was so hard to the touch that she felt it was only seconds from popping. After a desperate struggle, the catheter was in place on both ends, and Dale yelled out as he unloaded his 12 hour bladder into Emily. As the urine flowed into her overstretched bladder, Emily yelled out as well, even louder than Dale. She couldn’t help it – she was just so full, too full, fuller than it was possible to be, and yet Dale’s pee continued to go through the tubing and into her, making her bladder stretch yet again to accommodate it.

After a minute of pissing, Dale’s flow was slowing down, but Emily’s bladder could finally take no more. She began yelling louder and louder as her iron control over her sphincter wavered for the first time in over 54 hours and a spurt shot out of her. It came out so forcefully and so thick that some of it actually spurted around the catheter and out of her completely, landing with a drip in the toilet. “Dale…I….” she moaned, but Dale was too focused on emptying his own bladder.

Shaking, Emily redoubled her efforts, but after only another five seconds of Dale’s piss entering her, her sphincter gave in again, spurting for a full second before she could bring it back under control. Emily’s face was now going totally red from effort, as she crossed her thighs over one another, being mindful of the catheter in between them, and squeezed for all she was worth.

It worked, but only for a few seconds, as her bladder had finally reached the limit of its endurance. Her sphincter began unclenching involuntarily, despite Emily’s ridiculous efforts to continue controlling herself for Dale. She desperately wanted to continue holding in his load, but her bladder could take no more. The spurts were becoming more regular and growing in duration, with one lasting a full five seconds before she could corral the flow. “Dale….I….” she tried again, making a last ditch effort to stave off disaster and contain her ocean of overdue piss.

One second passed, then two, then three. Dale was still enjoying his relief, oblivious to his girlfriend, who was on the verge of total eruption. It was taking everything she had, an ungodly display of self-control, for Emily to keep re-clamping down on her utterly exhausted sphincter after every spurt. She was now past her limits, and after another five second spurt left her body, Emily clenched her sphincter as hard as she could and found that it would not close enough to stop her pee any longer. With a crazy effort, Emily was able to slow the flow to a trickle, but it would not be stopped completely – her amazingly strong sphincter was simply too worn out to squeeze fully like she needed. “Dale!” she cried, and finally he raised his eyes and looked at her. “What is it love?” he asked, removing the catheter from his still-dripping penis.

“I’m at my limit!” Emily screamed, and without further warning she ripped out the catheter in one motion from her stretched peehole and urine began to torrent out of her, unabated, into the inviting toilet bowl beneath her thighs. “Ughhhhhhhhhhh!” Emily half-moaned, half-shouted, as the insane volume of piss left her body. Her muscles were fully released for the first time in over two days, and the pleasure of letting out her long overdue piss was nearly too much for the girl to handle.

Dale could only watch on in amazement as Emily’s bladder continued to contract and send the piss flying out of her like her pussy was a bathtub faucet on full blast. “Oh my Goddddd…..” Emily continued to cry out as her piss stretched into its third minute at the same impressive flow rate. Dale had seen all he could, and was now furiously stroking his own member. As Emily’s piss kept going into minute number four, Dale sent his own eruption of cum directly onto Emily’s tits and stomach. Emily was able to give a sly smile before getting lost in the enormous pleasure of her long-held release once more.

After seven minutes of the greatest piss Emily had ever taken, the pee finally dripped to a halt. Emily sat back on the toilet, too exhausted to move, covered in sweat and cum, while Dale was sitting and gathering his breath on the edge of the bathtub. Eventually they made eye contact. They both looked a sorry mess, and before long Dale had started to chuckle. “What’re you laughing for?” Emily spat out, trying to sound irritated but failing miserably, and soon she was laughing as well. Then they were both laughing, at each other, at the situation, at the sight of themselves, and most importantly, at the fact that it had all turned out alright. Emily had not pissed in the car. She had not pissed at the wedding. She had gone to extreme lengths to control herself, and she had succeeded at not giving in the entire time they were together in public.

As they calmed down, Emily told him, “You know…I am a little disappointed. I really wanted to hold it for you there at the end! To show you I can hold it no matter what! But I just couldn’t, the pressure was too much.” Dale barely let her finish before replying, “Oh, Em, my goodness, you held in more than I could have dreamed! You did brilliantly! I’ve heard stories from Courtney about how Miranda would always hold in her pee for hours and had a bladder of steel, and you held in multiple loads from her, as well as Holly’s pee, my pee, and even your own pee for well over 50 hours! That’s incredible!” Emily blushed, “Well….when you put it like that, I guess I did do pretty well, huh? Did you enjoy it?” Dale laughed again, “I think the cum on your tits is answer enough for that!” Emily smiled, wiped a finger over her breasts, and then put it in her mouth and sucked, nearly making Dale fall over and into the bathtub.

“Aww, well, you know, I really did like being your perfect bladder of steel girl. I need to practice though, and we need to try again! I want to show you that I can hold even more than this, and I’m sure with your help and motivation I’ll be able to! It will make me happy, and I know for a fact that it will make you happy as well! What do you say? Will you help me on this quest for invincible bladder control?” Dale didn’t reply, instead rising and leaving the bathroom without a word. Emily sat on the toilet in confusion. Had she really misread the situation that badly? Was that not exactly what Dale wanted….and the more she thought about it, what she wanted as well? But then Dale returned, carrying two bottles of water.

He gave one to Emily, then took the other, unscrewed the cap, and began to drink. “Well, Em, if that’s what we’re going to do, then you better train up! I think we both need to get a lot more hydrated!” Emily grinned and began chugging down her own bottle. “And I’m sure,” she told him, “that with your weakened bladder, you’ll be needing to let your bursting pee out again before too long. And I know just the place for you to put it.” Emily held up the catheter, and the two lovebirds shared a kiss before finishing off their waters and going to the kitchen for more.

*010*2018-07-18 01:44

Thanks for all the nice words! I'm glad you all liked this one!

Yes, like FullBladder85 said, there are a few of the more recent stories that I only posted on the Holding It board. Fingers crossed that the board comes back, but of course I have no idea whether it will or not at this point. Probably I'll get around to posting those stories on here or on Deviantart or somewhere

$$
