My Eccentric Boss

Author: herrokitty

*000*2021-09-26 00:44

@ed2 had a couple ideas for me to write. I wanted to wait until I had more to post but with work being crazy busy I know I'd never get it done so I thought I'd post what I had now and add to it later. This is a story about an office worker who has a boss who prioritizes work over going to the bathroom.

I couldn’t believe my luck. I was hired by Berkshire Hathaway, the tenth largest company by revenue in the entire world. No one has heard of it because it wasn’t producing anything in and of itself, but it was a conglomerate that managed household brands like GEICO, Duracell, Fruit of the Loom, and Dairy Queen. I wasn’t working for one of those companies - I was working for the company that owned them all. Frankly, if I wasn’t so focused on my personal career, I’d probably notice how dystopian it is that most brands are all owned by the same handful of companies.

I had majored in finance in college, but never imagined myself working in the upper echelons of the industry. After college, I had worked my way from real estate to managing a small insurance company and even spent a stint on Wall Street while getting an MBA, but I was hired directly into a Mergers & Acquisitions team on the recommendation of an old business professor who knew Warren Buffett directly. Thank goodness he took a liking to me, as at the age of 30 I expected I would be the youngest by far on the team. I had interviewed with the HR team for the corporate HQ and met two others on the team, but I had not actually met the team lead; it was supposed to be a four person team. The two I met were typical, 40-50 year old white men you’d expect to find in American corporate finance (their names were Michael and Jerry) and were, frankly, a bore, discussing golf in their free time, but at least they were easy to impress and easy to schmooze to get the job.

On my first day of work, dressed in my nicest suit and trying to appear less nervous than I was, I was proven wrong on the age front. On the fourteenth floor of the humble HQ building of Kiewit Plaza in downtown Omaha, I was directed by the receptionist to a corner office. The door said: “Jessica Graber”. She must be the lead for the mergers and acquisitions team I was on. I hesitated a moment then knocked on the door. A muffled “Come in” came through, so I opened the door.

I expected someone in their fifties, experienced in the corporate sector and at the apex of their career, but I was instead greeted by a woman that had to be in her thirties at the latest, though I suspect she could pass as her twenties. I was shocked. Her straight blonde hair, unblemished skin, and fit looking body was all clear to see and made her long young despite the black blazer and no nonsense pencil skirt. She was standing at her desk, which could be raised or lowered for a standing or sitting height.

She must have seen the surprise on my face. “Were you expecting an old fart? Come, sit down.”

I was also surprised at how crass she already was - nothing unexpected in casual settings, but corporate world was known to be uptight. I walked up to her desk, shook her hand, and took a seat beside her desk. She lowered her desk (it was automated) and sat down as well.

We exchanged pleasantries and she talked me through the work - they were currently working on selling their holdings on airline companies and looking to see what industry to break into instead with that sale - then she gave me a tour of the floor, introducing me to the two offices south of her corner office, reintroducing myself to Michael and Jerry. She then led me to my office, which was directly next to hers to the east. I got myself set up as we chatted more about work. The conversation made me feel less nervous - Jessica seemed knowledgeable and focused on the work, but not an old-school corporate type that demanded obedience and subservience at all times. She talked to him like an equal.

After I had things set up, Jessica asked, “So… now that you’re good to go, any questions?”

“Umm… You’ve covered most of them, I think. Well, I was wondering… How did you, uh, get to…”

Jessica filled in the blanks. “How did I get the job? You surprised a woman got it?”

There was an awkward silence then Jessica laughed. “Just busting your chops. I'm not offended by the question at all. It’s really simple. I worked my ass off. I don’t take breaks. I showed dedication.”

I nodded. “I was asking because as someone young in the business, it’s just inspiring to see someone else young in management here.”

Jessica smiled at the compliment. Nice save, I thought to myself. “Well, who knows, maybe you’ll have my job one day. Not before I get a different job, hopefully.”

Suddenly, a loud fart ripped through the room. I stopped myself from jumping in surprise and realized it had to be Jessica. She must be so embarrassed! But no, she was still smiling at me from her joke, like it never happened. I chose not to react, then.

“Definitely not taking anyone’s job. Thanks for showing me around, Jessica.”

“Of course! Familiarize yourself with the materials on your computer - there’s some logistical things for you to work on before the end of day tomorrow, when we’ll have a team meeting at 4 PM. It should be on your calendar already.”

I nodded and she got up to leave. As she walked out the room, I swore I heard a quieter, more subtle squeaky fart but again, no reaction. I could faintly smell it… but it wasn’t too overpowering. After a few seconds I chose to put it out of my mind and get to work.

The next day was uneventful until the team meeting. First, we did a little team builder since I was new. However, when we moved into the agenda and started discussing business, I couldn’t help but notice Jessica’s legs shaking up and down in her grey dress pants. It seemed like she needed to pee but she showed no signs of discomfort on her face or her voice. Aside from some furious leg jiggling and fidgeting, there was no sign she was distracted from her work as we delved into our project, which was to discuss an industry to break into with the profits from our planned selling of our shares in United, Delta, Southwest, and American Airlines. If only the American people realized there wasn’t actually any free choice or competition, I thought momentarily.

The first signs of her desperation breaking her was a fart that slipped out as we divided up industry sectors among us. I was surprised and glanced at the other two guys, but they made no reaction. As Jessica talked, she brazenly grabbed her crotch and crossed her legs, but Michael and Jerry studiously looked at her face as she kept talking. I couldn’t believe she was potty dancing as we were discussing a multibillion dollar transaction. I glanced at her legs - nothing. She uncrossed her legs and paused for a moment. “Excuse me, guys.” She pushed out another fart, this one a lot louder and a little more potent as I smelled a faint odor. She resumed our brainstorm of industries to break into.

As I was watching her desperation and wondering what the hell was happening, I realized everyone was staring at ME. I was distracted and forgot to respond. “Um… Sorry, was just thinking of our current assets. We own DaVita, right? I think we should expand in health care - unless Bernie Sanders wins and gets Medicare for All, it’s always going to be a profitable industry.”

Jessica nodded. “Do it. I’ll arrange the selling. I’m hearing noise about a new virus in China - we should sell before that spreads and tanks the stocks of airlines. And that’ll make health care even more profitable, frankly.”

I sighed a breath of relief that no one noticed my lapse of concentration. After the meeting, Jessica left and I turned to Jerry and Michael. “Hey, uh… weird question. Does Jessica, like, uhh… I don’t know how to ask this…”

Jerry chuckled. “I know what you’re gonna ask. Yeah she’s a weird one, she puts her job above everything. Including bathroom breaks. It happens, you’re gonna have to get used to it.”

Michael nodded. “I’ve seen her pee her pants like it’s nothing before. Nothing gets in the way of the work for her.”

“Fair enough. I won’t judge.”

“Good, as long as you’re open minded about her quirks, she’s the best boss you can ask for in this industry. Most bosses are assholes. She’s nice and she’s competent.”

We said our farewells and returned to our respective offices.

Work was mundane for the rest of the week. However, at the end of the day on Monday the following week, Jessica came into my office to schedule a check-in. Apparently, she wanted to bring me along in negotiating selling the airline. However, all I could focus on was her clearly wet pants (tan dress pants). It wasn’t a small spot, but drenched from her crotch to the seams by her feet. She must have entirely wet herself. She must have noticed me staring because she looked down and then back at me. “Oh don’t worry about this. I was just trying to end my work day on time and decided not to bother with the bathroom. It happens.”

I nodded, pretending it was normal when it was decidedly not, but we moved past that and scheduled our check-in for Wednesday morning after a breakfast meeting she had with a different company.

10 AM Wednesday rolls around and Jessica came hurriedly into my office. She was exactly on time but was still slightly apologetic for being on the run. “Sorry, meeting ran late and had to rush over.”

I reassured her. “No worries, you’re not late. And besides, you’re the boss. Did the meeting go well?”

“It did, but they wanted to talk and talk. I chugged so much coffee just passing the time… it’s going to run right through me.”

I perked up at that but pretended not to. We proceeded to meet and discuss the logistics of a trip she had coming up to seal the deal about selling our airline stock. We would go to Fort Worth to meet with an equity group called Vanguard. They were opening a new HQ there and American Airlines, one of the airlines we were selling stock in, was also headquartered there. Partway through the meeting, though, it was clear Jessica was distracted. Her legs were bouncing as she sat and she had to pause a couple times as she explained the itinerary. I pretended not to notice but eventually she paused before I could hear a hiss and a trickle. I realized she was peeing! I couldn’t see her black slacks at first but she stood up. “Sorry, let me not get urine on your second chair here. The custodian can handle the floor.”

When she stood up, I could see her crotch glistening as the wetness spread down. After a few seconds of peeing, she continued explaining the meeting schedule even as she peed. I had to admit I didn’t remember anything she said as I was hypnotized by her soaking her pants right in front of me. Eventually, the hissing stopped and the trail of wetness died down. I glanced down and saw a puddle on the hardwood a couple feet wide. She continued the rest of the meeting standing as to not get my guest chair wet, and I refocused on our job.

The rest of the meeting went without a hitch aside from smelling of piss. We had our flights and itinerary planned and she was about to head back to her office. Suddenly, she grimaced and let out a fart. I raised an eyebrow, wondering if I was about to witness a double accident. She groaned. “Ugh, that coffee is making me need to poop, too. Oh well, I’ll try and hold it until lunch.”

With that, she left for her office. I called up custodial staff to clean up the puddle and didn’t think anything of Jessica’s desperation until my lunch break. I was about to step out to head to the break room where I had a packed lunch in the refrigerator when I saw Jessica walk past me. She seemed to be waddling slightly and I realized why as I looked down and saw a clear bulge the size of an orange in the seat of her black pants (which now showed no sign of her piss accident). I could smell the load but it wasn’t overpowering. I followed her since it was the route to the break room. When we got to the bathroom doors, she saw me and said, “Well, guess I’m spending my lunch break cleaning this up. Can’t miss a minute of work today.”

With that, she went in and I didn’t see her for the rest of the day.

*001*2021-10-29 18:09

Managed time for a part 2. There is a messing section.

The morning of our trip, I waited in the lobby of our office building for Jessica to meet me. We had a cab reserved but Jessica was late. As I was stowing my luggage in the trunk of the cab, Jessica came hurriedly downstairs with her luggage. “Sorry, Skype meeting went late.”

I reassured her it was no worries and helped her pack her stuff. She was wearing a light brown shirt and cream colored pants. We sat in the back next to each other and the cab took off for the airport. Jessica was quiet in the cab, her left leg bouncing up and down rapidly. She stared out the window, not engaging me in work conversation for once. About halfway into the ride, she swung her right leg over her left leg and crossed them tightly, still bouncing them up and down. Her hands were clasped over her crotch, and I wondered if she was thinking about holding her crotch.

We got to the airport with no incident, though. We grabbed our luggage and made our way through the process. Being a wealthy, prestigious company had its benefits as we could skip the line and immediately check in our baggage and pass the TSA pre-check. However, we still had to go through the absurd full body scanner like everyone else. Since we got to skip much of the process, we didn’t have to wait long, but in that time Jessica was tapping her feet furiously as we stood before the scanner, our carry-ons already through the x-ray machine.

I went in first, standing with my hands above my head, and I saw Jessica quickly grabbed her crotch for a second as she waited for me to finish. I stepped out and grabbed my luggage as I looked back. I saw Jessica wince as she put her hands above her head, her shirt threatening to untuck. As she stepped out, I saw the tiniest hint of a wet spot below her zipper the size of a coin. I pretended I saw nothing and we speed-walked to our gate, knowing we almost certainly had no extra time.

We got to the gate right as they announced our boarding group, which thanks to our company was right behind the military passengers. Without even a chance to take stock of the situation (or find a bathroom if there was one nearby), we hurried in, grabbing our first class seats. I never did understood why the privileged were seated first. Logistically, it makes sense to seat the back of the plane first so no one was blocking the aisle. Personally, I thought it would be more luxurious to have to postpone being stuck inside an airplane the longest. However, Jessica seemed to take getting seated first for granted and didn’t even consider that we could have boarded with everyone else and given herself time to use a bathroom.

I stowed away her carry-on for her and sat down. She took the window seat and our seats were a little apart, since we had actual room in first class. However, I had a plain view of her desperation as she buckled her seatbelt, her legs immediately crossing and her hands covering her crotch. One of her feet tapped the ground impatiently and I wondered if anyone else boarding was watching her shake and tremble in desperation. She lifted her hands to play with the screen to distract herself and I saw the spot had grown a little.

I tried to keep my head pointed forward but was mesmerized as I side eyed her. She was glued to her screen, checking out the in-flight options, but I saw as she scrolled through menus the wet spot glistened and grew. I felt like someone boarding had to notice, but no one said anything. Eventually, she moved away from the screen as the plane closed its doors and prepared for takeoff. During the safety briefing as we were taxiing, she openly held her crotch with her hands, the spot now large enough I could see it even with her hands there.

Soon enough, our plane was ready to take off. We began accelerating on the runway and I wondered how the acceleration would affect Jessica’s bladder. I didn’t have to wonder long. As I glanced over, I saw her remove her hands from her crotch and saw the wet spot glisten and grow consistently. I thought I might have heard a hissing noise but it was hard to tell with the sound of takeoff. By the time we were in the air, the glistening stopped as Jessica seemed to have emptied her bladder. The wetness was clearly down her thighs and I imagine her rear end and her seat were soaked. After we reached a cruising altitude, she pulled out the blanket that we got by being first class. She unbuckled her seat belt and gingerly raised herself out of her seat.

I saw her ass was soaked and I felt like I could see through them just a little to note white full cut panties. Her seat, too, had a clear dark patch. Jessica padded the seat with the blanket and sat on top of it. After she re-buckled her seat she glanced over and saw me staring. I blushed, knowing she knew I watched her the whole time, but she seemed unbothered. She explained, “Instead of holding it I might as well let go now. It should dry by the time we get to our meeting.”

I nodded, not wanting to let on my fascination with her accident. The rest of our flight was uneventful, with us focused on our respective entertainment systems to pass the time. After we landed, I could tell Jessica’s prediction was correct - I saw no evidence of her accident from the front. When I followed her out of the plane, I could see just the faintest outline of a stain, but not something anyone would notice unless they knew what to look for. I could smell the faintest scent of urine, but I doubt those we were meeting would really notice.

Once out of the airport, this was an important enough meeting we were greeted by a private driver sent by Vanguard, a hedge fund group interested in buying a significant segment of our stocks in American Airlines. American Airlines was headquartered in Fort Worth and Vanguard was also opening an office there, facilitating conversations. The trip and meeting itself was unremarkable, with the focus being just pleasantries and introductions. Throughout, Jessica made no hint of self consciousness or embarrassment and was her usual confident, efficient self. I couldn’t help but keep glancing at her butt to see the faintest trace of the wet spot and I thought I could smell urine once or twice, but I knew no one at the meeting, since they weren’t looking for it, would notice.

After, one of the key negotiators from American Airlines took us out to a nice steak dinner - Texas was famous for its beef and steak, after all. I stayed quiet, letting Jessica do most of the small talk. It was, frankly, boring, as rich people have very irrelevant hobbies and interests, in my opinion. But I put on a brave space and chimed in when I could to be friendly. This was all, of course, to help grease the wheels of the sale, not because good manners or being a nice host was really the motivation. The dinner was nice enough, though, and after, the private driver took us to our hotel, the Omni Fort Worth downtown. It wasn’t spectacularly nice for how rich the people we were dealing with were, but it was nicer than any place I stayed at growing up.

On the ride over, I noticed Jessica grimacing a few times. I wondered if she had to go again - she didn’t show any signs of discomfort at the meeting. She winced hard when we got close and crossed her legs, arms around her stomach. I pretended not to notice but had to wonder if she had to pee again or maybe she had to poop. Certainly, we had no breaks since before her morning meeting and she had only peed once - on the plane, in her seat. I’m sure a steak dinner didn’t help her uncomfortable stomach.

We got out and the driver insisted on helping carry the luggage, and Jessica didn’t protest too much. A hotel employee readied the luggage to be taken to our respective rooms as we checked in. I stood behind as Jessica talked to the counter and from behind I could see her butt tightly clenched in her tight, cream colored dress pants. She crossed her legs then uncrossed it when the employee handed her the room keys. The employee, now knowing our two rooms, went ahead to deliver them while the front desk staff person explained the hotel policies and procedures regarding wifi and breakfast. I went up to grab my room’s key from Jessica and as I got closer I could see the smallest hint of a bulge… she was definitely turtleheading and more. Her face gave away no hint of discomfort as she tried to nod along with the front desk employee, though, and she passed me my key.

After another minute, the conversation was finally over and Jessica and I headed to the elevator. I wonder if front desk employee noticed anything. Jessica had one of the top suites of the hotel on the top floor while I had a normal room on the same floor. As we got in the elevator, Jessica turned around to press the button to the top and I could see the bulge was now the size of a golf ball. As she stood waiting for the door to close, I saw it grow slightly again. The door finally closed and she seemed to breathe a sigh of relief and her shoulders lowered a bit as she relaxed.

I watched in fascination as she gave up holding it and fully messed herself in front of me, the bulge growing slowly into the size of an orange before expanding her pants back even more. With a quiet fart, she finally stopped pooping when we got to the top floor. It swayed a little in her seat as we stepped out of the elevator. Something about knowing she was holding that in, the earlier accident, her desperation… all of it combined awakened something inside of me and I couldn’t stop staring at the bulge. However, that meant I was still looking down when she turned to me. “It’s such a relief to get that over with. I was holding that in forever.”

I jerked my eyes to eye level but it was too late. She cocked her eyebrow quizzically before noticing my own suspicious bulge. She smirked. “Well, glad I could bring joy to your life. Meet you downstairs tomorrow at 8 AM.”

My ears burned red in embarrassment as she spoke the taboo out loud. I said my goodbyes and hurried to my room to take care of my own problem in private.

*003*2021-12-03 12:34

Wanted to finish off some stories so here's a final part:

The next few days were pretty straightforward, with negotiations necessary but a bore. It generally went smoothly though and we navigated the sale well. Jessica was extremely competent in the meetings and I was so focused on the work I didn’t think about her peculiarities, which she kept hidden given the new people we had to impress. Our last full day in Fort Worth, though, Jessica invited me out to drinks to celebrate a job well done. So at 8 PM, we met each other at the lobby of the hotel.

I got downstairs wearing a white button-up tucked into black dress pants. Jessica kept it understated, too, but she looked stunning in a black spaghetti strap dress that hugged her figure and came down halfway down her thighs. It was a bit more revealing than I expected, though it straddled the line between a “professional at a social event” and “sorority sister out to party” well.

She smiled at me and took my arm. “Looking good. Just you and me, out on the town.” I thought that was rather flirtatious but I was more than happy to walk out looking like a couple and we headed to our first stop, a jazz lounge downtown (I noted with some irony it was named Scat).

We grabbed a table and ordered drinks. The seat was a semicircle couch around a round table, and Jessica chose to sit right next to me despite the room. We definitely looked like a couple. We made small talk over our first drink, discussing adjusting to work and congratulating each other on our successful deal. As a new jazz band took over and we got our second round of drinks, though, things got more interesting. She crossed her legs in her dress. “I gotta pee,” she announced freely. I cocked my eyebrow. “I’m surprised you don’t just let go… You seem to prefer that.”

She smiled faintly at me. “You’d like that, wouldn’t you? Well, to be honest, when I’m working it’s just a distraction and I’d prefer to power through it. I hate when we’re in meetings with strangers or in public places like this, I can’t just do it. People seem to frown upon it.”

I nodded. “It is weird we tend to hide a basic bodily function. But I get it, too. It makes a mess for someone to clean up, you know.”

She thought for a moment. “True. But I know you won’t judge.”

“Definitely not.”

After that drink, Jessica suggested we go somewhere livelier. I agreed, and we headed out - without stopping for a bathroom, I noticed. The nightclub was a 5 minute walk away and we got in easily. The club was 1980s themed and Jessica led me to the bar to grab another drink while we watched the dance floor fill up.

We chatted about our upbringing and home life as we finished our drinks. We were both single, we both had families we barely stayed in touch with because we didn’t like them all that much, and we both moved far, far away from our family, childhood friends, and even college friends for work. So Jessica hadn’t made a lot of friends in Omaha and of course as a new arrival neither had I. She didn’t have time for the dating life and I hadn’t even thought about it yet until now. As we talked, too, her stance relaxed and she sat with her legs slightly apart. Facing me, I noticed the flash of matching black panties.

After we finished our drinks, she led me on the dance floor, which was now pretty crowded. I was a pretty terrible dancer but went along with Jessica, who alternated from rather sexual dances to re-enacting movies like Pulp Fiction and Grease. She was clearly a much better dancer than me, but after a little bit it was also clear she was incorporating a bit of a potty dance. She would cross her legs for a moment, or tap her feet back and forth. I had to shout in her ear to be heard, “Do you have to go?”

She nodded. A few seconds later, she kept her legs planted apart on the dance floor and kept her arms and upper body moving so she would look like she was dancing, but I knew what was up. I looked down and saw a steady stream splash down from within her dress. She must have really totally let go because it was going straight down, not streaming down her legs much. No one but me noticed, but I couldn’t stop staring. She saw my reaction and smirked and by the time she was finished, I had more visible reason to be embarrassed than her. She proceeded to step away from her puddle and danced with me, choosing to grind her ass on me.

Knowing she had wet underwear under her black dress as I felt her ass on me was too much and she felt me twitching as I came right in my own black pants. She kept grinding for another few seconds before turning around and looking down, noting my own subtle but visible glistening wet patch. She put her arms around my shoulder and danced with me as she smiled faintly at me, us wordless as we enjoyed our shared secret.

We danced for a little bit longer before we tired out and she suggested we go to another bar to unwind. We found a quieter spot and grabbed a table in the back, sipping on cocktails. At this point, I had gone several hours and several drinks without going, so I got up to go pee. Jessica pulled me down, though. “If I’m not going to bother with the bathroom, you aren’t, either.”

I was both afraid and a little turned on at her bossing me around like that. But I suppose this wasn’t my city and who was to care if I embarrassed myself… I nodded. “That’s fair.”

We drank and chatted some more, now me with the shaky legs as I felt the urge grow. However, Jessica had to go in a different way as well. She lifted her leg and let out a long fart, one that I could hear clearly sitting right next to her. I raised an eyebrow. “You sure you want to stay? Should we head back?”

She shook her head no. “You just want to go back to relieve yourself, don’t you?”

I smiled at the game we were playing. “You’re right, you caught me. I really do have to go…”

She nodded. “Well, I’m not leaving here until you’re just as wet as me. Now here, drink some water. You don’t want to get a hangover.”

I followed her directions and began sipping on my water as we returned to our previous conversation, which was about our college days. Jessica was telling me about studying abroad in Tanzania, of all places. I told her I couldn’t afford a study abroad program, so she switched topics and she asked me about my college’s party scene. I was explaining it was a bar town, so not much in the way of clubs, but Jessica interrupted me with another fart - this one louder but shorter.

I paused, but Jessica told me to continue. Jessica then dove into her own college party experiences, putting a heavy emphasis on all the times she would pee in an alley or behind a bar after a night out. It seems her habit of peeing whenever she wanted started in college and just escalated when she got into a career - her first manager was impressed she prioritized work over breaks and encouraged it.

Eventually, Jessica had to go badly enough that she had difficulty getting her sentences out, interrupting herself with her own farts. I, too, had to pee badly enough that I was finding sitting still and listening more and more difficult. I was bouncing in place, but it was Jessica who let go first. She wasn’t really trying to hold it anyway, unlike me who was conditioned to wait for a bathroom when possible. She lifted her cheek and I could hear the crackling even over the bar music and could see the bulge form in her tight black dress. The smell started permeating our table but it wasn’t too strong. She said, “I think now’s the time to go… but first let me pay for the drinks.”

I offered token protest but deferred since she got paid more than me. She got up to go pay and I saw a glimpse again of her black panties, the only evidence of her accidents the bulge in her dress that I could pretty easily see since it was so form fitting. I admired her ass while she bent over the bar to pay, the other patrons none the wiser.

When she was done, I joined her in leaving as we strode out of the place and started making our way to the hotel. I was extremely desperate at this point and even stopped walking for a moment to cross my legs. She watched in amusement. “You know, you can just let go.”

I started walking again. “I don’t know if my brain will let me. Although… I think… I’m going to lose it regardless.”

As I said that, I felt a spurt escape, then another. I grabbed my crotch, feeling a little embarrassed and infantile as I did it, but Jessica watched with interest. I could feel the wetness soak through and wondered if she could see. I kept walking, but a few steps later another spurt escaped. Jessica came up to me and said in my ear, “I can see the glistening of you losing control…”

Her in my ear, with her accident, telling me about mine caused quite the erection for me and that ironically helped me hold it. She smirked as she looked down and we kept walking, me hoping no one we walked passed noticed we were both sporting rather frowned upon bulges in very different ways.

By the time we had got to the hotel, I had calmed down a little but that made holding it even harder, especially as I felt my wet pants against me. I managed to hold it until we got into the elevator, but then I felt it all escape me as I let go. Jessica could hear the hissing and see the urine race down my legs. She opened her legs wide and began peeing as well, her second time tonight. As we both peed, she came up to me and kissed me directly on the lips. We made out and peed all the way to our floor. When we stepped out of the elevator, we saw the puddle we left behind essentially made the whole elevator floor a puddle. She giggled at the sight and then dragged me to her room.

Inside, I immediately lifted her dress over her and was greeted with a matching black lacy bra and black panties. Despite the black color, I could still see the wet patch. The bulge behind was impressive, too, which I could see in a mirror in the hotel room. She ripped my pants off, revealing my soaked boxers, before leading me to the bed. What followed was one of the most enjoyable nights of my life...

Unfortunately, we were too successful at our business and both Jessica and I were soon promoted into different directions, and we didn't keep in touch. But I'll cherish the memory of my eccentric boss.

