The Challenge - The Test

Author: huberp76

*000*2024-08-04 01:49

Two girls were invited from two boys to the cinema.

The girls were friends and the boys were friends as well.

They were just a little over 18 and did know each other from the school.

The boys were playing in the soccer team and were very sought from many girls at the school.

Therefore the girls had the idea to offer something special to the boys to become friends with them.

They heard that a lot of guys gets horny about girls who are needing to wee, about girls who are holding a very full bladder.

They decided to test if the boys are one of those. The girls had both strong bladder’s and were good in pee holding.

Maybe they could use their ability and their good bladder control for to turn the boys on.

That was it what they wanted to test and to discover.

The girls had watched many soccer games where the boys played and they did love to see the boys in their denim shorts with their naked knees and naked thighs and they were turned on very much about that view.

The girls young pussies wanted to get fucked from that attractive boy’s so bad and they were willing to do a lot for that.

The boys on the other hand felt the girl attractive as well, but they were spoiled and didn’t say that.

On the special day they did leave the school late at afternoon.

They went together to the cineplex which was in a large shopping mall.

First they had a early dinner at McDonald’s.

The girls were dressed especially sexy for their first date. They did show a lot of their naked legs because their skirts ended far over their knees.

Sometimes they gave the boys a good view between their thighs and showed them for a few seconds their panties.

On the way to the cinema, the girls started with their „play“.

They were standing in front of a shop window, when one of the girls crossed her legs and said „i necessarily need to the loo before we go to the cinema.“

“Me too!” said the other girl and was rubbing her knees.”

” Is that really necessary?? We are already late!! Can’t you both wait with that until the film is over!” asked one of the boys with a trembling voice and a visible boner in his shorts.

Since now the girls knew that the boys were some of the sadists who loves girls desperate to pee and they were glad to have the opportunity to turn them on with their strong bladders and their good holding performance.

”It would be really necessary, we need to go very strongly, we haven’t been at the toilet in the school.” said the first girl and crossed again her sexy legs.

”You 2 haven’t weed the entire day?” asked the boy full of horniness.

” Not since we did leave from our home! Do you understand now that it would be necessary and urgently?” asked the girl was biting her lips and smiled seductively.

”Great performance, but if you were able to wait for so long, I’ll be sure you will be able to wait for just 2 more hours longer. Let us go in the film is starting soon.” said one of the boys, the other bought 4 large coke’s.

Not enough time for to let the girls piss, but time enough for to buy coke’s for them.

”Okay, we will not go, we will hold it back, but we lay the blame on you if we wet our panties.” said the girl to turn the boys on and to make them think at their full bladders and at their little parties over their slits.

The boys joined the film, but much more they joined that the girls were needing to wee.

Each boy had one hand at the nude upper thigh of his girl.

One of the boys used the opportunity to glide up to the panty on the girls thigh and said “I just want to feel if your panties are still dry.”

The girl squeezed her naked thighs together over the boys hand and said “if course they are.”

The girls cokes were already empty and their bladders were very full, but they were accustomed to hold a full bladder, because they didn’t use the toilet in the school and were always waiting and holding until at home.

The boys were thinking about a way to prevent the girls use the toilet after the film, but they didn’t know one.

Later they realized that it was not really necessary to prevent them, because the girls went straight out to the street after the film was finished.

They did not even talk about a wee or about to use a toilet.

The boys were so much impressed and so horny about the circumstances that the girls were needing to wee since so long, but still didn’t go.

They wanted more, they went to a little park near the cinema and set at a bench at a dark part of the park.

”Sorry, but i can’t stay here long.” said one girl.

”Why not, it’s pretty nice here and so pretty dark.” asked the boy and started to kiss the girl.

”Yes it is, but i need to wee so bad, my bladder is about to explode.” answered the girl.

”My bladder is near to burst as well. The coke was too large for me. I think i have to squat behind the bush.” said the other girl.

”Oh no, you will not do that, you will not squat, you will not pee now!

You 2 are both so hot and so sexy if you are desperate to pee. Hold it for us, we love that so much.” said one boy, laid one hand on his girl’s belly to feel her bulging bladder.

They were all 4 very horny, they kissed and had their hands there on their bodies where it was turning them on especially.

The boys “tested “ the dryness of the girls panties and used the opportunity to push one finger deep in the girls pussy where the wee wanted to come out so urgently.

The girls on the other hand had their hands there where they were dreaming to have it when they saw the boys at the soccer games, at their naked thighs and between their thighs where they could feel the boys boners.

They were rubbing each other near to cum.

”Before they were leaving said one boy “ we should do that again, but next time we go to my home and watch a video.

You girls don’t use the school toilets, like you did it today, or you did it not like today.

You bring us your horny, sexy bladders very, very full, then we will have a lot of fun!!” said one of the boys.

The all dreamed about a full bladder sex!!

The boys about to fuck the girls when they are full to burst and the girls about to get fucked when they are needing to wee since hours.

