Different ways of desperation

Author: huberp76

*000*2022-02-12 23:33

I watched that girls react very different when they are needing to pee and can’t go.

Let me take a long car ride for a Exempel .

Girl Nr. 1 The assertive.

The girl tells the boy that he should stop anywhere for a toilet visit.

The boy don’t stop at the first opportunity, because he would like to make her hold.

The girl gets angry and tell him again to stop. The boy has to stop, because it would get awkward.

Nr.2 The unabashed.

The boy stop anywhere on a street to take a piss. He did deliberately not stop at a parking lot with toilets, because he did not wanted to give the girl a chance to wee, he wanted to make her hold, but she opened the door and squatted beside the car and pissed, no matter if someone was looking.

Nr.3 The strong.

The girl did not use a loo since she did get up early in the morning.

At afternoon she press her knees together, like girls do that when they need a toilet.

The boy did not really wanted to let her go, but asked canting “do you need a wee?”

The girl answered “yes really bad, but that is no reason to stop. I hold it!”

More than one hour later she is bending over and said “ I am needing to wee since noon, i think my bladder is already big as a soccer ball.”

The boy offered again to stop and the girl said again that it would not be necessary to stop just for her to pee. Her bladder is good trained, she can hold it back, she said.

The girl is proud about her ability to hold it and she is proud of her good bladder control.

Maybe she wanted to get admired for that and maybe she wanted to make the boy horny with full bladder.

Nr.4 The shy one.

The girl is needing to wee really bad at late afternoon. She is waiting since hours for a natural opportunity to pee, but the boy did not give her not even one chance.

Although she did try to hide her urge, did the “expert “ boy know that she was needing to go since hours.

The girl is to shy to ask for a stop, she used all her power to hold it and to wait until she gets a opportunity.

She did hold it until her limit and then she said very quiet “Sorry, but i can’t wait any longer.”

The boy did know very well what she meant , but asked “What for are you waiting?”

”For a loo, i am needing to go since hours, but now i can’t wait no more. Can you please stop anywhere as soon as possible?” begged the girl.

A shy girl who was waiting to the last moment, a girl who was holding her pee back until she can’t anymore, is absolutely endangered to wet herself, if the boy don’t stop, if he make her hold much longer.

Nr.5 The dutiful.

The girl had no chance to wee all day long. They are on the way to a hotel for to spend a weekend.

At afternoon the girl asked the boy “how long does it take to get there?”

”I don’t know exactly, i think about 3 hours, but why do you ask?” he wanted to know.

”I need to wee.” she answered, but did not asked for a stop.

One hour later she said “my bladder is so full, it is already up to my navel.”

She is a kind of girl who knows that girls have to hold it until they get a chance to go.She did know that she had to wait until they arrive, so she did not even ask for a stop, girls have to be able to hold it!

One more hour later she said “i wee in my panties, if we are not there very soon.”

”Oh my poor, little girl is needing to wee soooo bad. Just a little bit longer than one hour, then you can let it out, then my baby girl can finally do a wee.” he teased her.

I had a girl like her and i had sex with her, before i did let her to the loo.

What type of girl do you like?

