Peter’s lust for a full girl bladder! - Page 2

Author: huberp76

*025*2022-05-02 16:02

{{16 hours ago, milofaul said:

Idea:

After what seemed to have been an eternity the fire brigade announced that someone just forgot a plastic-box on a stove causing it to create some smoke in the kitchen.

The poor girl sighted in relieve in the prospect of being finally able to pee... Just as another announcement was made: Everyone who has been inside the building would have to be checked out by medics before being released back into the building.

Peter's mind was racing on the thought of standing behind the poor girl to wait in queue and watching her dance in desperation. The poor girl on the other hand was wincing in agony as her torture had just been extended even longer.

That's when Peter got an idea, what if he would try and delay her getting into the queue in order to make sure she is all the way in the back?

So Peter suggested that they would search for a way to get in on the other side of the building. Well know to him the only emergency-exit on the other side of the building would be blocked by the fire-crews. But that would leave enough time for all the other students to get into queue, leaving them stand all the way at the end of the queue.

The poor girl was now walking completely huddled over and barely managed to keep her panties dry... Peter nearly came into his pants as he saw the queue infront of the medical tent... at least 50 people where infront of them.

The poor girl was now hunched over and wiggling her legs constantly, much to the enjoyment of Peter standing behind her in queue...

###

Maybe when they finally are inside the tent, the doctor has the same liking as peter and examines her bladder very thoroughly while peter watches? Or have her stand on one leg etc. to check for any nausea?

}}

Peter is so bad, he knows that the poor girl is full to burst, he knows that her bladder is painful overfilled, he knows that her urge to wee is hurting since hours, but he wanted more of it, he could not get enough from her desperation, from to see her cross her legs and to see her fight with all her power against her inhuman, strong need to wee.

He was so bad, he did know it very well, that there would be no other way into the building, he wanted just talk her away from the queue, he wanted to make her stand as last person in the line, he wanted that she should have to wait much longer for her so urgently needed wee and he wanted that she should be forced to hold it back no matter how bad it ever would get!

She could not even put the blame on Peter, he wanted to show her a way where she would have been able to get earlier deliverance, but now she to suffer much longer.

Minute for minute torture for her, but minute for minute pleasure for Peter.

Great idea that the doctor like it too if girls are desperate to wee and that he would examine the poor girl’s bladder.

Her bladder has nothing to do with fire and smoke and with the lung, but her bladder was so distended, so swollen and so much visible bulging out from her slim abdomen, that it was reason enough to examine her bladder, to find the cause for it.

He did see for a long time that she was desperate and he did know very well that she is holding so much urine inside, that this thing in her belly is near to explode.

Do you think that he will press and push on it to increase her need!??

Maybe he tells her that her that he is absolutely enthusiastic about her bladder and her ability to hold so much.

He tell her that he is working on a study about girls bladder, about their loading capacity and their residence. He make her a good offer to “work “ for her. Peter could be his assistant.

After the doctor was ready for to torture the poor girls bladder, they went back in Peter’s flat.

Peter was so horny, that i i sure, he will not let her piss, before he fu…..her!!??

Why is for some boys their lust and their horniness more important than to have pity and mercy for a girl who is frantic to piss???

*027*2022-05-02 20:02

{{On 5/1/2022 at 4:45 PM, frogger4y said:

What will happen with that poor girl?? How long will they be trapped in that yard?

She will just have to wait, it will be atleast one more night before she might have a chance to pee.

Will her bladder explode, or will she be able to hold it longer?

She will hold and hold even if she is in tremendous bladder pain.

What will Peter do with her? Will he help her to find a place to piss, or will he make her hold it longer, much longer, because he always said that girl have to be able to hold it until they are allowed to pee, or until they get a chance to do it!

Peter will make her hold much much longer, he might even find some chances for her too pee but he will not tell them to her

Will she piss herself in front of all that people?

No she will hold, she is too strong too peeherself and the embarrassment would kill her.

}}

“She will just have to wait, it will be at least one more night before she might to have a chance to pee!”

She will hold it, she has to hold it, even she is in tremendous bladder pain, Peter can never get enough from a girls pee desperation, a girls bladder can never be full enough and a girls need to wee can never be strong enough for him, but could he really be so heartless not let her pee a second night, should she endure so much torture just for his lust and horniness?

”She will hold it, she is to strong to pee herself.” but is any girl in the world able to bear that, to endure so much pee urge, can any girl in the whole world hold her urine for so long, just with her willpower and her body power?

What will Peter do with this poor girl?

*030*2022-05-03 05:20

{{4 hours ago, milofaul said:

Of course the Doctor will make sure everything is fine with the girl! It's a doctors duty to help when he sees that something is off

I think he will push and squeeze the girls bladder in order to find the cause of her swollen belly. After he eventually found out it's the girls bladder he begins to explain very detailed about a study on the bladder-capacity between girls and boys he is going to be conducting in the near future.

He is explaining alot, all while the poor girl is fidgeting around and Peter watches from the side.

After he is finally done, Peter and the girl are finally allowed back into the apartment-building...

###

Maybe they will now find out that the elevator is broken and the poor girl will have to take the stairs to the 8th floor?

Or will they take the elevator but get stuck inside, having to wait for someone to rescue them?

When they finally arrive at their room, they find out that the fire-brigade shut off all the water and electricity to the building. Giving Peter a great excuse to deny the poor girl access to the toilet (no flush means "nasty" smell ) The shy girl of course doesn't want to make his flat smelly...

Maybe after a while he will take her to some public place to look for a toilet... Of course trying to "not find one", and prolong the suffering of his girl

Maybe when he finally lets her pee, they will attend the study of the doctor in the next days? Making a great excuse for peter to fill her to the brim and let her wait for the study to start... of course the doctor won't let her pee until he has conducted all his experiments.

}}

The doctor did know very well what he did and he loved to do it. He did love to torture the girls bladder and her bladder should torture the girl.

He squeezed, pressed and pushed her hard and totally overfilled bladder until the girl nearly got crazy from needing to piss so unbelievable bad.

”What is wrong with your bladder, why is it so swollen?” asked the doctor, like he was unknown.

”Nothing is wrong with my bladder, i just did not have a piss since yesterday morning, I did not pee only one single drop since 27 hours, that is wrong!” the girl answered angry.

”My bladder is not sick, but it will get sick, it will burst, if you don’t stop to press so hard on it.” said the tortured girl.

”Oh sorry, i did not know that, but i know that you would be exactly the right girl for my academic work about human bladders, especially for girl bladders.” the doctor said and made a good offer to her.

In reality he is a big sadist, he absolutely loves it to torture a girls bladder, he loves it to make a girl hold her wee until she don’t even know anymore, is she a girl or a boy.

That is what Peter loves to do as well.

Peter encouraged her to “work “ for the doctor, that way he has a reason to make his girl hold her wee for the science.

Peter and the doctor will test the limit of her endurance!!!

A great idea, they shut off the water, no way to flush, so Peter deny the poor girl access to the toilet. All that dark yellow urine what the girl was holding inside her for so long, would smell to bad.

No flush, no wee!

I think that it is more important that it does not smell nasty all night from urine, than to let the girl piss.

She is a girl she can hold it, she has to hold it!!!!

She did not wee since so long, she must be able to hold it longer. She is a girl, she has to wait until she gets a chance to go.

That is it what Peter think and what his girl has to do!!!

But how long will she be able???? Will he talk her to a public toilet, or will she have to hold it no matter how bad she would need to go??

*031*2022-05-03 07:34

{{2 hours ago, wether said:

She may uncontrollably and completely wet herself while being examined by the doctor.

Or she will make it despite being extremely desperate. After that, Peter will take her to a room and will lay her on the bed so that her hips are on the edge of the bed and her feet on the floor. He will spread her beautifil, slim legs and penetrate her. Her moaning that she has to pee and can't hold it any longer will only make him more aroused. But the increased pressure from the bladder will also make her more sensation in her pussy. She will finally reach an orgasm and during this she will start peeing like a fountain.

}}

Touring the examination the doctor press and push so hard in the girls abdomen until she piss herself. Great imagination!

Or she will endure all that torture. Peter bring her back to the room, the girl is so desperate, but he don’t let her to the bathroom, he takes her to his sleeping room.

So hot that he lay her with her little ass on the bed and with her feet on the floor, so hot that he spread her beautiful, slim legs and start to fu…. her.

Her slender legs are twisted around his hips, to hear her moaning that she is needing to wee so bad, that she can’t hold it anymore, is like music in his ears, it makes him to fu….. her harder and harder.

He can feel how she squeeze her tight slit around his penis, to be able to hold all the wee inside her.

Touring her orgasm he press hard and deep in her abdomen, until she can’t hold it anymore and until she piss like a fountain.

My favorite is long time peeholding and peeholding extrem.

I love it too if a girl piss with high power and high pressure, if it is hissing and jetting out between her thighs for a endless long time.

To see how much she pissed and to imagine that she had to hold all that in her bladder, that her bladder must have been full to burst and that she must have needed to wee so really, really bad, is totally turning me on.

At the same moment i wish that she had to be forced to hold it longer.

I absolutely love holding and desperation!!!

I think Peter and the doctor will train Peter’s girl. They will train her bladder and her sphincter and they will train her to deal with a extreme strong urge.

I think she will become a holding champion !

*033*2022-05-10 06:58

{{On 5/3/2022 at 4:55 PM, frogger4y said:

Love this senario

}}

I love it too.

I think Peter would encourage his girl to take the offer from the doctor and he would tell her, that he admire her for her great bladder control and for her ability to hold her wee back for so long.

He tell her that he is proud of her and that it would be a great privilege for her that the doctor choose her for his science work.

Peter would do that for his special lust, for to have a reasonable opportunity to make his girls hold her pee and to torture her poor bladder.

He would not let her go to the loo, even her bladder is swollen and full to burst. He would train her bladder and her ability to hold it for the science and for the doctors academic work, but especially for himself.

Not once she is begging for a much needed wee, but he don’t let her in the name of science.

She has to go to sleep with her bladder full from the day.

She has to hold her urine from the night, maybe from the evening or from the afternoon before, all day long. No morning pee for her!

Once she told Peter that she can’t stand it anymore and asked him if she would be allowed to plug her little peehole, it would be easier for her that way, but he denied it, he told her that her sphincter must get trained too and that she must be able to hold it with her own power. Or should she be allowed to plug her hole with her finger?

After 2 weeks intensive training she is ordered to the doctor, she is ordered to bring a bursting full bladder to their first “study”.

What will he do with her? Will Peter be allowed to come with her?

*035*2022-05-10 21:50

Sometimes before Peter met his current girl friend he had a date with another girl.

As per usual, one of Peter’s important goals on the date was to fill the girls bladder, prevent her to go to the bathroom, to make her hold and to make her desperate.

It was not different that time, on purpose he did not give the girl a good opportunity to go to a toilet all afternoon.

Before they went to the cinema they had a dinner. He chused a restaurant where they could sit outside, with no signs for a toilet.

The poor girl was already needing to wee to that time, but she was to shy to ask for the loo so she decided to hold it like many times before, forced from her shyness.

Peter was a expert for to notice when a girl was needing a wee and he did know that she would need to, but not just enough for him, her bladder must get fuller, much fuller!

He had to care about that she drink and don’t go to the toilet.

As they were ready to go, he payed the bill and he ordered at the same time another drink.

He urged her to drink fast, because the film will start soon.

In reality he did not wanted to give her a chance to go to the loo and the last drink should not get to her bladder, not till then they are out of the restaurant.

The girls urge was getting much stronger on the way to the cinema, as they arrived she was needing to go so bad, that she overbore her shyness and said to Peter “ can you please wait one minute for me, i have to go to the bathroom.”

”No i can not wait and you will not go to the toilet. You had time enough for that at the restaurant and i don’t want to miss the film. You can hold it, like big girls can do that.”Peter answered, took her by her hand and did lead her inside.

The poor girl was getting punished for not to go at the restaurant. She was needing to go before they went for a dinner, but she did not go, she did not wanted to leave him alone and she thought she could bear it until at home, but the last drink was to much.

She never before was in such a situation, where she was needing to wee so bad, but a boy did not let her go, a boy did not allow her to take a much needed wee.

(continue)

*036*2022-05-15 00:13

The poor girl was needing to wee so bad, but he Peter did not let her go, he said that would be not enough time for her to take a much needed wee, but there was time enough to buy a large coke and popcorn.

The was to shy to go without permission and it would have been a shame for her that she could not hold it until the end from the film.

Peter said that she is a big girl and big girls are always able to hold it if they have to, but no girls bladder can get expanded unlimited. Her bladder was totally overfilled and heavy in her lower abdomen and her urge was already pretty painful.

What should she do, she was no more a little girl, she was a big girl and big girls should always be able to hold it, said Peter, she could not disappoint him, she had to hold it, how bad it will ever get and so she walked with him into the cinema.

But there was so much liquid from the large drink at the restaurant on the way to her bladder, how can she force her bladder to stretch more, she is good trained from her shyness, but how can she suppress her unbearable urge 3 hours longer until she can finally wee at home ?

But all that was not enough for Peter, he made her drink that large coke, that girl should be forced to endure more, much more, her poor bladder should get tortured, it should get bigger than never before in her whole life.

They were sitting in the last row, Peter had his hand on her naked thigh and pushed his short skirt fare up, nearly up to her panties.

Sometimes when she squeezed her little peehole hard together, he could feel with his hand how she tensed the muscles from her slim thighs too.

“Is it that bad, to you really need to wee so urgently?” asked Peter.

”It is more than bad, i nearly do it in my panties. I can’t understand why you did not let me go to the toilet. I told you that it would be urgently and necessary.” she answered.

*037*2022-05-15 23:46

“Oh yes you told me that you would need to go, but i did not know how bad. I spent sometimes time with girls who said that they would need to go to the toilet and then they did not go for hours more, or they did put it off until they were at home and i thought that you could, or would do that to.” answered Peter.

”Let me prove if it is really that bad.” said Peter and pressed hard in her belly, exactly on her swollen bladder.

The girl groaned loud and did try to push his hand away.

”You are really pretty full down there.” said Peter and was totally satisfied and aroused to feel that her bladder was hard as a rock and from the imagination how bad she must need to wee.

After about 15 minutes later the girl wanted to get up, she said that she has to go to the toilet now otherwise she will do it in her panties.

Peter pulled her down back on the seat and said “ you will not go to the loo and you will not wet your panties. You don’t really want to make me believe that you can’t wait until the film is over, that you can’t hold it back not even one more hour?”

“What are you doing with me? I never had a date with a boy who did not let me pee, who prevented me from to go to the loo. I am needing to go since long before the dinner, i am needing to wee all afternoon and now i have to beg you for let me go and you want let me. That is a shame for me and that is not fair from you.” said the girl but did stay.

Her urge was getting nearly unbearable, the large coke went on and on in her bursting full bladder.

Peter was pleased that she did stay and did not try to get up again.

He did know that cinema and he did know very well that the exit leads directly outside and that she would still have no chance to go to the toilet and that she would still have to hold it longer.

After the film was over, the girl was disappointed and desperate about that, she did no more know what to do, from needing to wee so bad.

On the way to the car, she suddenly stopped, crossed her legs and said “i have wet my panties, i can’t no more, i have to pee, i must pee. Bring me somewhere, where i can do it!”

A few drops of wee were running down on her beautiful, nude legs.

As they arrived at the car, before she opened the door, she pulled her panties down and before she was squatting down, she started to piss like crazy.

After she finished her weeing, she pulled her wet panties up and said “look what you have done to me. I never peed my panties before and i never peed on a parking lot.

I can see it on the bulge in your pants that you love that, you are a sadist, you did it for purpose, you made me drink and you did not let me go to the bathroom, you wanted to see me pissing my panties. That was not fair.

This was their first and their last date at once.

Peter dated many girls in his youth and he mostly had two goals, he wanted to make the girls desperate and he wanted to make sex with them.

The best for him was, to have sex with a girl who was desperate to pee.

He had some experience, where the girls hold their wee deliberately for him, to have a good sex.

*038*2022-05-21 00:00

{{On 5/10/2022 at 5:15 PM, frogger4y said:

She has to go to sleep with her bladder full from the day.

She has to hold her urine from the night, maybe from the evening or from the afternoon before, all day long. No morning pee for her!

She is only allowed to pee around 17-18 so she has to work/study all day with a bursting bladder and her bladder has filled up again when she goes to bed.

Or should she be allowed to plug her hole with her finger?

No must act like a lady

After 2 weeks intensive training she is ordered to the doctor, she is ordered to bring a bursting full bladder to their first “study”.

What will he do with her? Will Peter be allowed to come with her?

Before she goes to the doctor she must have held for atleast 2 days. Peter will be allowed to come with her. The doctor will press, punch and torture her bladder when she visits. For the next step in the doctors study he wants the girl to pee no more than 3 times per week. The girl will be shocked to hear this but Peter mange to make her accept.

}}

{{On 5/10/2022 at 5:15 PM, frogger4y said:

She has to go to sleep with her bladder full from the day.

She has to hold her urine from the night, maybe from the evening or from the afternoon before, all day long. No morning pee for her!

She is only allowed to pee around 17-18 so she has to work/study all day with a bursting bladder and her bladder has filled up again when she goes to bed.

Or should she be allowed to plug her hole with her finger?

No must act like a lady

After 2 weeks intensive training she is ordered to the doctor, she is ordered to bring a bursting full bladder to their first “study”.

What will he do with her? Will Peter be allowed to come with her?

Before she goes to the doctor she must have held for atleast 2 days. Peter will be allowed to come with her. The doctor will press, punch and torture her bladder when she visits. For the next step in the doctors study he wants the girl to pee no more than 3 times per week. The girl will be shocked to hear this but Peter mange to make her accept.

}}

Peter likes his girlfriend, he really loves her, but he is like obsessed from making a girl hold her wee, he is addicted to don’t let a wee until she nearly gets crazy from needing to go so bad. A girl can’t hold it long enough for him and her bladder can never be full enough for him.

Nothing can turn him on more than to fill a girls bladder up to the limit and still don’t let her wee and now he has a good reason for doing that, he can make his girl hold for the doctors scientific work.

The girl did agree to let her use for this experiments, although she did know that will get very painful for her.

She did know that she has a strong bladder, that she has a good control over her bladder, that she has a good ability to hold it and she did know that she is able to endure a lot of pain.

She would do it for a good cause and beyond that, for a good money.

Peter was ordered from the doctor to bring his girl to the first session with her bladder full from 24 hours.

Peter let her wee at 3 pm the day before.

As they went to sleep the girl would have needed to go, but she did know that she would be not allowed. She had to go to bed with her bladder full from nearly 8 hours and with the drinks from the dinner.

In the morning her urge was already pretty bad, but no wee for her, her bladder has to stay full and it has to get fuller, it has to stretch and to expand.

Peter made her drink and he loved to see her crossing her wonderful legs at noon.

„Is it that bad?“ he asked her with pleasure, well knowing that she has to hold it, how bad it ever would get.

The poor girl did not wee since more than 21 hours to that time.

As they arrived at 3 pm at the doctor, she was needing to pee so really, really bad, but she did try to hide it.

She was a big girl and she did act like a little lady.

First she had to strip naked and then she had to lie with her back on the research table.

She had to spread her thighs and then she did get a kind of sensor inserted.

The sensor should stay in her bladder for the next weeks, it should show at a monitor the fullness and the pressure in her bladder, but it should not plug her peehole. She should be still forced to hold her urine back with her sphincter and her own body power. It should not make it easier for her to hold it.

The girl lied on her back, her legs now straight on the table, her lower abdomen was visible swollen from her large, overfilled bladder.

Her bladder was bulging out of her slim belly, between her hipbones and up to her navel.

The doctor did take a kind of plastic shelf and pressed her bladder back into her abdomen until it was flat with her hipbones.

That was absolutely torture for her poor girl, her need was getting so painful and frantic, that she was shaking on all her body.

She clenched her hands to fists, she squeezed both of her thighs hard with her hands, the pressure on the monitor rose up, but the girl was able to hold all her wee inside her.

It seams like she had a plug valve between her thighs, in her girl slit, she did not even leak.

The doctor was enthusiastic from the girls bladder control and from her ability to bear such a strong piss urge.

The next session should be in 2 weeks and until then she should train to hold it for 36 hours. He will test then how she will react if she gets make to drink a lot in a short time, on her overfilled bladder.

The girl asked after the session if she would be allowed to wee before they left, the doctor would have let her, but Peter said „no absolutely no, first there must get something in you before you are allowed to let something out of you.

He was so horny that he wanted nothing more, than to have a full bladder sex with her.

The poor girl had to hold her bursting full bladder, she did not wee since 26 hours, until at home and then she would get fu…… and tortured for 2 hours more.

What should the doctor do with her at the next session?

*042*2022-06-28 13:07

Peter was absolutely happy about that situation.

He had now a legitim and true possibility to make his girl hold her wee, to train (torture) her bladder and don’t let her go to the toilet if she would need to go.

His girl had to endure and to bear the worst piss urge, the most painful need to wee and a hurting bladder full to burst and to explode, for the science and for research of a humans bladder, especially of a girls bladder.

She did get a good money too! Did she get the money for to get tortured, for to let her torture?

The girl was no more free about her bodily needs, she had to ask for permission to go to the bathroom, especially for to empty her bladder.

She had to drink all that what he gave her, but she was not allowed to let out not even one drop without permission.

If she would wee secretly, she would get punished for that. Peter would block her peehole for 48 hours and how bad it ever will get for her, he would not let her piss, she would have to endure that even it would get unbearable.

This is one of the rules, in the name of science! In name of Peter and in name of the doctor too!

There are just a few hours in the week where the girls bladder is really empty. Most of the time it is full and sometimes it is near to explode and painful overstretched.

Meanwhile the girl knows that her bladder can expand until more than double size from full and she knows very well how it feels needing to wee, that means really needing to wee, that means to get frantic from her bodily needs and from her bladder.

The doctor put last time a sensor in the girls bladder, Peter has a kind of watch on his hand, where he can read , via Bluetooth, the real pressure in the girls bladder. The doctor has a monitor for that, if he do his studies.

Peter knows now how much pressure his girl can endure and how much pressure her sphincter can resist before she is starting to leaking.

Peter like it to “play “ with that, he like to press and push on the girls full bladder and he like to watch how the pressure rise and he loves to see the frantic need to piss in her face.

That is a part of the training, he told her and he loves to torture her and her poor bladder that way.

It was Saturday one week before the next visit at the doctor.

Peter wanted to use the Saturday for intensive training, did not tell it to his girl before.

In the morning the girl was needing to wee pretty bad and asked Peter if she could go.

He did not let her, she was also not allowed to wee yesterday before sleeping.

The last time she had a wee was yesterday at the same time, after getting out from the bed.

She was not allowed to wee since 24 hours and he wanted to make a day trip with her, with her bladder full from more than 24 hours from the beginning.

The girl was begging for a wee, or just for a “little wee”, one glass 250ccm.

Peter did not let her, she had to break 30 hours, he told her. The doctor wants more from her much more, said Peter.

How long can the girl bear it??

How long do she have to endure it?

What will Peter do with her?

