Hike in the woods!

Author: huberp76

*000*2023-08-04 22:07

Two boys decided to make a day trip with their girlfriends.

They planned a hike through the woods and wanted to make a kind of picnic at a meadow.

On the special day, the boys picked up the girls early in the morning.

After a 2 hours drive, they did leave the car at the edge of the forest, did take their rucksack’s and started to walk.

Not even 2 hours late, they made their first stop for eating and drinking.

The boy’s used the opportunity to water the trees. The girls did not go.

A little, after noon they stopped a second time for to eat and for to drink. There were 2 wooden banks and a large wooden table. They spent there a lot of time in the warm early summer sun.

The boys went again behind the bushes, the girl did still not go.

The boy’s noticed that the girls did not wee since they left their home.

They did like that and the imagination that the girls must already have a very full bladder and that they must feel a strong need to wee, did turn them on.

They wanted to use the opportunity to make them hold and to watch what will happen, how desperate they will get until they squat somewhere, or until they admit that they would need to go to the toilet.

The boys was in front as they did go one their hike and and the girls were behind.

One of the girls crossed her legs, as soon as she was standing up from the bank.

” You need to wee?” asked the other girl.

Yes!! Very, very bad!” answered the first girl.

”Me too! I am needing to wee since hours, but we can’t squat here in front of the boys. We can’t even go behind the bushes, because the boys would know what we are doing there. I think we have to hold it.” answered the girl.

”I can’t bear up much longer, i really need to go very urgently.” said the other girl.

”Me too, but we have to hold it!! I hope we stop anywhere on the motorway, on the way back home.” replied the girl.

They walked a long time until they were at their car.

Both girls talked about the fullness of their bladders and their already painful urge to wee, but they had no other chance than to get in the car with their very full bladders.

The boys did like that situation, they did know very well that the girls were needing to wee very bad, because they could no more hide their need.

The girls were to proud and to shy to ask for a stop just for to let them wee, they did try to find another way for to empty their bursting full bladders.

They asked for a stop for to drink and told them that they are thirsty, because their drink bottles are empty since a long time and they hoped to get a opportunity for a so much needed wee.

The boys did know very well the reason why they wanted stop and did enjoy to know that their girls were full to burst after holding it all day long.

They did stop for a drink, at a kiosk with no toilet and no opportunity to wee for the girls.

As the girls noticed that there was no loo, they were disappointed, worried and in panic.

They were needing to wee so very, very bad, they could not drink anymore without to pee, but they had to.

The boys ordered large drinks for them, because they said that they are thirsty, the really reason was that they wanted torture the girls, they wanted to fill their bladders full to explode.

Some boys gets very horny when girls are desperate to wee and this two were some of them.

The girls was standing with crossed legs and did drink well behaved.

They went back to the car and had to sit in with painful overfilled bladders and a large drink on the way to their bursting full bladders.

About 20 minutes later, was their need and their bladder pain stronger than their shyness, they had to admitted that they were needing to wee and were begging for a much needed stop.

„I think that will be nonessential, we arrive in not even one hour and you two are big girls, you will be able to hold it for so long.“ said the driver.

“ That is not fair, we are needing to wee since before noon! We need to go really, really bad, let us go!“ was the other girl begging.

“If you are holding it for so long, then will be one more hour not a big problem for you.“ answered the driver, with a boner in his hiking shorts.

*002*2023-08-05 10:19

{{1 hour ago, Denial said:

Awesome as always! Great start!

}}

Thank you, i am glad that you like it!!!

*003*2023-08-05 21:22

The “poor “ girls were needing to wee so ineffable urgently and so bad, that they did no more know what to do.

Their bladders were like a bomb on the verge of to explode in their bellies.

Their bladders were heavy and hard as a bowling ball and at every bump on the road, was it becoming nearly unbearable for the girls, it was feeling like their bladders would to tear.

They suppressed their urge for such a long period of time, in the hope to get anywhere a chance for a natural wee, in a restaurant toilet, or in a public toilet, but the evil boys didn’t give them a chance, they were sadists and wanted to torture the girls bladder so long and so bad as any possible.

Now it was getting really unfair, the poor girls did get punished for to be strong, brave, well bred and chaste.

They got punished for not squatting for a wee, although they were needed it since before noon, they did get punished, because they wanted to behaved like good girls.

Good girl don’t squat, with their panties down on their knees, in the presence of boys, good girls have to wait and to hold, but now they nearly piss themselves in the boys car.

They were sitting with their knees pressed so hard together as a bench vise. They clenched their sphincters with all their bodily power, but not even that could help.

That girl, who was crossing her legs, when they were leaving their eating place at afternoon, was no more able to keep her panties dry.

The fabric of her girl panties, were already a little wet, between her thighs.

She was frantic, she was in agony, but she had to hold it, because they were already in an area of the city, where they could impossible stop anywhere for to let the girls pee.

The boys were so excited and aroused, they did know very well that the girls bladder were already overfilled so much, they did know that they were needing to wee since so long and they did know that they did drink so much at the kiosk.

Even the strongest bladder has a limit, not even the strongest bladder can stand that much longer!!!

What will happen with that girls, what will they do?

How much more can they endure? That was it what the boys wanted know.

*004*2023-08-06 20:21

The girls bladders were expanded and stretched until to the last fiber. Their bellies were swollen and tight as a drum.

Their urge were painful and their bladders were hurting.

They were both at their limit of endurance, but there was still the biggest part of the last, large drink on the way.

There is no more room, that means that their bladders would have to stretch even more, that they have to get bigger to contain the incoming urine, but there is so much pressure, that the super desperate girl had her hand inside her already wet panties and pressed with one finger hard on her peehole.

That was not really ladylike, but the only way to keep her wee inside her.

On one hand were the boys turned on very much about that excessive holding show, but on the other hand, they were worried that the girls would wee in the car and they did not even know how they can get the girls out of the car and bring them to a toilet without that they would pee themselves.

Both girls had their hands between their thighs and the legs crossed over their hands.They were bending over and were moaning and whining about their unbearable urge to wee.

The boys had never before seen girls so desperate and so frantic for to pee.

The boys realized, that they could neither bring them home, nor to a coffee shop in a condition like that, they had to think about something else, where they could let them wee.

The driver did know a quiet place, it was like a little park on the outskirts. There was a public toilet what the girls could use, without that someone could see how desperate they were.

There was still a lot liquid on the way, to torture the girls bladders even more.

The girls were near to tears. “ Oh my got, i am afraid that my bladder will burst, if i can’t go very soon!”said the girl with her already wet panties.

“My bladder is about to explode as well. I didn’t know that pee holding can get so painful.”said the other girl.

”Why did you hold it for so long? Why did you not squat behind the bushes and why did you not asked for a pee stop long before?” asked one of the boys, full of lust.

”Girls don’t usually talk about their bodily needs.” answered the girl, with both hands pressed hard on her slit.

The boys did know that the girls were at their absolutely limit and therefore they went straight to the park.

The girl with the wet panties, opened the door and as soon as she putted her thighs apart, to get out of the car, she started to pee and could no more stop.

She was squatting beside the car and pissed her panties.

The second girl opened the other door and as soon as she was out, she pulled her panties down, lifted her shirt and pissed with high pressure, beside the car.

At both car doors was a pissing girl, the boys did not know, where should look.

As they were sitting again in the car were both girls smelling from wee, their panties were wet, their thighs and their legs were wet from wee and their slit’s were wet as well, because they had nothing to wipe.

The girls were very ashamed and excused oneself for acting like school girls, but they were needing to go since before noon.

