The pop concert!

Author: huberp76

*000*2022-01-09 13:01

A boy invited his new girlfriend to a pop concert.

He picked her up from her parents house, but he was a half an hour to early. The girl was not ready dressed and had to hurry now, because she did not want to make him wait for to long.

She would have needed to wee too, but did not take the time for doing it, she did not go.

They had to go for about one hour by car to a stadium in a other city.

It was a open air concert and what the girl did not know, they had standing room tickets.

They had to queue up in front of the entrance and as soon as the door got opened they were running inside to get a good place near the stage.

They could get a place directly in front of the stage and the stadium was getting full in a short time.

The girls urge to wee was getting stronger in that 2 hours since she dressed her up at home. Before they did leave, she thought that they have reserved seats in the stadium and that she could go to the toilet before the concert would start, but now it was impossible.

“I need a loo.“ said the girl, in a shy way to her new friend.

“Oh you poor, but if you leave now, you will never get the chance to come back to this place she said.

“Can you hold it? I think you can!“ he asked her.

“That sounds so easy, hold it, but i think that will get very hard. I am needing to wee since long before we left my home, but you was to early and i did not go because i wanted not to make you wait and now i have to hold it for 3 hours more.“ answered the girl.

The boy was getting hard at the moment, he loved to know that his girl had a full bladder and that she was needing to wee and had to hold it.

He was turned on and wanted to tease her and so he said „Oh my poor girl is needing to wee and can’t go. I hope you can keep your panties dry until it is over.“

“That is not funny, i really need to wee pretty bad.“ she said.

They had to wait nearly one hour before the show was starting. The boy had one bottle mineral for each of them and the girl was drinking a lot of it.

“How can she do that, she is needing to wee, she has her bladder full and is still drinking .“ though the boy to himself, but he did like it and he was happy and turned on about it.

The bottle should get more and more empty, her bladder should get more and more full and her need to wee should get stronger and stronger, that was it what the boy wanted.

It was amazing, 2 two hours later the bottle was empty, the girls bladder was overfilled, but she was still jumping and dancing at the rhythm of the music.

She must have been really good in pee holding and in bladder control, the boy loved it and was aroused about it.

After the end of the concert, on the way to the parking lot, there were toilets and in front of the lady’s, was a long line.

The girl wanted to queue up and said „ that is really high time, before i doing it in my panties.“

The boy wanted more pee holding, more desperation, more overfilled girl bladder and so he asked „it’s really getting late and it will take a lot of time to get in. Can’t you wait until you are at home?“

“Do you really ask me that? You know how long i am needing to wee, you know that my bladder must be full to burst and you still want to make me wait, but okay, I’ll try it. One hour longer must be possible.“ she said.

As soon as they were in the car, she pushed her little skirt between her thighs in a way that her thighs were naked up to the top.

The boy did nearly cum in his shorts about this situation. He was needing to pee too pretty bad and he like the feeling of his full bladder, especially if the girl beside him was desperate and full to explode.

There were so many cars at the parking lot, that it was taking more than a half an hour to get to the road.

The girl pressed both hands hard between her thighs and said that it was a big mistake not to use the loo before leaving.

She said that her bladder hurts from holding it for so long and that she did not wee since she did get up in the morning.

That was nearly to much for the poor boy, he was getting so horny that he could not even think clearly „how can you endure that for so long? Let me see your panties, are they still dry, let me feel your bladder, it must be so full and hard!“ he said and lifted her little skirt.

„It seams that you like to see me suffer so bad!!?“ she said.

“Oh yea, sorry but i love it!! Just to think that you did not wee for so long and that you are needing to go since hours, makes me crazy.“ he answered.

He had his right hand in the girls panties, his finger deep inside the girl and he pressed softly on the girls swollen bladder.

The girl moaned from lust and pee need, but did let him do it.

At the girls house, she wanted to get out as soon as possible, but he did not let her, he kissed her and wanted not to stop kissing her.

He did like to kiss her and he loved to make her wait and hold.

The poor girl did not have a wee since 16 hours to that time, but he would have kissed her all night long, if he could have prevent her to take a much needed piss!!!!

