Once You Go Yellow

Author: HissGenerator

*000*2022-11-02 03:15

Chapter One: The Encounter

Laura found herself standing in a room wrapped in the arms of another girl: her hands gliding over every tender patch. She wondered how she’d gotten there, unable to quite pin-point the events that led up to this moment. There was the red-haired, fair-faced-freckled girl, her hazel eyes keen on feeling-up the curves from those petite love-handles, and excitedly tucked her bottom-left lip, bitten, beneath her teeth and pursed lips when both her hands curiously fondled, over Laura's cute black crop-top, the underside-roundedness of her average-sized breasts.

W-was.. she.. the one who sat beside me at the table by the pool.. but how is it that she has her warm, wet lips against my throat – and who even is she?! Ugh.. quit questioning and just let it be--Wait, don’t! Who-who is.. i-is.. ahh.. forget it, jus.. feeling.. her palms around me.. lifting them is like floating on a still pond of water..

She realized in her half-conscious stupor the extent of her drunkenness: flashes and bits and pieces of memory coming back to her of the booze she so readily downed without a proper breath in between, yet simultaneously depressing the unknown gravity of the situation in favor of the deliberate care she is receiving.

The red-head complimented me on my tolerance – oh yeah, I remember.. I think.. – something about never having been a prolific drinker herself or whatever..

Wait.. am I even into girls, now..? Then, why am I letting her have her way with me--

Suddenly, giggling echoed into her questioning mind: the fair-faced girl reading her droopy eyelids twitching and struggling to open. She giggles once again and seductively taunts:

"You’ve been a naughty girl, now, haven’t you..?", her giggle immediately resuming thereafter.

Naughty.. gir–wha–? What is she..?

Laura doesn’t realize it yet, with all the heat of her blood rushing to her favorite areas, which this fondling girl had teased out, but soon began to gradually feel this slight brisk coolness striking across the face of both her upper thighs. There was a massive circular dark splotch on the front of her gray-jeaned pelvis, having now grown cold: knocking on her skin for some warmth, forcefully barging in and stealing it outright..

Oh no, did I.. p-pee myself – ugh, I promised myself I wouldn’t drink enough to do this again.., her countenance laments, her quarter-drunk face poorly expressing her grief while another quarter revealing her acquiescence to the fondling-induced ecstasy pervading her mind.

"No, no.. don’t worry, it’s just a little pee – plus, I bet it felt so good to go a little – I know you must’ve been dying back at the table", the red-head calmly reassures her face.

Laura's face winces, rendered peculiar regarding reaction:

Why does it sound like she’s into it–Wait, why am I even thinking about that? I don’t even remember peeing?!

Her mind began to worry, nervous about being taken advantage of; nervous about whether she had consented to any of this touching in the first place, when it all suddenly flooded her mind in bulk to the contrary: she's the one who started it.

Ooh crap, I remember now.. because when I got up for a moment for the loo – I was so bursting to go – I got up too quick inebriated, stumbling forward and knees buckling from the intensity, nearly slammed my forehead on the glass table. She pulled my arm towards herself and we embraced our way onto the floor.

Like the cliché of every sexually tense scene between two people waiting for the other to spill the beans about their attraction, they stared into each other, and though furiously drunk, her consciousness nonetheless peaked out from between the veil of alcohol and began to experience a more heightened sense of what’s pressing where around her. Something about feeling this red-head’s breasts cuddling against hers, the distended belly tingling into the space deep between her gray-jean-covered thighs when her stomach connected with hers, and the brush of hot piss rushing out forced thereby into that deeply tight crevice, guided the exhilaration of her blood up to her throat and reddened her lips tender: tingling with a negative electricity yearning to attract her positive.

Crap.. did I pee on her..? But.. I.. also liked it–I mean her–I mean.. I didn’t know I was into girls until then, but what do I know: I’m drunk! Ugh, I don’t even know what her name is, yet I’m letting this red-head explore.. more and more of me..

The red-head introduces her tongue, making full acquaintance with her ear-lobe, and streaking its warm pressure across her throat, its trail swiftly evaporating and leaving behind the stickiness of dried saliva: all of it renders her neck paralyzed; her head falls back limp and mouth gaped wide; her throat twitches upwards in a dry-heave-like manner, voicing out a mangled moan, unable to decide as how it should react to the tantalizing tongue violating it.

"Oh.. you def’ need to go again..", the fondling girl dirtily remarks her lips into Laura's throat just beneath the ear, when her gliding hands estimate the roundness of that distended belly buried beneath her high-waist, dark-splotched jeans.

She steps back, seeking a curious glimpse of the wet damage done, unable to unhook the chains of fire in her hazel eyes on the circle splotch just slightly darker than the rest of the drunk girl’s pelvis, quickly enthralled by the fantasy that develops behind her mesmerized look and what she plans to do to her semi-impaired subject. Her eyes snap back to Laura's face, watching the sea of pleasure that oxygenates her face, and the fidgeting that starts to stealthily creep out of her stature as her limp standing-trance begins to notice that external simulation has stopped. Her heart jumps to her throat and a tingling of taboo sprinkles about her body; she bites her finger at the exhilarating opportunity that has presented itself to her.

The red-head releases her fingernail, draws back in closer – as if she’s stepped back into the heat-intense aura-silhouette of the half-drunk girl upon re-entry – and extends her bitten pointer finger forward, gracefully circling the circumference of the cold splotch against her pelvis and briefly examines the degree of wetness with the back of her hand

"Yeah, we’re gonna need to warm you up a bit..", her thirsty mind unthinkingly lets out.

