The prisoner

Author: huberp76

*000*2024-06-02 21:03

This is a story about a young girl, she was just a little over 18. The story includes brutally and sadism.

There was a bad and naughty girl who was criminal since her early youth.

She and some of other girls and boys in their group bereaved people on the street. Therefore she was in prison since some days. It was not her first time in prison.

The police caught just her, her friends could escape. They wanted to know the identity of the others, but she didn’t say it, she didn’t speak at all.

It was at a country with a totalitarian government with all rights for the police and no rights for the people.

At the second morning they did bring her directly from her prison cell to the interrogation room.

They didn’t give her the opportunity to get dressed, they did bring her to the room in her nightdress.

The nightdress was short and reached not even to the girl’s bony knees.

Underneath she was totally naked!! No bra and no panties!!

She was a skinny creature with not even 48 kilograms.

Before they did leave the cell, asked the girl for the toilet, but they didn’t let her go.

”But i need to piss!!!” Said the girl loud and angry.

”Maybe, but we don’t let you. Squeeze your dirty slut cunt tight and hold it.” answered the guy’s.

”Dirty, sadistic bastards.”blustered the underbred gal.

They did lead her to the interrogation room. There were 3 guys waiting for the questioning.

It was pretty cool at the room and the girl had just that thin nightdress on her skinny, young body, she did not even wear shoes.

She was cold and she was needing to wee, she had not weed since yesterday 9 pm and they didn’t let her to the toilet before they were leaving her cell.

She was sitting on a wooden chair with just the thin fabric of her nightdress between her naked thighs, her naked little ass and the cool wood of the chair.

The guys started to ask some questions, but the girl didn’t again answer even one of them.

“We have a lot of time, we leave you alone and come back in two hours, maybe that you are ready to talk then.” said one of the guys, well knowing that the girl was needing to piss and that her urge would get stronger during the 2 hours.

They were leaving the room and looked through a hole for to watch the girl from outside.

They could see how she pushed the fabric off her nightdress between her thighs.

Her super slim naked thighs were visible up to the top.

”Look how urgently that slut is needing to piss!” Said one of the guys.

”I am curious how long it will last before she piss herself.” Said another one.

It was already 10.30 when the guys came back. The girl was sitting with one hand between her thighs and her legs tight crossed over it.

As soon as she saw the men she butted her hand away, pulled her nightdress down to her knees and did try to act as normal as possible.

She didn’t want to seem weak.

Again started the guys with the questioning and again the girl didn’t answer.

”We told you that we have time the entire day and if it is necessary some days longer.

We will be back after lunch!” Said one man.

The girls need to pee made her soft and friendly and so she asked “ may i go to the toilet please?”

”No you may not, not before you talk with us, not before you answer our questions.” Said the guy and they did leave, but before he said “ oh you poor didn’t have a breakfast since now, you will get breakfast and lunch at once. Just bread and water will be enough for you skinny slut! Don’t forget the water that you don’t get dehydrated.”

Water I was the last what she was needing. Her bladder was hurting and her urge was already painful when the guys came back after lunch.

Again she did try it in a friendly way “ they didn’t let me to the toilet in the morning, may i go now please. It would be really, really urgently and very necessary, I’ll do it very quickly, but please let me go.” she was begging.

”Not before you tell us the names of your friends.” answered a man.

The girl’s need made her angry “ i am cold and i have to piss now, let me finally piss, you dirty sadists.” she blustered.

“No you will not piss, you have been bad and strong enough for bereave someone, you will now be strong enough to hold your pee! Squeeze your cunt together and hold it!” answered one of the men.

„One thing you should know before we stop our questioning for today, you will be not allowed to go to the toilet for the rest of the day and not before you are going to sleep. Your bladder has to stay full until we go on tomorrow morning.

To prevent that you piss yourself like a dirty gal we block you up with a kind of chastity belt. You will not be able to piss, not even when you try it very hard.

Tomorrow morning you will know what it means needing to piss very bad. Maybe you will be ready and willing to talk then with us!!?“ he said.

“You kill me, you burst my bladder if you don’t let me piss for so long.“ said the girl.

“We don’t kill you, it’s up to you what you decide to do, but i can tell you that you can’t even believe and imagine what you are able to endure if you have to.

We made bladders of girls big as a pumpkin, the girls looked like they were pregnant for 6 or 7 months.

I am sure that when we meet tomorrow morning your bladder will bulging out of your skinny frame as well like a pumpkin.„ answered the guy.

*002*2024-06-03 08:51

{{5 hours ago, Rexone_312 said:

Please tell us what happens next. Did the girl always have a strong bladder?

}}

Oh yes that girl has a very strong bladder. Her bladder was not always that strong but she acquired a strong bladder, she trained her bladder and she was getting accustomed to have her bladder full and overfilled for hours.

She did spend the entire day with her gang on the streets with nearly no opportunities to piss.

The boys pissed many times during the day.

On and off she did get a chance to squat behind a bush, but mostly she had to hold it from early in the morning until late in the evening.

Her bladder and her sphincter became very strong this way.

Sometimes when she had her legs knotted, late in the evening and when she admitted to the boys that she is about to piss in her panties, they teased her and said that they will buy a cork for her to plug her piss hole, if she is to weak to hold it with her own power.

The girl’s bladder is pretty strong and very big, but will she be able to endure not to piss until next morning???? She is just a skinny girl!!

*005*2024-06-13 09:16

The girl was needing to pee already very bad, but she decided to suppress her urge and to suffer instead to betray her “friends.”

“We bring you back to your cell and give you the chance to call us before 6 pm to tell us the names of your colleagues, if you don’t, you get a chastity belt with plugs in your two holes.” said one of the men.

“If you will piss just a little bit before, then you get spanked on your naked ass and on your skinny thighs and you get made to drink the double amount of liquid what you pissed.” said another of the three guys.

”I have not peed since yesterday evening, my bladder will burst if you are doing that with me.” said the girl.

” You don’t have to be afraid about it, it will hurt you a lot, but your bladder will not burst.

We already plugged girls up and made them hold for longer than two days and their bladders didn’t burst.”

“To pee or not to pee, that is the question and you can decide it.” teased one man.

She did not talk and didn’t answer the questions.

They did bring her back to her cell and she started to think about how long she will be able to endure this torture, she remembered on her until now longes hold.

It was not so long ago, she was with 3 boys in a shopping mall and they got behold at thieve.

They had to runaway but some of the securities were close behind them.

They could escape through a back door, there was a construction area with some containers.

They went in one of the containers and did stay there for more than a half an hour, until it was getting quite outside.

Suddenly they heard that the container was getting closed. They were afraid about it because they did know that they would be trapped inside for the night.

Especially was the girl worried because it was late evening and she had not weed since early morning and she was needing to go since hours.

She didn’t get a chance as so often. She was get used to hold it, but it would be impossible for her to hold a bladder full from the day all night long.

She asked the boys what she should do, but they simply said „ that you have to piss is not really our biggest problem at the moment. Squeeze your stinking cunt slit together and hold it. You are a gal and gals should be able to hold it!“

“Easy to say for you, you pissed three times during the day but i not even once.” replied the girl angry.

2 or 3 hours later said one of the boys that he would need to pee too.

It was not really dark in n the container, there was a barred window and there were lights outside.

At one corner they discovered a hole in the wall for ventilatory and the boy could use that for to piss outwards.

He stuck his penis out of the hole and pissed. The other two did that as well, just the girl couldn’t do that, she didn’t have a penis.

”That is not fair, i need to piss too, i am holding it all day long, my bladder is full to explode, i don’t no more know what to do.”wailed the girl.

”You can do nothing, you have a cunt between your thighs, you can’t piss here.

Make a knote in your legs and hold it, your legs are skinny enough that you are able to do that.” said one of the boys sarcastic and sadistic.

There were styrofoam boats inside, they did put it on the floor and used it for to sleep.

After midnight said the girl that she can’t bear up any longer and that it is getting too painful for her. She said that she will piss somewhere in the corner. She wanted already pull her panties down to squat, but the boys didn’t let her.

” You will not piss here inside, we don’t want to smell your stinky piss all night, you will hold it!! You are a big gal and old enough to hold it and stop to whimper, try to sleep.” said one of the boys.

The boys were turned on very much about the girls desperation and to see her press her hands between her naked thighs on her panties.

”Is it really that bad?” asked a boy. “It is more than bad, i need to piss worth than ever before in my entire life, my bladder is already big and hard as a bowling ball.” answered the girl and caressed her swollen belly.

”Let me show you your bladder!” said one boy and lifted her skirt up.

The boys were seeing her swollen bladder what was visible bulging out of her thin lower abdomen up to her belly button and from hipbone to hipbone.

They wanted to feel the firmness and hardness of her pissball and pressed and pushed on it. They did like to torture that poor girl and her so much overfilled bladder.

They wanted to see her tremble and to hear her moan from needing to piss so very, very bad.

One of the boys pressed very hard and very deep in the girls stomach, he squeezed and tortured her bladder very hard, but it was amazing what the girl was able to endure and how good she was trained to hold her urine back. She could keep her little panties still dry.

Early in the morning she wanted to squat again in the corner “ i can’t wait anymore, i have to piss now!!!! It is unbearable, i absolutely don’t care if it’s stinky or not.” she said.

But the boys didn’t let her still not squat, they didn’t let her do a so much needed piss!

The poor girl was sitting with knotted legs and one hand between her thighs pressed hard against her slit, where the pee wanted come out so bad and so urgently.

At about 8 in the morning they heard some noise outside and they heard guys talking and opening the door.

As soon as it was open they were running away. The girl could not run very fast with rubbing knees and one hand pressed between her thighs.

”Look at that gal, she is nearly pissing herself!” said one of the workers.

They could escape, because the guys didn’t run after them.

Not far away, was the girl squatting behind a bush and pissed like a cow.

The boys watched her with a boner in their shorts.

The girl was sitting in her cell and remembered at that experience, it was the first time that she was holding her wee for longer than 24 hours.

But now she should go to sleep with her bladder full of 24 hours.

How can she endure that and what happens if the men play tomorrow the same game with her. “No talk no piss” ? she thought to herself and didn’t know what to do.

*007*2024-06-16 20:40

{{12 hours ago, Denial said:

Love these stories! They're so direct and clearly reflect a passion for the story! I should comment more often, but please run with any idea that interests you, and don't worry about if some people might not like it - personally I prefer ones where theres no choice given, and the tension builds as gradually as possible and keeps going as long as possible whilst staying believable - your Farm Girls one is a perfect example!

}}

Thank you very much for your statement and for your feedback.

I am glad that you like my stories and the way how i write my passions - clearly and directly, how you wrote.

You did bring it to the point, girls (boys) should hold it, or should be forced to hold it as long as possible, up to their absolutely limit, or a little bit longer. Their bladders should get stretched and expanded to oversize, nearly to the size of a soccer ball, but it should stay believable and possible.

You wrote that i should not worry about people who doesn’t like my stories.

I don’t worry about them, but we are here a very special group of people in that forum, people with very special and sometimes very different habits and passions and it is disappointing how intolerant some of them are.

Thank you again for your comments and i would be glad if you comment on and off my stories.

$

*011*2024-06-23 11:20

{{On 6/22/2024 at 4:53 AM, Denial said:

Sorry, I only check in now and then. I've been a big fan of Hubertp ever since I found this story on here - he really has a vivid way of telling his stories, and I love how what he does is so very much what Omorashi is about, and not just deliberate wetting or worse. I always look for posts from Hubertp when I come here (though many other talented awesome people are here too)

I meant this:

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="44721" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed9851486888" style="height:359px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/86080-girls-gets-punished-for-to-be-girls/?do=embed&comment=2056371&embedComment=2056371&embedDo=findComment#comment-2056371"

Thanks.

}}

Denial, it feels so good to get such a positive feedback. Thank you!!

I am glad that you like my stories and the way i write it.

*012*2024-06-23 20:26

{{On 6/17/2024 at 6:57 AM, JD0417 said:

I’d like to know how far into their profile we have to go to find the Farm Girls one?

}}

I think that “SDBV 1988” is right and that the name of the story is “The evil Policeman”.

There was a “country girl “ who was working in a city far away from her home.

She had to go by bus from evening until the morning without a single stop. Not even for to pee.

Sometimes she was needing to wee in the morning so bad that she was squatting behind a bush as soon as she was getting out of the bus.

There was the evil policeman, he did know very well that the bladders of the girls were very full after holding it for so long and that they were needing to wee very, very badly.

He saw the country girl walking behind the bush, then he waited until she had her panties down under her knees and just before she pissed just one drop he stopped her.

She had to pull her panties up and hand to come with her full bladder with him to the police station.

There he didn’t let her go to the toilet for the rest of the day and longer.

I think that is the story what you meant!??

*016*2024-07-30 12:00

{{On 7/29/2024 at 4:09 AM, omocollegegirl said:

What totalitarian country does she live in, i'm curious? China? North Korea? Turkmenistan? Eritrea?

}}

Which country would you prefer?

I like Asian girls and boys. They are usually petite, slim and very smooth..

But the country where my story happened is imaginary, it is just very totalitarian .

The people, especially the girls have no rights, the regime have all rights.

It is not that what we want in reality, but for our dirty fantasy and imagination can it be helpful.

*017*2024-07-31 13:20

Two jailer brought the girl back to her cell.

The two were very primitive, very sadistic and very brutally.

They did like to torture girls and to hurt them. Especially there where it hurts them most and where it is extremely painful for a girl.

Sometimes they got the order to whip and to cane the naked girl and they did that with much pleasure.

Especially they loved it if girls were banned to piss for a extreme long period of time.

They loved it when the girls were made to hold their urine until their bladders were bulging out of their bellies and their bladders were full to explode.

Then used the sadistic guys sometimes to press and to push deep in the girls lower abdomen to torture the girls already hurting bladder even more.

Bladder torture and cunt torture was their favorites.

The poor girl had not weed since the evening before. She suppressed her urge the entire day, she was needing to go since she waked up in the morning, but they still didn’t let her do a much needed pee!

Banned to piss for a extreme long time is one of the worst tortures at all and that guys love to torture the girls that way.

She walked very slowly with small steps and rubbing knees. She was lightly bent over and had one hand pressed between her thighs.

“Hurry up, we don’t have so much time and put your hand away from your dirty stinking cunt!!“ blustered on of the guys.

The girl was near to tears and said „ i need to pee so bad, let me piss please, I’ll be willing to do all for a pee!”

“We are not entitled to let you do that and into the bargain you should get punished for being a bad gal, therefore stop to whine and hold it, slut.“ said the man.

“I have an additional problem, my bowels are full as well, i need to shit as well very, very badly.

I will piss and shit myself in the cell if you don’t let me to the toilet, i can’t stand it, i can’t hold it any longer.“ said the girl.

The guy’s were always get turned on about a girl who was desperate to piss but it was not turning them on if she was needing to poo.

One of the man told her that they were not allowed to let her piss, her bladder had to stay full for the questioning next morning, but nobody did talk about her bowels, her bowels could be empty.

“How should that work? „ asked the girl.“

„ It will jet out of both of my holes as soon as i sit on the toilet, maybe already before i am able to sit.

My bladder is so full, i have so much pressure inside my bladder, it will be absolutely impossible for me to shit but not to piss.“ said the girl.

“That will not be a real problem, we have a plug for weak girls who can’t hold their urine long enough, we plug your front hole, then you can do your big business without to piss.”said one guy.

The girl agreed, she had not really another choice than to agree.

They did let her take a shower after all and leaded her back to her cell.

The skinny gal was totally naked, her bladder was visibly in her thin abdomen.

One of the guys could not resist, he went behind the girl and pressed deep in her belly and squeezed her very full bladder very hard.

The girl screamed about her inhuman need to piss and about her bladder pain.

She crossed her slim legs and was shaking with all her body.

She didn’t have to cross her legs, she was still plugged up and wouldn’t have been able to piss, but she did it instinctive and automatically like girls use to do that when they are needing to wee very badly.

The man massaged and tortured girls bladder with both hands.

“Let me piss, my bladder is about to explode.“ was the girl begging.

“ No, i already told you that we are not allowed to let you piss.

Your bladder is pretty full, but still soft, it can contain a lot more if it has to.

I felt the bladders from girls who were banned to piss for 3 or 4 days i can tell you the bladders were big as a pumpkin and hard as a rock .“ answered the guy and stopped to torture the girl.

The girl was calming down, it was a little bit endurable for the girl, because her bowels was empty and her bladder had more room to expand in her thin stomach.

The guys pulled the plug slowly out of her piss hole.

She pressed one finger on her little hole and knotted her slim legs over her hand to be able to keep her urine inside her.

The guy’s wanted to be sure that the girl could not cheat and therefore she had to wear white undies and she did get bonded with both hands on the frame of the bed.

One of the men turned out the light and said „squeeze your cunt hole tight and keep your panties dry!

If you piss just one drop, if there is just a little yellow patch in your white panty, will you get caned on your little ass, on your thin belly, on your skinny thighs and for sure between your thighs, where your dirty piss was coming out.

Believe me, that will hurt a lot more than to hold a full bladder.”

The girl was afraid, she was laying on the plank bed with her legs tight crossed.

She was thinking about the night in the container, where the boys didn’t let her pee, where she had to hold it for more than 24 hours. She was needing to go so badly that she pissed in front of the guy’s.

But now she is already holding it since 24 hours, she is needing to piss so frantic urgently, but they still don’t let her go.

How long will she be able to stand that, how much longer can she endure it not to piss??

Absolutely not for one entire day!! How can girls endure not to piss for 3 days?

All that questions she asked herself, before she could finally sleep.

*018*2024-08-01 18:11

The imagination that they didn’t let the girl do her morning pee, that they made her hold her wee the entire day is bad but exciting as well.

The poor girl had not weed since the evening before, she was needing to pee so very, very bad and so extremely urgently, but she had to go to sleep with her bladder full from 24 hours.

The imagination that they didn’t let the girl do her morning pee, that they made her hold her wee the entire day is bad but exciting as well.

The poor girl had not weed since the evening before, she was needing to pee so very, very bad and so extremely urgently, but she had to go to sleep with her bladder full from 24 hours.

