What is your favorite way to make a girl hold her pee?

Author: huberp76

*000*2022-03-20 10:47

Witch way to you like to make a girl hold?

For example, i am with a girl at a event, sport event, music event, or anything like that.

The girl did not go to the toilet all day long. I know that she has not weed since she left her home. I know that her bladder must be very full after holding it for so long.

At evening on the way to our bus, there are toilets with a short line of girls in front.

She stop and say that she need to go. I know that the journey will last longer than 2 hours, but i tell her that we don’t have time enough, because our bus is leaving, or i say simply that i don’t want to wait for her for so long and that she should hold it.

She tell me that it would be very urgent and really necessary, but i don’t let her go, i take her by her hand and say that she should wait until at home and that she should hold it.

To buy two large drinks for the journey, on the way to the bus at a kiosk and to spend 2 or 3 more hours with her and her overfilled bladder and a strong need to wee, would be a great imagination for me.

*002*2022-03-20 12:06

{{7 minutes ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

The question is when you get to your home are you Are you going to let her pee or torture a bladder by Having sex with her

}}

No wee before sex!

Maybe that it would be torture for her, but some girls like it to get tortured this way.

Some like it to have sex with a bursting full bladder.

I like that for sure!!!!! Her bladder can never be full enough for me!

*004*2022-03-21 14:54

Another imagination.

I take a girl home for to stay overnight.

I don’t give her a really good chance to go to the loo before sleeping. She is holding it since hours. In the morning she would need to wee already really urgently. She wants to get out from the bed to go to the bathroom.

I don’t let her, i take her by her hand and pull her back in the bed.

”You can go later, wait until afterward!” i say and then i start with a long for play.

To “play “ with her and with her overfilled bladder for one hour, or longer, before i have a full bladder sex with her, would be absolutely great for me.

*010*2022-04-18 08:41

{{On 3/20/2022 at 12:53 PM, Roronoa Zoro said:

The question is when you get to your home are you Are you going to let her pee or torture a bladder by Having sex with her

}}

I would not let her go! She should have to hold it longer, much longer.

A long foreplay and then sex!

*015*2022-04-20 13:46

{{9 hours ago, Spectre Jester said:

I wouldn’t force a girl to hold it in, I just wouldn’t ever let her pull down her panties. I’m not making her hold it, she can do whatever she wants. It’s just that she’s going to have to pee through her underwear. Or she can keep holding, but that’s her choice. Either way I’ll be enjoying myself!

}}

That sounds so hot, you don’t force a girl to hold her pee, but you don’t let her pull down her panties.

She can do whatever she wants, but she is not allowed to pull her panties down, absolutely great!

You enjoy both, to see her holding and to see her wetting.

Me too, I like both, but i like panty peeing just when the girl can’t hold it anymore, not on purpose.

It is amazing how much girls sometimes torture them self, just to keep this little fabric between their thighs dry.

*017*2022-04-21 21:16

{{On 4/20/2022 at 6:07 PM, Spectre Jester said:

Well it depends. She may pee herself on purpose just to get it over with, or she’ll eventually lose control after holding for so long. Either way she’s not making it out without soaked underwear.

}}

If she pee her panties just for fun, is not so really exciting for me.

I love it if a girl fight with all her power and all available funds that a girl has, to keep her panties dry. I love it if she hold her wee back in her full bladder as long as any possible!

But you are right and I totally agree with you, if a girl start’s to leak, or if she wee her panties, because she absolutely can’t hold it anymore, that is very hot too!

