Hiking with My Crush

Author: HissGenerator

*000*2022-07-16 06:08

Here’s another story. All characters are adults in college, though I don’t mention their ages. I just want to make that clear, since some of the behaviors of characters are immature.

###

Hiking with My Crush

Gosh, Casey is so.. pretty..

Her small, cute olive nose and cheek bones lightly scattered with faint-brown freckles. My hearts beckons out of my chest just thinking about giving it a peck.

And her hair: gosh, when her white smile stretches from ear to ear during her easily-induced chuckles, her light-brown tendrils unlatching from behind her ears to the front of her face, framing it as her hair falls to her jaws.

Oooo, I don’t even know which part of her is better?! How cou—

“Tony?! Tony?!”

“H-huh, w-w-whu—“

“I said: ‘Are you ready to go, Tony?—already lost, why am I not surprised..”

“Oh yeah, of course! I’m ready: ready Freddy, right Casey?”

“Gosh, you’re so lame..”

“Okay — here’s the thing — while we’re hiking, you stay all the way over there, yes, over there by Kenny, and I’ll be over here, next to Roger; capeesh?”

“Wel—I.. I was thin—“

“Alright guys! Everything’s packed—Elliot don’t forget the map like last time, got freakin’ damn-near lost because of you—“

“Right, says the man who said he knew the trail by heart; don’t worry, Roger, I’ll make sure to totally forget the map just to rub it in your face.”

“—the only thing that’s going to be rubbed is your face in the dirt when I shove it into the ground like last time; just get the damn map!”

Gosh those two never let up, always bantering and butting their egos together. That shit gets so annoying at times — like when Elliot forgot the map: they kept going back and forth the whole hike, trying to get in the last clever diss; until when we reached the pond and Roger impatiently shoved Elliot into it.. totally wasted the time needed to cover the entire trail and had to go back to the start before it got extremely dark.

At least I got to stand next to Casey whilst we watched them wrestle in the pond.

Man, she was wearing these light-grey girdle leggings, which made it almost impossible not to look at her perfectly slim thighs: tanned-olive and slim, and her upper inseams almost touching; I tell myself constantly not to stare, but sometimes the trail inclines and I’m right behind her, so my eyes have hardly anywhere else to look upon.

Just being next to her—

“TONY?! Come on, what is wrong with you!?”

“Ahh!—SSSS—why the hell are you punching me for?!

“I keep calling and calling, and you just stand there.. lost.. What are ya, deaf?!”

Ugh, as pretty as she is, she gets real harsh real quick at times..

“Hey, Kenny, what’s going on?”

Yep, the same raised eyebrows as a response. Frankly, I don’t get why Kenny even comes along if he’s gonna act like a wallflower. Gosh, is that why Casey keeps me next to him. No.. I’m no wallflower!

We’re thirty minutes into the trail, having cut through forest with relatively little slopes, but after a narrow right turn, we arrived at a steep forty-five-degree incline. The sign nearby says to use the handrails and not the trees roots that branch into the path floor as leverage, but since we ignored that last time, we’ll ignored it this time.

The path substantially narrows here, so we have to go up in a single file: first Roger, then Elliot, Casey, I, and Kenny. Forget going one at a time, we just go up slowly together; and once again my eyes have nowhere to go except lay onto Casey’s bare back thighs. I mean, I have to be looking down to watch where I step, but her butt is like right in my face.

As much as my brain tells me to stop looking, my heart reassures a short glance should be alright. She decided on dark-blue jean short-shorts this time, hemmed just slightly below the extent of her butt and showing more tanned-olive skin than when she was wearing those leggings.

Gosh, her legs are just so.. mm, her thighs as wide as the width of a kickball, without a blemish — apart from a bruise just above her back right knee — her upper thighs slim down to her knees, leaving a gap between them and the upper part, and her calves as mini-footballs and shins slimming down as the thickest end of a baseball bat. Even her feet are cute, though hidden under her short white ankle socks and black athletic shoes: her shoe size is small, probably a five.

As she climbs up, it’s impossible not to appreciate her jiggling thighs.

Finally we climb to the top, as Casey steps off, her foot catches a branch—

“Hey Case—watch out, the branch!!”

But I’m too late.

Her right foot slides underneath it and she trips forward falling on both of her knees. Her thighs jiggle when they slap shut as she throws her knees together, crashing down on them like so.

“Ahh! O-ow!”

“He—hey! Are you okay?! Come on, let me help you.”

“Thanks Elliot.. damn, that totally caught me off..”

..I froze in my trek, my eyes starring up at her as she had fallen, then helped up and brushed the brown dust off her scrapped knees. She turns around mid-speech to catch me starting at her, and our eyes meet cutting her off..

“..guard..”

Since I was at an incline, my head was below her butt. When she fell, my eyes caught something twinkle from between her upper thighs and cascade a few drops down her upper right inseam, glide down out from within and across her lower back thigh, and suspend just at the bruise above her back knee.

We stare at each other for five seconds, my mouth opens slightly, which makes her eyes widen, signaling to her that I witnessed what she thought was unseen knowledge that only she possessed: she tinkled into her shorts as she fell. Luckily for her, no drops fell onto the brown dirt, merely remaining clinging to her olive skin.

She quickly breaks her stare, turning around and continues to walk, as if ignoring the fact that I just saw her do what she did.

“Uhh, Tony..?”

Wow, she just peed herself.. that’s hilar—

“..Tony..?”

“Hu—oh, sorry Kenny: forgot you were behind me..”

I climb up the final rest of the incline, my eyes fixed on her backside.

‘You know, she’s given you such a hard time, why don’t you return the favor.’

I shake my head, my revengeful mind yearning to get her back, but my heart has her in a soft spot, overruling my brain.

She doesn’t even bother wiping the drops off the back of her right thigh. Make sense as I’m right behind her: she doesn’t want to confirm what I know I saw.

After covering much ground, we finally arrive at our pit-stop of the day. There’s an amazing flat area of ground beside a beautiful pond, surrounded by trees, bushes of colorful flowers, and tall grasses. We set up our tents, only for Roger and Elliot to began bickering once again..

“What the hell do ya mean you only brought two?”

“What do ya mean ‘what do ya mean’, ya dumbass: two means two tents; you know what two means don’tchya?”

“My God, Elliot, I swear you’ve got some kind of brain problems: there’s five of us and two tents. We need three: two for two guys each and one for Casey!”

“I swear, Elliot, you ain’t comin’ with us next time..”

“Well, I wouldn’t have forgotten if you’d keep pesterin’ me about the map..

“HO— y-you’re blaming me now, aren’t ya..?”

Oh God, here we go again.

“Hey!”

“Hey!”

“Roger!— HE—woah, woah, woah, come on! Will. You. Both. Just—Hey, get off of him—STOP!”

“Look, I get it, Elliot’s an idiot—“

“—Hey! I’m no—“

“—Let’s just figure out a solution, and it’ll all be fine. Getting on top of Elliot isn’t going magically give us a third tent, Roger!”

“So, then, what’re we gonna do then, Tony.. I ain’t sleepin’ outside!”

“Ugh, no.. how ‘bout three in one tent, two in the other?”

“Hm.. okay. Me, you, and Elliot; Casey and K—“

“No, no! Not with Kenny, give me Roger; so Elliot, Kenny, and Tony.”

“No, I ain’t goin’ with you, I need Elliot in my tent.. I need to pummel into that brain of yours—“

“—right, Roger needs some cuddle time with Elliot—“

“—why you.. Tony, come’er—“

“Haha, get away from me, save it for Elliot.. haha..”

“Gosh, you guys are so lame..”

“Okay, Roger, Kenny, and I—you ain’t got shit on me, Roger, I’d like to see you try..”

“So me.. and Casey?”

I look at her and a grin ever so slightly creeps out the corner of my mouth, signaling to her a reminder of what I saw earlier.

Her eyes beckon back at me with worry.

“Guys, come on, you really can’t stick me with Tony—“

I open my mouth just about to retort—

“Okay, then take Kenny—“

“No, Elliot, we’ve been there before..”

“Then take Tony, what else is there..?”

“Roger!?”

“Nah.. I ain’t goin’ with Casey. I have a NEED to be with Elliot—Oh, hoo, hoo, can’t wait to pummel the shi—

“—Argh, Gosh, these freakin’!..”

“Hey, what’s with the mumble and grumble, at least I ain’t Kenny..?”

She glares at me and continues mumbling under her breath as the tents get set up.

After the tents had been set up, Roger and Elliot take off nearby into the woods for some firewood and logs to sit on. Roger figured he could knock some sense into Elliot while they gather supplies for a campfire. I refused to go with, not wanting to rip my ears off listening to their bickering.

Wallflower Kenny was quiet the whole time, remained in the tent he’s sharing with Roger and Kenny. I, on the other hand, went to take a leak in some bushes nearby next to the pond. When I returned to my tent, Casey was already under the covers.

“Ugh..”

“Nice, so the blanket is only for you, I guess..”

“Ugh, why do I have to be stuck here with you..?”

Gosh, as pretty as she is, tonight is going to be more of a nuisance than anything else.

“Wha—no, lay over there—“

“What? All the way at the fuckin’ edge of the tent, smushed against its wall..?”

Gosh, I never curse, but damn she’s really gotten on my nerves.

“Come on, Casey, give it a rest. I get it, you don’t like me, but at least let me get a proper night’s rest.”

“Ugh.. whatever..”

“And give me some of the blanket, it’s freakin’ cold..”

I try to tug the blanket but she only tugs harder back to her side.

“Ha. How ‘bout no. You’re a guy, you can stand the cold.”

“Are you serious?”

“Did I stutter?”

“Ugh.. whatever..”

I slowly start to drift off to sleep as I hear Roger’s voice approach in the distance. It sounds like they didn’t any firewood; it sounds like they did nothing but argue. They both entered their tents arguing. Gosh, I kind of feel bad for Kenny..

I slowly begin drifting back to sleep, but am awaken by Casey’s constant shifting beside me. Whenever she shifts, the tent crinkles and the floor moves, keeping me awake.

“Excuse me, are you going to sleep or is this another form of torture?”

“Shut up, Tony..”

“Right, says the girl making noise..”

She keeps shifting every two minutes or so. And I could have sworn I could hear whimpering. I get up and turn to her and freeze, staring at her back silently, when she whimpers again:

“Hey, are you okay?”

No response.

“Casey..?”

I hear another soft whimper.

“Hey.. hey.. what’s going on..?”

“P-please leave me alone..”

“Hey, look, I would.. but it sounds like you’re crying..?”

“No.. I’m not.. leave me alone.. go back to sleep..”

“Are you sure..?”

“Ugh, Tony..?”

“Wow.. okay.. whatever floats your boat, then..”

As I try going back to sleep, she continues to shift, only less frequently; but every time she does, I can hear her whimper. What the hell is going on? How can I even sleep like this?

While lying on my back, she turns her face to me. I don’t notice at first — trying to sleep and all — but I open my eyes when I hear another whimper enter my right ear. I turn my face to her face and our eyes meet. Her eyebrows are wrinkled and face wincing as if worried whilst biting down on her bottom lips.

I mouth to her: “Are you okay?”

And she gently shakes her head. I look at how she’s laying: on her left side and in a fetal position. Her arms thrusting the blanket between her thighs, and her eyes squeezing shut as she ever so subtly shivers beneath. It all clicked in my brain.

I look back at her worried eyes and mouth to her:

“Do you have to use the bathroom?”

She gently shakes her head. But I can tell she’s lying.

“You don’t have to use the bathroom?”

She, once again, shakes no.

I raise my eyebrows and mouth: “Okay then..”, then turn my head and stare at the tent ceiling.

Her blanket noisily shifts again, so does the tent floor beneath her as her thighs glide against her sleep bag.

I turn my head again towards her to find her wincing face and squinting eyes, her arms thrusted almost all the way, just passed her elbows, shoving the blanket in her hands between her blanket-covered thighs.

I whisper: “Oh, come on, you have to pee.. don’t you?”

She shakes her head again.

“Stop lying, I can see your arms pressing the blanket in between..”

“Ugh..”, she lets out and whimpers again, this time right in my face, not trying to hide it.

“So why don’t you go?”

Her stifled breathe whispers back whilst shaking her head:

“I don’t want to go alone.”

“I’ll go with you.”

She briefly closes her eyes and shakes her head:

“No.”

“Why?”

“No. I don’t want to go with you.”

“Heh.. so.. you’re just going to shift in bed, and then what, wait it out..?”

She squeezes her eyes hard and lets go of her bottom lips, instead clenching her teeth together and whimpers a little louder through them.

“Gosh, Casey, you’re going to torture me with your desperation.. get up.. I’ll go with you..”

“I said no, Tony!”, she loudly says, almost breaking her whisper.

“Fine. But you better not wet yourself.. like you did so before..”

Her eyes widen, teeth unclench and lips part, glaring at me silently.

“Wha-hh.. I so did not—“

“Yes, you so did, I saw the drops tinkle twinkle right out of you!..”

She purses her lips inwards and glances her eyes away towards the ceiling of the tent.

“You peed yourself in front of me, I saw it. And I could’ve said something, considering how nasty you are to me..”

Her eyes swiftly lock back onto mine, wide-eyed.

“I so do not—“

“—Really, you’re going to question me on that—Hah—I mean, every time: ‘Tony you dumbass’ here and ‘Tony you deaf’ there, and the unwarranted punching. You won’t even give me a break, now, and I just want to sleep.”

“Are you finished..?”

“A-Ahhhh.. right.. whatever.. forget it.. pee yourself then, good night.”

I turn my back to her and shut my eyes.

She continues shifting, whimpering, while I tried my best to ignore her. But her whimpering only began to get louder and more drawn out. Her shifting would sound in intervals as her thighs glide against the sleeping bag material below her, then go still, and then a whimper would escape her mouth. And soon the pity started to overwhelm me.

Finally, I had the last straw, after she let out a loud whimper, and got up going for the zippered-shut tent door—

“What are you doing—where are you going..?”

“I’m going to pee — you’re wanting to pee makes me want to pee — come..”, I extend my left arm towards her whilst my body is halfway through the tent.

Her eyes beckon her yearning to tag along but she responds resoundingly:

“No, Tony.”

“No..? Okay, no it is; I, on the other hand, am going for a leak. See ya, and good luck; just don’t pee the sheets when I get back. Bye..”

I step out of the tent and make my way to where I last relieved myself. As I make twenty or so paces to my destination, I hear a soft voice cry in the distance:

“Wait!..”

Alas, my plan has worked: I’ve dragged her out of the tent.

“Change of heart?”

“Shut up and keep wal—..”

“Did you say.. ‘shut up’..?”

She cuts herself off, realizing she’s doing it again.

We walk another thirty paces until we arrive at the bush.

“There.. that’s where I went before; so go, I’ll be waiting, laying here by the pond shore.”

She looks at me, hesitant.

“Oh, come on, I’m not that far away — literally a few feet away. Unless you want me to watch you..?”

“Ugh, ew wha—what..? You creep!”

“Hahahahehehe, that’s what I thought. Go, so then I could go after.”

She goes off to the bush, partially disappearing behind it whilst I lay by the shore.

Woohhhh, the moon’s glare rippling off the soft tide of the pond’s waters is so mesmerizing. Surrounded by trees and greenery: it’s like a hidden garden of paradise.

She comes back out of the bush, standing over me as I sit watching the water of the pond soothingly ripple, appreciating its soft burbling sounds.

“What? Why are you standing next to me like that? I just want to watch the water.”

She looks at the water and shivers a little, then decides to sit next to my right and watch, too.

We sit there silently for a moment and she shivers again.

“Hey.. I-I’m sorry.. about before..”

“Hmm..?”

“Sometimes.. I just.. don’t know how to act in front of people..”

“What do you mean, we all know each other — well.. except for Kenny, but even Kenny, he’s just so quiet, ya know — anyways, there’s no use in acting unlike yourself.”

“No, I-I mean—“

“—you mean in front of Roger, right? Come on, I clearly see that. You even wanted him in your tent, haha!”

“No, I—“

“Come on, it’s alright. It’s alright to crush on people. But, sheesh, if you’re gonna get his attention, can you punch me less?”

“Wow.. you really are clueless, aren’t you..?”

“Huh..?”

“I don’t have a crush on Roger!”

“Oh, then Elliot?”

“Ugh.. no—Elliot, really.. what would even make ya thin—?”

“—Okay. Not Elliot, not Roger — it’s definitely not me — ... HHHO! Eewww.. Kenny..? No wonder you were so adamant about not having him in your tent!..”

“Ugh, whatever.. forget it..”

“Too shy to have him around, I see.. hahaha!”

“Hahaha, you like Kenny, that wallflower!”

“That’s hilarious!”

As I continue laughing, thinking about Kenny being with Casey and shaking my head in disbelief, she nudges herself closer until she lays her left hand over my right, which immediately thrusts me out of my drunken stupor. Upon feeling her hand over mine, I turn my face to her, and am met with hazel eyes staring deeply into mine.

In that moment, the contents of my brain are thrown into a jumbled mess, frantically attempting to recuperate after a laughing episode:

‘Why is she leaning so close into—?’

‘—Why is she staring at me so—?’

‘—Is there something behind—?’

‘Hey..? Why is her hand on me..?’

She gets closer and closer whilst I remain frozen in place and resting backwards against my arms until her eyes are inches from my own.

And it was in that tense moment when my brain pieces together what she was doing, forcibly shutting my eyes and leaning my head forwards. My lips receive a soothing warmth of pressure, which make my own take a mind of its own and begin to move to the rhythm of her lips on my face.

My brain beckons internally: “she wants you, ya dimwit..”

She releases me and whimpers, my eyes immediately fling open at the sound, falling upon her hands smushed in between her upper thighs.

“Wha—.. he— ww-wha—“

My mind a jumbled mess of words and emotions.

She squints her eyes and bites her bottom lips, whimpering again whilst her hands clench herself between her thighs.

“What’s wrong?”

“Oh.. nothing, nothing.. it’s just.. kissing you.. has..”

“Hm..? Oh, oh, I see.. that’sss.. okay, right..?”

“Hehe, yes.. I want to keep—“

Cutting her speech off into my lips as she leans into me once more, swiftly mounting herself onto to me thereafter.

She does as she pleases with me, debilitated by a swirl of emotions riding against my mind, as a tingling warmth explodes in my chest and tantalizingly grows slowly beneath me; it grows beneath her clothed pelvis, which she’s compressed against me. My chest bursts with flames within and only flares as I press my growing self into her pelvis, my heart gradually racing with excitement. Her lips suck the excitement out my very lips and then moans it back into mine, pressing her pelvis harder into me in response to the building pressure she feels pressing into her.l

Her lips release, her voice beckoning an amalgamation of moans and whimpering and simultaneously thrusts her hands between our pelvises, taking hold of herself whilst her hands brush against the bulge beneath her. She grooves her supple waist into me, whilst her hands are smothered between both our pelvises, continuing to whimper and moan.

She lets go of herself, grabs my right hand and guides its palm across the damp front of her jeans shorts: I feel a wetness across my palm and fingers.

“Press-ss-ss..”, her S’s linger every time she strokes her pelvis into mine.

I grab that wet part of her shorts and press my hand forwards into her, which she positively responds with a groan, her breathe quickly picking up, suddenly.

She bites harder down onto her lips, whimpering beneath them, her eyebrows wrinkled and eyes squinting, until her whimpers become outright moans which breach her bitten lips; she hunches forwards, resting against her right hand beside my left underarm, our torsos hovering a few inches apart. As the pressure in her pelvis ramps up, her jaw flings wide open and her throat ready to let loose, she thrusts her face into my chest and moans into it whilst tightly grasping my shirt with her left hand.

As the vibrations of her moans permeate into my ribs, and her torso pressed into mine violently shivers, I feel a sudden explosion of warmth erupt into the palm of my right hand cupped tightly against her. Another hot warmth erupts again whilst her moan reignites harder into my chest, her body shivering again into mine as I feel some kind of hot stream trickling out from between my fingers and down my wrist..

‘..Did she.. no..?’, my mind for a second reflects before denying and thinking of what I hoped she released into my hand.

My chest excited that I’m making her response like so, I press harder into her pelvis and move my hand up and down, to which she affirmatively beckons from her throat into my shirt, and shivers violently into me, another hot explosive liquid erupting out from her jean-shorts and into my hand, vibrating strongly beneath the fabric. I keep rubbing and she only continues releasing her warmth into me..

However, I quickly begin questioning why there’s so much.. I figured maybe I just made her.. her.. finish.. but there so much.. finishing..?

She keeps going, yet I stop moving my hand; she still continues, moaning and whimpering into my chest whilst my still hand is fully enveloped with surrounding hotness. It seeps into my khaki shorts below her, wetting my hard self with intense trickling warmth. I move the back of my hand against her trickling left inner thigh and slide my soaked fingertips up the hem of her shorts, which are met with a constant stream of hotness flowing through her panties—

Oh my.. is she freakin’ peeing on me—?

“Hey, what’r-yy—are you peeing on me??”

I try separating myself from her with my left hand, pushing it into her waist, whilst she cuts her streaming onto my right, but continues clinging herself to my chest, her arms tied around my lower waist..

She whimpers into my chest, sobbing, and refusing to remove her face digging into me:

“I-I.. I’m s-sorry-y-y..”

“You t-turned me on-n, b-but I couldn’t.. couldn’t hol—ld back-k-k..”

“D-Didn’t you go behind the bush..?”

“I c-couldn’t go.. I-I.. I was-s-s too n-nervous—p-please don’t tell.. any-anybody..”

Although I was annoyed that she literally went on my hand and shorts — I was ready to throw her off me — another thought lingered in my mind, a dirty thought: ‘wasn’t that kind of hot?’

‘I mean, she peed on you, which is gross, but something about having your hand against her when she was cool just suddenly erupt with intense heat was.. I don’t know.. and though she peed on you and you’re grossed out, your lower self refuses to retreat.. in fact, just replaying it in your mind is re-igniting..’

“Hey, hey.. it’s okay..”, sliding my left hand from her right lower waist and against her lower back, caressing it.

She unhooks her sobbing face out from my chest:

“W-what..?”

“It’s totally fine, it was an accident—actually it’s kind of my fault: I made you do this.”

“Huh..?”, her incredibly wrinkled eyebrows beckon.

I move the fingers still lodged in her shorts, pressing them into her panties, causing her body to jerk, unexpectedly.

“W-wha— you—“

“It’s okay, let’s just keep going..”

“Y-you want to keep g-going.. but I-I.. I still have to pee..?”

“Then pee, you’ve already started..?”

Her red, teary hazel eyes freeze their stare into mine, and lips part in shock..

“Keep.. going..?”

“Ho—how c-can I keep going now.. with you.. staring at me like that..?”

I smile, nodding my head. I wrap my left arm around her waist and squeeze her lower abdomen tightly into mine:

“Like this..”, placing pressure on her belly whilst my right-hand fingers resume on her surface over her freshly warm-soaked panties.

Her eyes water from tingling pressure and moans her voice into my face. She rests her right ear against my palpable chest, listening to the state of my heart as the hotness in her lower abdomen imminently resumes its exit. She violently shivers into my torso as my fingers are reintroduced to her hot flow, urinating out from beneath her panties as my fingers caress her pulsating self.

I remove my fingers out from the hem and reacquaint with her leaking panties as my slippery hand slips underneath the front of her shorts and glide over the utterly soaked and hot front of her panties beneath. Her throbbing self kisses the palm of my right hand as she sloshes in the pool of her hot pee beneath her shorts. The working hand wringing her pelvis with a plethora of sensations reflected onto her face, those throat’s moans soothe any ear. Consequently, my shorts explode with her warmth and engulf its throbbing guest, who couldn’t get any more harder though it yearns.

I remove my hand and quickly motion to stand. I continue to do as I please with her — the embarrassment of her releasing onto to me removing any opposition to my demands — fondling her beneath her soaked-dark shorts, glistening in the moonlight and audibly squelching as my hand displaces the flow of her hot liquid against the skin of her pelvis. Her inseams gleam as her yellow trickles gracefully out from between her upper thighs.

My left hand grabbing the back of her shorts, feeling her flow having travelled up the back of them, finally resting it in her left back pocket.

She continues into her shorts whilst my hand toys with her, still squelching as I play with her panties. The back of her thigh shine and glow as the moonlight reflects the spiraling and wavy trickling narrowly flowing down her legs, splattering on the mud below her feet.

As my lips mingle with hers, the hand kissing the second pair in her shorts, causing her knees to betray her, she giggling into my face at her silliness. She continues moaning until she unloads that last few drops out from between her thighs. Keeping her face attached to mine, she relinquishes her lips and whispers:

“You can’t.. hhmmm—“

“—I know, I know: I can’t tell anyone..”

“..yeah..”

“..who would there be to tell..?”

“We can’t go back like this.. jump.”

“Hhmmm.. W-what?”

“Jump into the pond, I’ll follow you.”l

We both jumped into the pond, washing ourselves though it being quite cold.

We didn’t have any towels, so we quickly snuck back to our tent and dried ourselves with one of each of our dried shirts that we had packed, yet it was not enough to fully do the job. So we snuggled together beneath that one blanket, drying off whatever was left of wetness, and continuing what we left unfinished by the pond.

And the rest was history..

