The waitress from the park kiosk

Author: huberp76

*000*2022-05-27 21:06

A boy had a date with a girl from his class.

They spent the afternoon together and went after a fast dinner to the cinema.

As they were standing in line for the tickets, the girl had her legs tight crossed.

”Do you need to wee?” asked the boy.

”Yes pretty bad, but don’t worry i am good trained, i can hold it until at home.” she answered.

”That will be longer than 3 hours!” said the boy doubtfully.

”Maybe that it will get bad, but i can endure it!” answered the girl.

He is one of the boys who gets turned on very much if a girl is needing to wee and putting it off. He was aroused from knowing that she would need to go and he wanted to talk about it.

”Why does a girl train herself to hold her wee? What is the reason for it?” he wanted to know.

“I don’t train myself, i get trained from my job.” she said and she told him that she is working for 3 days half time in a coffee shop.

It is just a little coffee shop, a kind of kiosk with a few tables and a little bar in the middle of a large park.

She is waitress and bartender in one person and there is always just one person working at the same shift.

There is no toilet at the coffee shop, neither for guests, nor vor the staff. The guests can use the public toilets near the kiosk, but the waitress can’t leave the kiosk during her shift, she can’t go to the toilet, not even to take a much needed wee.

The waitress has to work all her shift without a single wee.

She told him that they pay a extra good price for this job and for that special situation, because not all girls are able to do that.

They did tell them at the job interview that they can take only girls with a good control of their bodily needs, because there will be no opportunity for a toilet all shift long.

That means no wee from noon until 9 pm, that means that only girls who can endure not to wee for so long, can be taken.

”Oh my God and you can hold it for so long.” asked the boy with a tremulous voice.

He was horny like hell from this dialogue and from the knowledge that his girl was needing to wee and she is willing to hold it for 3 hours longer.

”Yes, me and 2 other girls are able to work the shift without a toilet break. I did not know, i could not even imagine how much i really can endure if i have to. Once it was much longer than only one shift.” the girl told him.

The boy could not get enough, he wanted to hear more from her, from her need to wee and from her bursting full bladder, but now they had the tickets and they had to go in.

(continue)

*001*2022-05-28 13:10

The boy was so horny from this talk and from that situation, he could not concentrate to the film.

Since he could remember it was so exciting for him if a girl was needing to wee but did not go, could not go, or was not allowed to go. It was so arousing for him to know that a girl was holding a very full bladder for a long time, but it was very, very rarely to experience such situations, but now he had a girl beside him who was needing to wee but protracted to go.

She was standing with crossed legs from needing to wee before they went in, she did tell him that she would need to go, she had the opportunity to go to the loo, but she delayed it until at home.

Her urge was strong enough for legs crossing, knee rubbing and for to press her thighs together, but not strong enough for her to piss. She decided to hold it until at home and that would not last a few minutes, or one hour, it will last longer than 3 hours.

He was so impressed from that girl, from her ability to control her bodily needs, to control her bladder and her need to wee, he was impressed from her willpower to bear down her strong urge and to force her bladder to obey.

This girl was simply made for him and for his lust.

He did always dream about to make a strong bladdered girl, with a strong will to hold it, wait and hold until she can’t anymore.

Now he would perhaps get a chance to live his dream.

She told him before they went in that there was a situation where she had to hold it much longer than just a shift from noon until 9 pm and that she did not know before what she really can endure on pee urge and bladder pain, if she has to.

He wanted nothing more than to bring her to her limit, or a little over her limit.

He did dream about to bring her home after the cinema and to fuck her before he would let her piss.

He had to calm down a little before he would cum in his pants.

“How are you?“ he whispered in her ear.

“Thank you, very well. My bladder is growing slowly up to my navel and I would need to wee really bad already, but that will not be a big problem, i got used to have my bladder full.” she answered and kissed him at his cheek.

(continue)

*002*2022-06-01 15:10

After about one hour watching the film, the girl whispered in Peters ear “It’s getting pretty bad.”

”How pad? So bad as you told me that you was holding it longer than one shift?” he wanted to know.

”No not nearly that bad, that was much more worse, that was almost not to bear.” she answered.

Peter was horny like hell, he was no more interested at the film, he wanted to talk with the girl about her need to wee and about the worst she ever needed to go and about experience where she had her bladder full to explode.

”How bad must it get till you wet your panties?” Peter wanted to know.

” What do you think about me? I will never wee my panties!! My bladder and me, we are a good team, we can endure a lot. Didn’t you know, big girls don’t wee their panties.”she said.

This words was a provocation for Peter, it was absolutely a challenge for him to make her hold until her bladder gets hard as a rock, for don’t let her wee as long as she whimper and whine for permission to go. Not even then he would let her go. She said that big girls don’t wee their panties, now she should show him that she is a big girl, her bladder should stretch, he wants to see it bulging out from her usual slim girl belly. He wants to push on it to make her crazy from needing to wee so bad.

It was much different for Peter, he always like it to make girls hold at his dates, he usually don’t give the girls a natural opportunity to go to a toilet, he make them hold their wee for hours without they even know that he do that with a strategic plan and for purpose.

No it was different, he did not have to make the girl hold, the girl did hold it for her own, he could talk with her about her urge and about her full bladder and so he asked her on the way out, after the film was over “Don’t you need the loo before we leave, it will last much longer than one hour until you are at home?”

”You know that i would need it since hours, but i don’t go, i am waiting until at home. Don’t worry about my bladder, i told you that i am accustomed to hold a full bladder.”

What a girl, she should get punished for her haughtiness, though Peter to himself.

After a little walk to the parking lot, Peter started to ask as soon as they were in the car about her experience where she was on her limit of her holding ability.

She corrected him and told that it was not her absolutely limit, it was just very, very urgently and painful too, but she did realize to that time how much she can endure and that she would have been able to endure more if she had to.

She told him that it was just a few weeks ago, she went to her shift to her kiosk. She did not have time for a wee since her morning pee and was needing to go urgently. She did hope that she could go before her shift, to the public toilet not so far from the kiosk, but she was late and she could see that there were already some people waiting for opening and one of the guests walked with her.

She could not say that they should wait because she is needing to wee before she opens.

She did not know what to do, she was needing to wee really bad and she could not imagine that she would be able to hold it back for more than 9 hours, but she had to, there was no other way for her, or would she piss herself if she can’t anymore?

Than she asked Peter “ can you even imagine need to wee so bad, to have the bladder full and to know that you will have no chance to go, how bad it ever will get?”

”No i honestly i can’t. That must have been very hard and painful for you! Or?” Peter answered.

”That must have been torture for you and your bladder! How could you endure that?” Peter asked with an extra hard boner in his pants.

”No other boys at my dates were so much interested and at my pee habits and were so worried on my full bladder, than you.”said the girl and told him that she could not believe it for herself that she bear it so long without a single wee.

As she closed her kiosk went the last guest with her to the bus stop and so she did not even use the public toilet.

Sure she could have use it, but she did not wanted to make him think that she is so weak, that she could not hold her wee until at home.

As she arrived at home it was very, very urgent, but she think that was not really her limit, if she had to, she would have been able to hold it longer, she told Peter.

At that evening, she did not have to much time, after the cinema, she had to get up early next morning and so they did just stay for a half an hour in the car, in front of her house. They kissed and cuddled, he caressed her bare thighs and he could feel with his hand the hardness of her swollen bladder.

Peter wanted to pick her up two days later from her kiosk, with her bladder very full, she wanted to spend the night with him and then she could show him her limit.

She should get crazy from needing to wee, that was it what Peter wanted!!!

*003*2022-06-10 22:23

The girl wanted to leave because she had to get up early in the morning, so she said once before. Peter wanted to stay, he wanted to relish the girls need to wee and he wanted to enjoy in her full bladder.

He kissed that girl, he had his hand on her knee and slid on her bare thigh up to her panties.

It was so exciting for him to feel the smooth skin of her inner thighs and to feel how she tensed something her muscles to hold her urine back in her overfilled bladder.

Peter love the girls when they are desperate to pee, the more they are needing to go, the more sexy they gets for him.

A girls swollen bladder is the greatest sextoy for him and bulging girl bladder between her hipbones is one of the most erotic and arousing things he can imagine.

The girl did not know that Peter wanted torture and overfill her bladder and that he would love it to see her suffer from needing to wee so bad. She noticed indeed that he did talk with her about her pee habits, like no other boy before, but she thought the opposite, she thought that he is worried about her bladder when she is forced to hold it for so long, she thought that he would have pity with her if she is needing to wee but have no chance to go for hours more, she could not know that her bladder could never be full enough and her urge never be strong enough for him.

Some days later, it was Friday, he picked her up from her kiosk.

Except for that the girl would stay overnight at Peters home, they did not have a schedule for the evening.

Peter was so excited, it was so unusual for him to have a date with a girl from which he did know that she did not wee since 10 hours.

As they left the kiosk Peter asked her what she would like to do. Would she like to go to a cinema, for a late dinner, or would she like to do something else.

The girl answered that he should decide for the evening, but first he should bring her somewhere where she can wee, she would need that since hours, she said.

”Oh sorry, i did not think about that you did not have a opportunity to go since noon.” Peter lied. In reality he could not think anything else, than at her full bladder.

”Is it really bad, or could you wait longer, much longer?” he asked.

”It is pretty bad, but you know i always can wait, if i have to. But why should i wait and how long should i wait?” she wanted to know.

“Until tomorrow morning.” was Peters short answer.

”Do you want to kill my bladder, it will explode if i hold it that long.” said the girl.

”No, i don’t want to kill your bladder, but you told me last time that you did hold it from early morning until late evening and that would not have been your limit. Show me your limit, hold it for me until you absolutely can’t anymore. I would love that so much.”said Peter.

”You are like one of the guys at the kiosk. I told you that i wanted to the public toilet after holding it all day and there was this guy who went with me to the bus stop and so i did not go. On the way, he asked me about the length of my shift. He wanted to know since how long i was working today.” said the girl to Peter.

I told him since noon, i did not know why he was asking.

“What are you doing if you need to the loo?” he wanted to know. “Nothing!” i answered.

”What do you mean with nothing.” he asked.

“Nothing means that i can’t go and nothing means that i have to hold it.”i said.

”That means that you did not wee since noon?” he asked.

”No that means that i did not wee since i did get up in the morning.” i told him.

“He could not stop to talk about it and he could not hide that he did love that i was holding my pee back for so long and i think that you love that too. If i am honest i like it also. I like the feeling of my full bladder, i like to hold it back even my urge gets a little bit painful and i like it that that you guys gets horny from my need to wee and from my overfilled bladder.”said the girl.

”That means, that you will hold it for me?” Peter asked.

”I don’t know, but I’ll promise to you that i will not go to the toilet at the restaurant and then we will see what we will do at your home.” she said.

*004*2022-06-26 21:33

In the boys car, on the way to the restaurant the girl whispered “ i need to wee, i would need to wee since hours.”

”I know it and i love it!”answered the boy and could not resist to push the girls short skirt up over her belly and to slide with his hand under the waistband of the girls little panties. He had one finger in the girls wet slit and pressed with his hand softly on her lower abdomen. He could feel the the contours of her firm bladder and how the skin over her bladder is tensed.

So hot, so exciting, so arousing for him to feel her full bladder and to know that the girl would need to wee.

”Sadist!” she said but did let him massage her full bladder.

He for some reason thought about the stranger at the kiosk, who walked with his girlfriend to the bus stop. On one hand it was exciting for him that the stranger guy did get turned on from the piss need of his girl, but on the other hand he was jealous that the guy used his girls full bladder and her desperation to get horny and for his sexual arousing, sure he did dream about a full bladder sex with her.

The boy started to talk about that guy and about the special situation, he wanted to know if the guy was again at the kiosk after that.

The girl told him that he have been there twice, but that they did not talk about pee or pee holding, but that she would be sure that he was turned on from knowing that she did not wee since hours and that her bladder must have been full.

”He did ask me how i was feeling, but i thought that he wanted to know more how my bladder was feeling and how bad i was needing to wee.” the girl said.

”Do you think that he just came to be beside a girl with a full bladder? To you think that he was getting turned on from knowing that you would need to wee and that you could not go, that you was forced to hold it?” he asked.

”I don’t know, maybe he did hope to see me wet my panties.” the girl said.

”Would you like to see me wet my panties?” she asked.

”No not ready, i want to see you hold your wee back with all your power.I want that you let your bladder get full to the absolutely limit, i would like it if you hold it back until you can’t anymore more, not any longer. If you have no other way, no other chance than to wet your panties, if you then do it in your panties, i would like that too!” answered the boy.

” I can’t really understand why you gets satisfied if i have to bear a painful urge to pee and if my bladder hurts from needing to go so unbelievable bad. What exactly turns you on to see me suffer?” the girl wanted to know.

To that time they arrived at the restaurant and the boy told her that he would try to explain it later.

They ordered their dinner and their drinks. The girl had her legs crossed under the table.

The boy did see it and the girl did see that the boy saw it.

”I need to wee so bad, but don’t worry, i don’t go, i promised to you that i would not go.

But that can not be normal, that is crazy and strange, the toilet is right behind me, my bladder is full and big like a soccer ball, i need to wee since hours and i don’t go.” said the girl.

”Stop It, i cum in my pants, if you don’t stop to talk like that! I can’t wait to bring you home.” said the boy.

”What do you think what you are doing with me, full like i am? Sex will no more be possible with that big urine ball in my belly!” said the girl.

*006*2022-07-23 06:52

{{On 7/20/2022 at 2:54 PM, Lala123 said:

Man, this is one of the best stories i have read here, you gotta write another part

}}

Thank you for your compliment. I am glad that you like my story.

What especially would you like to read? Would you like that the girl had to hold her very, very full bladder longer, that she would not be allowed to wee no matter how bad she would need to go?

Did you ever had experience where girls has been desperate but still had to hold it?

Thank you again, it feels good to get a such a good feedback. Best regards!

*008*2022-08-27 23:45

{{On 7/24/2022 at 5:23 PM, Frooger said:

Yes please make her hold much, much longer and not allow her to pee no matter how much see need to go or how painful it is for her

}}

So hot and arousing, you know that the poor girl did not have a chance to go to the toilet for so long, you know that she is needing to wee since hours, you know that she would need to go really, really so bad, but i should nevertheless make her hold much, much longer, i should not allow her to pee no matter how much she would need to go, no matter how painful her urge will get and no matter how she is begging to let her wee.

Would you not have a little pity and mercy with that poor girl and her hurting full bladder overfilled to explode?

Do you think that girls have to endure that because they are girls and girls have always be able to hold their urine back, no matter how long and no matter how bad they would need to let it out?

Do you think that she should get her bladder tortured?

No wee for her?

*011*2022-08-30 07:47

The girl was sitting vis a vis from him, her nude thighs were tight pressed together and all her body was so sexy for the boy.

He was so exciting from the situation and he started to think and to ask himself.

A girls body can be so sexy, a girls body makes a boy wanting to fuck her, but there is something you can’t even see what does and can increase her sexiness and the desire to fuck her, her full bladder!

To know that a girl has a big, very full bladder in her belly, to know that she is holding a great amount of hot urine inside her and to know and to see that she would need to wee very urgently, can some boys make nearly crazy from horniness.

The boy did like his kiosk girl, he did love her, but he could not get enough to see her suffer from needing to wee so bad and he could not get enough to torture her poor overfilled bladder.

The girls legs are so sexy, but they get more sexy if she has to cross it to keep her little panties dry.

The girl did not wee since she was getting up early in the morning, she is needing to go since hours, but that was not enough for him, he wanted more, much more.

He wanted to make her hold no matter how bad she would need to go and how painful it will get for her. She told him that she likes that kind of pain from a bursting full bladder. She should show him how much pain she is able to endure and how much pressure in her bladder she can bear.

He was for one minute in another world as the girl suddenly said „Can you please bring me home after dinner, it’s easier for me to hold it at home.“

“Is it that bad ?“ the boy wanted to know.

“Yes it getting bad, my bladder already became the size of a big ball inside my lower abdomen.“ she answered and smiled.

That was not a reason for him, to bring her home and to make it easier for her to hold it was neither a reason, but he could not wait to have her in his bed, full like that, so they did leave after dinner.

On the way to the boys car she whispered „I need to pee so bad!“

“I know it and i love it! Cross your legs and hold it like girls should do that!” he said.

He stopped, kissed her and pressed her body hard and tight against his body, especially his abdomen against her bladder.

She did know why he did that, she crossed her legs and whispered “Sadist!” in his ear.

He was so horny from all that, that he had to be careful not to cum in his pants.

”I don’t let her pee before sleeping, she must hold it back until tomorrow, no wee for her, no matter how urgently she would need it, i don’t let her go. She is a big girl, she should hold it, she has to hold it!” Though the boy to himself at the way to the car.

@@continue

*012*2022-08-30 09:22

„Every girl pussy needs to pee sometimes, but before she is doing it, but before she gets allowed to do it, the girl pussy should be squeezed hard and tight together to hold the girls wee for a unbelievable long time in her overfilled bladder under high pressure.“ though the boy during the way to his home.

He putted his hand on her knee and slide up on her naked thighs to her panties and pushed two fingers deep in the girls wet slit.

He could not resist to press on the girls bladder, harder and harder until the girl was moaning from needing to wee so bad.

He did torture her that way until at home and the girl let him do it.

Sure she did like to feel his fingers deep inside her and sure that she did like it to get tortured, because she is a little bit painhorny, especially the pain from a over full bladder.

As they arrived at home……..

*013*2022-08-30 21:51

As soon as they were at home, they went to the sleeping room.

The girl did not even ask for a loo, she did no very well that she would not been allowed to go.

The boy stripped the girl slowly with much pleasure.

She did only wear little panties when he laid her gentle in his bed.

He was already absolutely naked, his penis was hard as a rock and was standing straight up to his navel.

The girl was lying in the bed, she was so pretty and her body was so sexy.

Her bladder was visible, bulging out a little over her panties, that made her body even more sexy for the boy.

He did know very well that some girls say that they would need to pee, but don’t really have their bladder full, but if a girls bladder is bulging out from her belly, then you can be sure that her bladder is full and overfilled with hot girl wee and you can be sure that the girl is needing to wee pretty bad and that she is feeling a strong urge and exactly that was it what he did love!

The girls abdomen was like a magnet for the boys hand, he pushed her panties down a little bit, so far that he could see the top of her shaved slit, he could see her bladder, he could feel her bladder there was just the thin skin from her belly between his hand and her very full bladder.

He could feel the contours, he pressed and massaged her bladder, it was not really hard, it was more than a softball, he could push on it and he could push that ball from hot girl wee back in her belly and that was it what he did. It was really hard and painful for the girl, she wound like a snake and she moaned loud from needing to wee so horrendous bad, but she did let him do it.

The girl told him at the restaurant that she can no more get fucked full like that, but she would try to hold it a little longer at home for him.

He would not have really cared about that , her very full bladder would have been a extra turn on, he wanted to fuck her so bad, but he did not do it because it would be a risk that he would have mercy with her after cum and he would let her go to the bathroom and that was the last what he wanted to do.

They did calm down a little, he laid with his heavy head on her swollen bladder and rolled his head around to put pressure on it.

He did love it and he loved to hear her moan.

No pillow in the world can be better and sexier, than a girls full bladder, he thought to himself.

It was getting late and so he switched out the lights.

”May i wee before sleeping?” It would be really necessary and really, really urgently.”was the girl begging.

”No, absolutely no!! told her the boy and said his favorite slogan “You are a girl, you can hold it!! But i am a boy, good that you remind me, I’ll take a fast piss.” turned on the lights again and went to the bathroom.

”That is not fair, i am needing to wee so bad, i have not been at the toilet since longer than 15 hours. Please, please let me go.” The girl was begging again.

He did not let her and said again that she is a girl and girls have to hold it.

He told her that he did read that some girls can go much longer than 24 hours without a single pee and that he think that she would be able to hold it also for that long, maybe longer, we will see.

No wee before sleeping for the kiosk girl!

They were both totally naked in the bed, the lights were out.

The girl lay on her left side, the boy behind her.

Body to body, skin to skin, his hard penis was pressed between her ass, near her pussy and his right hand was on her swollen bladder.

Both could not find a sleep, the boy from horniness and the girl from a painful need to pee.

A little later they slept.

Early in the morning the girl wanted to get out of the bed, she did try to do it in silence, not to wake up her friend.

As soon as she was sitting upright in the bed, the boy took her by her hand, pulled her back and said “ I hope you don’t even think, that I’ll let go!”

”But i need to go, i can’t wait any more. Let me go, i need to wee so bad! Please, please let me go.” The girl was begging.

”No, you are a girl you can hold it!” answered the boy.

He made her lie back in the bed and putted one leg over her. She was trapped that way.

He punished her for the aim to go to the bathroom without permission and pressed his knee in her belly exactly on her very, very full bladder.

*015*2022-09-03 21:46

The poor girl wanted to escape from her torture, but the boy did not let her, he pressed and pushed harder and harder with his knee on her already very hard and totally overfilled bladder.

“Oh no, don’t do that, that hurts so much, please stop it.“begged the girl.

“That is the reason why i am doing it, you have to get punished for wanting to go for a wee without permission and now your bladder have to pay for it.

I think there will be no better punishment, for not observe a strictly peeing ban, than made to be hold it for hours longer and get the bladder tortured.

And that is it what i will do with you, but before we will sleep some more hours.“ said the boy and pushed his knee deep in the girls swollen abdomen, until the girl was moaning loud from needing to wee so bad and painful.

Then the girl turned on her left side, the boy behind her. It was the same position as some hours before, his hard penis between the girls ass and his hand on her her swollen belly. The only opposite was her bladder was bulging out much more from her abdomen and it was no more like a softball, it was hard and big as a soccer ball.

The girl was so great, she was holding her wee since more than 20 hours.

The boy asked himself „ how long can she keep her urine in side her? I don’t allow her to go to the bathroom, i don’t allow her to pee, but how much longer can she endure not to pee?

Where is her limit? How many hours will it take before she will she piss herself against her will? How hard can i push her bladder before she is leaking?“

It was not easy for him to get to sleep with all that thoughts, but after a while he was sleeping.

*017*2022-09-04 12:17

It was about 8 am as the boy waked up. The girl was lying on her side, her knees up to her chin, her hand between her thighs and one finger was in her slit pressed hard against her peehole.

“ I need to wee sooo bad, please let me go. I have not been to the toilet since 24 hours.

I don’t no more feel a strong urge to pee, i am feeling a pain to pee, it seams that my bladder hurts so much, because she wants to force me to get emptied before she explode.“said the girl.

“Don’t tell me that you did not pee since 24 hours and that you are full to burst , that doesn’t make me to let you go, it makes me that i want to make you hold it longer, 30 hours or longer. You can never hold enough hot pee in your girl bladder and you can never hold it back long enough for me.“ answered the boy and turned the girl on her back.

The girls belly was swollen and her bladder was visible bulging out from her flat abdomen.

He was so absolutely horny from the fact that the girl did not pee for so long and that her lower abdomen was full with urine.

He wanted nothing more than to fuck her. He did try to push her thighs apart, witch were pressed hard together.

The girl did not let him, she said „I love to get fucked from you, but please not now, let me wee before, i can not bear that anymore, i‘ll piss in your bed if you fuck me full like that, i can not even give my thighs apart without that i start to pee.

The more the girl told him how bad she would need to pee, the more he wanted to torture her and her bladder.

He started to massage her swollen bladder, he pushed and pressed on it, he wanted to hear her moan and groan.

He slid his hand between her shot thighs and pushed two fingers deep in her tight, squeezed pussy.

He massaged her pussy and her bladder at the same time until the girl had a strong orgasm. She could not hold it back anymore and started leaking.

Two or three gusher of wee were jetting out of her and were wetting the boys hand and his bed.

He was so horny that he did cum just from rubbing his penis on the girls thigh.

The girls naked thigh was wet from his cum and the bed linen was wet from her lust juice, from her wee and from his cum.

They were totally exhausted and did stay just for one minute in the bed, then the girl asked for a wee and he did let her go, but just if she would promise that she will make next week a challenge for him.

The girl was ready to do ALL for a wee.

As she came back he told her that she next Sunday should stay overnight at his home.

He would let her go to the bathroom at 10 pm and then on Monday she would be not allowed to wee, she has to hold her pee, she has to start her shift with her bladder full since from the evening before.

That will be a real challenge for her, it would be much more difficult for her than this night, there will be no toilet around for emergency, she would not be able to use her finger to press her peehole shut, she would not even be able to cross her legs, because she has to work and to serve.

She would have just two opportunities, to hold it how bad and painful it ever will get, or to piss her panties in front of all guests.

The girl said that she will not be able to endure that, her sphincter is in fact good trained from holding it and from suppress her urge for hours turning her shift, but to start the shift with a bladder full from the evening before, will be not possible.

“No girl in the whole world will be able to do that!“ she said.

“Oh yea, you can do that, you have to do it! Show me that you can!“ said the boy.

{{ 

1 minute ago, Frooger said:

Can't wait to read more of this🤩

}}

I am glad that you like it!!

*018*2022-09-05 07:13

{{18 hours ago, huberp76 said:

It was about 8 am as the boy waked up. The girl was lying on her side, her knees up to her chin, her hand between her thighs and one finger was in her slit pressed hard against her peehole.

“ I need to wee sooo bad, please let me go. I have not been to the toilet since 24 hours.

I don’t no more feel a strong urge to pee, i am feeling a pain to pee, it seams that my bladder hurts so much, because she wants to force me to get emptied before she explode.“said the girl.

“Don’t tell me that you did not pee since 24 hours and that you are full to burst , that doesn’t make me to let you go, it makes me that i want to make you hold it longer, 30 hours or longer. You can never hold enough hot pee in your girl bladder and you can never hold it back long enough for me.“ answered the boy and turned the girl on her back.

The girls belly was swollen and her bladder was visible bulging out from her flat abdomen.

He was so absolutely horny from the fact that the girl did not pee for so long and that her lower abdomen was full with urine.

He wanted nothing more than to fuck her. He did try to push her thighs apart, witch were pressed hard together.

The girl did not let him, she said „I love to get fucked from you, but please not now, let me wee before, i can not bear that anymore, i‘ll piss in your bed if you fuck me full like that, i can not even give my thighs apart without that i start to pee.

The more the girl told him how bad she would need to pee, the more he wanted to torture her and her bladder.

He started to massage her swollen bladder, he pushed and pressed on it, he wanted to hear her moan and groan.

He slid his hand between her shot thighs and pushed two fingers deep in her tight, squeezed pussy.

He massaged her pussy and her bladder at the same time until the girl had a strong orgasm. She could not hold it back anymore and started leaking.

Two or three gusher of wee were jetting out of her and were wetting the boys hand and his bed.

He was so horny that he did cum just from rubbing his penis on the girls thigh.

The girls naked thigh was wet from his cum and the bed linen was wet from her lust juice, from her wee and from his cum.

They were totally exhausted and did stay just for one minute in the bed, then the girl asked for a wee and he did let her go, but just if she would promise that she will make next week a challenge for him.

The girl was ready to do ALL for a wee.

As she came back he told her that she next Sunday should stay overnight at his home.

He would let her go to the bathroom at 10 pm and then on Monday she would be not allowed to wee, she has to hold her pee, she has to start her shift with her bladder full since from the evening before.

That will be a real challenge for her, it would be much more difficult for her than this night, there will be no toilet around for emergency, she would not be able to use her finger to press her peehole shut, she would not even be able to cross her legs, because she has to work and to serve.

She would have just two opportunities, to hold it how bad and painful it ever will get, or to piss her panties in front of all guests.

The girl said that she will not be able to endure that, her sphincter is in fact good trained from holding it and from suppress her urge for hours turning her shift, but to start the shift with a bladder full from the evening before, will be not possible.

“No girl in the whole world will be able to do that!“ she said.

“Oh yea, you can do that, you have to do it! Show me that you can!“ said the boy.

I am glad that you like it!!

}}

Will the kiosk girl be willing to start her shift with her bladder very full and with a strong urge to wee?

Will she do it for her friend?

Can she endure to work with a extreme full bladder for hours without being able to going to the toilet?

Can she keep her panties dry although she did not wee since 20 hours?

*020*2022-09-06 09:35

{{11 hours ago, Frooger said:

Will the kiosk girl be willing to start her shift with her bladder very full and with a strong urge to wee?

Yes she will go to work with overfilled bladder

Will she do it for her friend?

Can she endure to work with a extreme full bladder for hours without being able to going to the toilet?

She can endure, but when she is frantic to pee when she gets home, the boy refuce to let her pee, making her hold all night. And even force her to go to work again without peeing?

Can she keep her panties dry although she did not wee since 20 hours?

}}

That sounds really bad, but hot too, the girl is holding her pee since the day before. She is doing it with all her willpower and all her body power.

Her urge is getting more and more painful turning the day, but she has absolutely no chance to go to the toilet, she HAVE to hold it and have to work with a painful overfilled bladder in her belly.

She can’t wait to get home, to let the enormous amount of urine out from her overstretched and unnatural expanded bladder.

She can’t wait to pee her peehoding and bladder pain away, but the boy don’t let her, he don’t let her go to the bathroom and he don’t let her pee.

That sounds really bad.

Girls who good in holding, gets punished for that, because they have to endure a lot of pain.

*022*2022-09-06 19:41

They are still laying in the bed.

Just a few minutes before, he could hear her piss with high pressure and extreme long.

He could hear her loud and clearly, because she was in such a hurry that she did not even have time enough to close the door behind her.

The girl is lying now on her back, her lower abdomen is curved inside between her pregnant hipbones and between her pubic bone and her navel.

The boy caress her belly. He kiss her belly and lick with his wet tongue over the smooth skin of her abdomen.

“I am missing something!“ he says and press with his hand, with his first deep in her lower abdomen.

“you mean you miss my big bladder ball “ asked the girl and said „ I don’t miss it, i can feel it very well and it is still hurting from being so much tortured from you.“

“Oh my poor girly was needing to wee so much, she had to suffer so bad, but i did love it!“ teased the boy.

“ You girls should always have your bladder very, very full. That bulge in your belly makes you girls absolutely and totally sexy for us boys.” Said the guy.

” I can’t wait for next week, until we make your bladder bigger than ever before, we will fill it up to double size or bigger.”Complete the boy.

”Oh no, please don’t do that with me, i can’t start my shift with my bladder full from the night before, with absolutely no opportunity to go to the toilet.” Said the girl afraid.

” It will be a really good challenge for you. You will do it and you have to do that!!” Answered the boy.

*023*2022-09-09 22:04

The boy kissed his girl, caressed her slim body and whispered in her ear „I love you and i love every cm (Inch) of your wonderful body.”

“ Why do you torture this body so much if you love it? Asked the girl.

”You know very well how painful it is to hold the pee back for so long, you know very well how much the bladder hurts if it gets forced to stretch to the size of a soccer ball, but that is long not enough for you, you push and press on it, if it is already full to explode, you torture it to make the urge even more painful and more unbearable.” Said the girl.

”I don’t really want to torture your body, there is just this thing in your belly, that “pee bladder”, that i want to fill up, or better you fill it up by yourself with hot girl wee, i just want to prevent that you empty it, that you let something out.

You have to hold that little hole in your slit between your wonderful thighs shut for so long as any possible!!

That balloon inside your abdomen can never be full enough, that can never be big enough.

To know that you suffer a strong and painful urge, to know that you would need to wee so urgently, that makes me want to increase your need and that is why i press and push hard your bladder.

It is like a addiction. I know that i am a sadist that way, but i know that you are a masochist in the same way and i know that you like it to get your bladder tortured, because you like that kind of pain.” Said the boy.

”I can’t wait until next week, it will become a great challenge for you to start your shift with your bladder very full, but you can do it! You can endure it! Said the boy and started to fuck her.

*024*2022-09-13 15:43

The kiosk girl is very good in pee holding and she very good to fuck too!

The boy was a little bit sad and disappointed that the girls bladder was now empty, because he absolutely loves it to push deep in the girls abdomen and to press hard on her very full bladder during sex, because he loves the feeling when she tense all her muscles to keep her wee inside her and he loves the feeling when her tight girl slit squeeze hard around his penis.

Nevertheless they had a good sex, because they were both horny since hours.

Next week, at the special Sunday, the girl did stay overnight at the boys home.

Exactly at 10 pm he went with her to the bathroom and said “ piss you bladder empty until the last drop, because that will be your last pee for a really long time.”

She weed not very long, she was not really full, because she has been a few times at the loo during the day to preserve her bladder for the next day.

Next morning at breakfast she looked at the boy, rolled her eyes and said with a silent and softly voice “I need to wee.”

”Me too.” Said the boy and smiled.

”But there is a little different between us, i am a boy, i go now to the toilet and take a much needed, long piss and you will hold it, because you are a girl and girls should always have their bladder full, because we boys love that, leastwise some and i am one of them.”Said the boy to tease the girl.

Hours later, on the way to the kiosk, the girl was getting very insecure “Sorry but i can’t do that. My bladder is full, i need to wee. Bring me please to a toilet.” She was begging.

” No i don’t bring you to a toilet and no i don’t let you pee. You are a big girl, you are strong enough to hold it, so hold it and stop to wail.” Said the boy.

“I can’t start my shift with my bladder that full. It will get to painful, or i will wet my panties if you don’t let me go! Please bring me to a loo.“ she was begging again.

“No it is a challenge and you have to take that challenge. Hold back your wee, you are my girl, you can do that! Said the boy.

“I absolutely can’t understand that, how can you get turned on by your girls pain?“ she wanted to know.

„I don’t get turned on if you feel any kind of pain, i could absolutely never hurt you, but to know that you would need to pee so very, very urgently, to know that you urge is so strong that it is already painful, that turns me on.

If your bladder is painful overfilled and expand to the size of a melon, if your belly is swollen and full with hot girl wee, that turns me on too.“ explained the boy.

“I come back late at afternoon, to support you.“ said the boy and smiled.

“You don’t want to support me, you just want to see me suffer!“ answered the girl.

It was so arousing for the boy to know that his girl did not wee since yesterday, that she was needing to wee and that her bladder was full.

It was so arousing for him to know that she would have absolutely no opportunity to go to the toilet for hours and that she would have no chance to wee, except in her little panties.

Late at afternoon he came back to the kiosk. There where many guests are his little waitresses was very busy.

On the way to a free table he saw guy and realized that he was one of his former schoolfriends.

Our boy did take place at his table and they started to talk about the olden days.

Then the boy asked him if it would be his first time at this coffee shop and he asked what he is doing here .

“If you ask me so directly i will be honest to you.

I am here because the waitress. That girl is so great and sexy. Her body is a sin and there is one more reason, sometimes she gets very desperate to pee, because there is no toilet and she can’t go all her shift long.

I love to see how she moves her sexy legs from needing to wee so bad.

Once she was especially desperate, she told me that she did not have a chance to wee before her shift started.

At the closing time she was no more able to hide her strong need. You can’t imagine how much that was turning me on.

After closing, i went with her to the bus stop. Sometimes she had to stop to cross her wonderful, sexy legs.

I wanted to fuck her so bad right on the way behind the bushes, but she was very reserved, i did not even try to kiss her.

But today is seems like she would be desperate too, maybe she had no time to piss before her shift.” Said the guy.

”She did not piss since yesterday evening.” Said our boy.

”How will you know that?” Asked the guy surprised.

”That is very simple, she is my girlfriend and did not let her go to the bathroom in the morning.” Answered the boy.

”Oh my god, that is so absolutely hot, she did not pee since yesterday!! Sorry that your girlfriend makes me so horny.” Said the guy.

”You don’t have to be sorry, you could not know that she is my girlfriend and yes it is hot and horny. We always did love the girls bursting full!” Said the boy and at the same time came their waitress.

”You two know each other?” Asked the girl.

”Oh yes, we know us very well. We are the bad boys who invited girls at school outings, to a extra large drink before we did leave a long bus journey home.

Sometimes the drinks were a good investment for to see the girls getting very desperate.“

“I nearly do it in my panties, don’t talk about desperation, you two bad sadist.” Said the girl and noted the order from the boys.

” She must be so full, her girl bladder must be big as a soccer ball, after holding it for so long.

I think she can’t wait until you bring her home, where she finally can let it out of her.” Said the guy.

”I am sure that she think that i let her to the bathroom as soon as we are at home, but i don’t let her. I make her hold it until tomorrow, i don’t let her pee at the evening.

I always wanted to go to sleep with a girl who hold her bladder since 24 hours.” Said the boy.

”Oh no you can’t do that, you kill that girl, you burst her bladder. She can’t endure over 30 hours without a single pee. That is unbearable for that slim, young girl.” Said the guy.

”She can do it and she has to do it. I don’t let her go to the bathroom and i don’t let her pee until tomorrow.”

”That is absolutely torture what you are doing with that girl, but it is so hot and absolutely arousing!

I call you tomorrow afternoon and you tell me what was happened.” Said the guy.

