No toilet for a girl after the party!!

Author: huberp76

*000*2022-01-14 23:42

A boy was invited to a party. There were a lot of young people, on of the guests was a young girl.

The boy did never met that girl before, but they felt both attracted from the first moment.They spent all the time together, most in a dark, quiet corner on a couch, where they kissed and touched each other on all parts of their body.

The boy loved it to have his hand under the short skirt from the girl, to feel the smooth skin of her nude thighs. He loved to have his fingers between her thighs on her little panties and a little later inside her panties and sometimes deep inside of the girl.

They were both so absolutely aroused that they wanted nothing more than to get in the bed together. They decided to go to the boys home, where the girl would stay overnight.

At the party they did not even talk the time to go to the loo, they suppressed their bodily needs just to stay together.

Not till they were fore some minutes in the car, the girl said „we should have gone to the loo before we left.“

“Yes, that should we really have done.“ agreed the boy.

During the drive home they paved each other constantly they were so horny for each other, that they went at home past the bathroom straight in the sleeping room.

They fucked like crazy and were so much exhausted that they did lie a few minutes in the bed before the boy said „ it’s high time to go to the bathroom before it is to late.“ He did get out of the bed, pended over and squeezed his penis.

The girl stayed in the bed and said „what if i don’t go?“

The boy was needing to piss so bad that he could not wait any longer for a discussion and went to the toilet. As he came back, totally relieved he asked „do you not need to go?“

She did take his hand and laid it on her lower abdomen.

“Can’t you feel how full i am down there? I would need to wee really bad, but i can wait until morning“ she said.

The boy could feel how tight her belly was and he could see how her swollen bladder was bulging out from her flat abdomen.

“Oh no you can’t hold your wee back until morning! Can you??? No, you can not!!! You did drink the same as me and you did not go all evening.“ the boy said.

“Sure i can, maybe it will get a little bit painful, but i can!!

That is only a question of willpower. My bladder is very full now and it will get much fuller until morning, i am needing to wee since hours, but i did not wanted to leave you at the party just for to take a silly pee. I really would need to go now very, very bad and my need will get much stronger until morning, but if you like it i don’t go now, i hold it for you until tomorrow.”the girl said.

The boy was so surprised that he did not know what to say.

”The girl said “You don’t have to say anything, your dick gave me the answer. You did cum just 15 minutes ago and you are bone hard again. I don’t know why, but i know that nearly all boys love it if girls hold their wee.”

The boy was so fascinated, he laid his hand on the girls bulging bladder, pressed soft on it and said “that is absolutely impossible that you can hold so much wee inside you until tomorrow.”

Turn off the lights, let us sleep, in the morning you can fuck my bursting full bladder!”

I would love to have a girl like her!!

