The Championship!

Author: huberp76

*000*2024-06-08 21:22

Sometimes ago i read the story „The long Sports Game „ by FullBladder85.

For me it it a absolutely great story and it inspired me to write a similar story.

I hope that will be okay for you FullBladder85!?

The Championship!

It was a girl who was very interested at soccer games and there was a very important championship game at a neighboring country.

She wanted absolutely see that game, but first it was difficult to get tickets and then it was difficult to get there because she didn’t have a own car.

She was glad to hear that the boys of their home club organized a bus ride and that she got a chance to go with them.

The rid would last nearly 5 hours and she was the only girl in a group of 35 guys.

The boys started to drink beer and offered her to drink with them. She was not a „ real“ girl, she was more a kind of tomboy and therefore she did like to spend time with the guys and to drink with them.

Sue, so was her name, had to be careful, because she did know very well that all that what getting in wanted to come out and for a girl are the opportunities to pee sometimes very seldom at bus journeys.

She did drink just one bottle and it was good for her to drink not more because they stopped twice for to let the boys piss beside the bus.

Sue was waiting inside although she would have needed to go too, because not just boys need to piss, girls are needing to do that as well, but sometimes it’s not so easy for them to do it.

Sue did wear just a T- shirt and a small super short jeans short.

She could not pull her shorts and her panties down to piss in front of 35 young horny guys, she had to hold it and nobody did care about it.

Nobody, except one of the boys did even notice that the girl had not weed only once.

The one guy had noticed that because he was getting aroused about that situation, because he loved it so much to know that a girl didn’t wee for a long time and that she is holding a full bladder.

The boy was searching for a reason to change the seat with another boy to sit beside her for the rest of the journey.

Sue was not worried, she was good in holding, she had a strong bladder and decided to go in the stadium when they arrived, but there were so many people and a real long line in front of the ladies.

Sue was needing to wee pretty urgently but didn’t want to lose the group and therefore she decided to hold it till the end of the game and to go on the way back to the bus.

She was used to suppress her urge for hours, because she did never use the toilet in the school, she is able to hold her wee for the entire school day.

At the exit there was the toilet and there was again a long line in front of the ladies.

Sue was begging the boy to tell the bus driver to wait for her, she will hurry as much as she can.

The boy replied that she really should hurry, because the driver said that he would leave on time and wouldn’t wait because the way home is long enough.

The driver didn’t really say that, but the boy wanted to make pressure, he wanted that she didn’t take enough time to pee, he wanted that she had to hold it for 5 hours more.

The guy saw the long line and did know that she never would be able to wee because of so many girls in front of her.

He reserved the window place for her and told her it would be better for her to sleep, but on reality he wanted to trap her, he wanted to prevent that she could get out so easily, he wanted that she had to hold it.

“You was really fast! Are you feeling better?“ he asked well knowing that she couldn’t have peed in that short time.

“Yes, i feel a lot better.“ she lied, because she didn’t want it that he and all the other boys know that she would need to wee. She was holding a hurting overfilled bladder in her flat stomach.

The boys offered her again a beer and she could hardly refuse.

She did take it and did drink it very slowly. The boy beside her was happy, excited and aroused about it.

The beer was nearly bursting her bladder, she was needing to pee so urgently that she was already willing to get out at the next stop, she was ready to squat in front of the boys.

It was anyway dark outside, but she would have done it even it was still bright, she simply HAD to piss, her bladder forced her to get emptied.

As the bus stopped finally after 3 hours to let the boys piss was the girl to shy to get out as well. She couldn’t bring herself to pee in front of all that boys, although her need was already unbearable.

It was especially difficult for her to get out because the boy beside her was sleeping, she had to wake him up and that would have been a extra shame for her to admit that she is needing to wee.

The bad boy didn’t really sleep, he did just act like he would, he wanted just prevent that the poor girl could take a much needed wee.

Sue was frantic for to pee but did still stay in the bus. Just as she did take all her courage to wake the guy up to be able to get out, came the other boys back in the bus and the driver started the engine.

Her bladder was about to explode and she was forced to hold it back for more than 2 hours longer.

As soon as the bus moved „waked the guy up“.

He had reached his goal, no wee for the poor girl until at home and 2 more hours holding pleasure for him.

Sue was near her limit, she had her nude legs tight crossed and could no more hide her painful urge.

“Do you need to wee again?“ asked the boy pretended worried.

“No, not again, i am still needing it! I have not weed since i left my home early in the morning, my bladder is about to explode, i am near to pee in my panties.“ answered Sue.

The boy was in heaven to hear that, he didn’t know that Sue didn’t wee when they arrived at the stadium.

To know that she didn’t piss for so long, to know that she was needing to go so bad and to see her fight so hard against her ultra strong urge, made him totally horny.

Sue could not wait to come home and to piss somewhere as soon as they arrive, but there were everywhere people and there was no toilet at the parking lot where the bus stopped.

The boy offered to the girl to bring her home with his car that she had not to suffer for so long as when she would have to go with the bus.

In reality he wanted to have her in his car to see her suffer even longer.

