The trainees!

Author: huberp76

*000*2023-10-16 20:36

A group of archaeologists did go by a little bus to new archeological excavations.

They were four man and two girls.

2 man at about 40, one guy was much younger, he was 21 years and a older professor, he was the leader of the group.

The girls were students, just a little bit over 18 and made a practical during their holy days.

They did all wear kaki shorts, kaki shirts and heavy shoes. The girls shorts were pretty short and the bare legs of the girls were a good view for the man.

At the second, or the third afternoon, asked one of the girls the younger guy “ where do you go if you need to go?”

The girl did know that very well, because she did notice it the days before and the guy did know very well what she meant, but he wanted to talk about it and so he asked “what do you mean with it, were do i go?”

The girl wanted to talk as well about it and answered “i mean your bodily needs, what are you doing if you need to pee?”

”I go just a little away, turning around and doing it. And you, where do you go?” asked the guy.

”We girls don’t go not at all!” answered the girl.

The man was not before in omorashi, he did not even notice that the girls did not wee all day long, but to hear that, made him hard at the moment.

He was absolutely surprised about it and he was surprised that it was suddenly turning him on so much that the girls did not have a chance to wee and not even to squat somewhere.

The girl was proud about her holding ability and bladder performance and wanted to get admired.

”It’s not so easy to wait until at home, sometimes it gets very hard. Sue, so was the name of the other girl, does suffer all afternoon about her full bladder.”said the girl.

”And you? Don’t you not suffer about it?” wanted the boy know.

”Sure that i am suffering, sure that i would need to go, but….” answered the girl.

”What, but????” wanted to guy know.

*003*2023-10-17 20:38

“Sure that i would need to go as well at afternoon when i did not go since early in the morning, BUT, but i am good trained, i have trained myself, i never use the toilet in the school, it is usual for me to have my bladder full and to suppress my urge for hours.” answered the girl.

“That must get very painful, not to wee for so long? Do you suffer right now about your full bladder?” asked the young guy.

”No, i don’t really suffer about it.

But Sue is suffering very bad , because it is like a torture for her to be forced to hold a full bladder for hours, i am common to have my bladder full and sometimes i even like the feeling, need to wee, but don’t go.” replied Magan and smiled.

She wanted to get admired from the guy for her bladder control and she wanted to turn him on that way, because she did know that some guy’s gets horny about a girls full bladder and a girl’s strong need to wee.

The guy, John was his name, was already very horny and had troubles to hide his big, hard penis in his shorts.

Early at the evening, at the way to the bus, stopped one of guy’s, turned to the side and pissed for a long time.

No one of the other looked back, but all of them did know what he was doing.

The girls walked with the professor straight to the bus, but the guys were waiting for the one who pissed just before.

”Did anyone of you notice that our girls don’t pee only once the entire day? Their bladders must be full to explode, after holding it for so long!!!??” said the guy as he came back to the other guy’s.

He was absolutely aroused about that thought and about this circumstance.

He was a little bit a sadist about girls who are desperate for to wee and he did imagine to make them hold a little longer, or better much longer, maybe as long until they can’t hold it back anymore and their small shorts gets wet between their thighs and the wee is running down on the smooth skin of their young legs.

John did not tell to the other’s something about his talk with Magan.

The guys were all turned on very much about the talk and about the imagination how full the girls bladders must have been and how urgently they must have needed to wee after holding it since they left their home early in the morning.

They had to go for more than one hour with the bus back to their down. The girls were sitting with their legs pressed together, especially Sue’s legs were crossed and pressed very hard together.

The sadist did see that and he did love it, he did think about a reason and an opportunity to make the girls, at one of the next days, hold their wee longer, much longer, they should get full to burst, he thought to himself.

*004*2023-10-18 12:38

{{On 10/16/2023 at 11:32 PM, peepal1 said:

Sounds like an interesting topic. Well written

}}

Thank you!!

{{22 hours ago, wether said:

Interesting start. I'm courious what happens next.

}}

Thank you.

*005*2023-10-18 20:55

Since the guy’s talked about the girls „no wee opportunities “, since they are aware that the young girls don’t wee the entire day, since they know that they are holding their urine from sometimes already for more than 12 hours in their bladders when they are in the bus on the way home, were they turned on very much and watched the girls secretly.

Sue did not know about that all and was free with her moves and with her leg crossing, with knee rubbing and with all that what girls are doing when they need to wee very bad.

Sure that she did try to hide her need, as good as possible and as good as she was able to do it, with a big swollen bladder in her belly.

Magan did not know as well about the guy’s talk, but her moves were selective, if only John watched her, she pressed her hands between her thighs, was rolling her eyes and bit her lips.

She wanted express how urgently she is needing to wee and she wanted to turn John on and make him horny.

Magan did already know that she could turn him on with her full bladder and the knowledge that she was needing to wee since hours.

She could see it in his face and she could see it in his shorts.

Magan did like that guy and she felt attracted to him.

John on the other hand, hung his tongue out for that girl and dreamed about to fuck her, maybe before she can wee, with her bladder full from the day.

The sadist was horny as well, because he watched Sue suffering because of her full bladder and her super strong urge to wee and he did imagine to get the opportunity to make Sue wait longer at one of next days. He wanted to give her no chance to go to a toilet, maybe until she wet her shorts.

Only the professor did notice nothing about that all, he did just talk about the excavations.

“How big are the girls bladders already, how much hot girl wee are they holding.“ though the third guy.

He would love to see the girls squad and to see them piss with high pressure for a really long time.

They were near to the city, but it was still rush hour.

*006*2023-10-19 08:28

„It is bad, so much traffic.“ said the professor.

“Yea, that is really bad, more than bad.“ said Sue, loud to herself.

Everybody, except the professor, did know that she did not mean the traffic.

Sue did not know that all the others knew it that she did mean her already painful urge to wee.

The sadist had much joy about that situation and did use each chance to look at the girls and to watch them hold and suffer.

Sue was light bending forward and squeezed permanent her nude thighs with both hands.

It was already absolutely torture for her, but she had to suffer for another half an hour before they were back at the office, which was in a history museum.

As soon as the bus stopped, went Sue with small steps and rubbing knees, straight to the toilet.

When she came to the office, where the others were waiting, said the sadist “it seams that someone was needing to go very urgently!”

He smiled and wanted tease her in a way that he wanted to explain her that she is like a little school girl who had no bladder control, because she is not even able to wait until they are ready with the closing meeting, before they were going home.

It was unfair, because in reality she was a big, strong girl who was able to hold her urine back for over 13 hours without to wet her panties.

”What is about you?” whispered John to Magan.

”I’ll hold it until at home.” she answered and smiled.

John did love that and wanted invite her for a coffee to a coffee shop near the museum, but Magan said “ I would like that, but please not today, i need to go home as soon as possible, because i have to do something very important.” she crossed her legs and smiled again.

John did walk with her to the underground. “Are you suffering now?” he asked full of horniness and with a trembling voice.

”It is already really painful, my bladder hurts, but i am not suffering.” answered Megan.

”Can we then go to the coffee shop?” John asked again.

”You mean that you want to take me to the coffee shop and i will be not allowed to go to the toilet? You want to make me hold it longer, you little sadist want that i torture my bursting full bladder, is it that what you want?” asked Magan.

”Oh yes, that would be great, that would turning me on so much.” answered John straight without to think about, what he said.

”If you like that so much, I’ll hold my wee for you, I’ll torture my bladder for you, but not today, i have a date later at evening.”answered Magan.

”You have a boyfriend?” asked John, disappointed and worried.

”No i don’t have a boyfriend.” answered the girl.

John was disappointed that Magen didn’t have time for him today, but on the other hand he was very glad that she did not have a boyfriend.

.

*007*2023-10-20 21:21

John had his hand around Magan’s waist and walked with her like usually lovers do that.

As they arrived at the station, he kissed her on her cheek and whispered in her ear “keep your panties dry.”

Magan smiled and he thought about that what the young girl had underneath her panties.

He thought how hard she had to squeeze her slit together to resist the pressure in her bladder and he was aware how bad he wanted to fuck that young cunt and her bursting bladder.

Next day at the excavations was it starting to rain at afternoon, therefore they had to stop and had to go home early.

The sadist was disappointed about that. He wanted so much to see Sue suffer.

On the way home, in the bus, she had very well her legs tight together, but she was not really desperate, not so desperate as he wanted to see her.

John invited Magan for a little dinner and after that for a cinema visit.

The girl agreed and it was clearly for both of them, that she would not go to the toilet as long as they would be together.

Their outfit was a little bit unusually for a dinner, but they did not really care about it.

It was a fast dinner with not too much to drink for Magan.

Soda and popcorn at the cinema was obligatory. ” A middle size soda will be enough for a girl with an already very full bladder” said Magan and John agreed.

The guy had one hand on the girls bare thigh, caressed and squeezed it softly.

After a while he opened the first two buttons from her shorts.

”That will not be a good idea what you are doing, my bladder is getting so big that I can’t no more close the buttons before we leave.” said Magan.

”I’ll help you to push it in!!” said John sadistic and pressed softly on the girls swollen bladder.

He did love to feel exactly the contours of her bladder and it was so exciting for him to feel how firm her big bladder was.

How much urine was she holding inside her after not weeing for nearly 15 hours, though John and massaged the girls overfilled peeball.

It was painful for Magan to close the buttons. John loved it to help her to push her bladder back in her abdomen and he did love to hear her moan.

On the way home asked John “ now are you suffering very well!!!?? Don’t you??!”

”It hurts a little and it is a little bit painful, but i still don’t suffer, i like it to hold it and i love it to hold it for you.” answered Magan.

John wanted to make the strong girl hold it for so long until she admits that she is suffering, therefore he invited her to stay overnight in his home at the weekend.

Magan agreed before they kissed good night.

Next day, the weather was fine. It was already late afternoon and as always was Sue suffering because of her full bladder and her strong need to wee.

The sadist was happy and enjoyed the torment of the pretty, young girl.

He went to the professor and said loud, to hear for all “we lost so much time because the rain yesterday, we should work today some overtime.”

The professor agreed and said that will be a good idea to use the good weather for 2 or 3 hours longer.

Sue was near to tears just to hear that, she did know that she was not able to bear up for so long.

3 hours work and 1 hour ride, impossible for her to endure that. Either she will piss herself or her bladder will burst, but no way for her to hold it 4 hours longer, she thought to herself.

*008*2023-10-21 22:08

It became more and more difficult for Sue, every move she was doing was hurting her poor bladder.

She could no more hide her desperation, even the professor did notice that there was something wrong with Sue.

He did not really know what, but he could see that she was suffering.

”Why does Sue looks so suffering?”asked the professor exactly the sadistic guy.

”It is not something really important, she only need to go for little girls.“ answered the guy.

“Oh, the poor thing and it will last 3 hours until she can go. Will she be able to bear up for so long?“ asked the professor.

“That will be not a question, she simply has to endure it, because she has no other way! Girls have a strong bladder.“ replied the sadist with joy and horniness.

“Sometimes not so easy for girls.“ said the professor with pity in his voice, in opposite to the sadist, who did love that so much, full of joy for the next hours.

It was getting more and more unbearable for Sue, her bladder was getting so much tortured from holding back her wee for so long,

The frantic need to wee and the fear about peeing herself in front of all made her crazy.

She could no more do her work because every move was hurting her and was painful especially for her bursting full bladder.

She was leaking up and on and her panties were already a little bit wet. She could no more and no longer, she went in direction bus and wanted squat behind it, but just a few steps on the way she did loose the control over her bladder and started to wee.

She pulled her shorts and her panties down in one move during she already peed and was squatting at the same time.

The professor, was a real gentle man, he turned his head to the other side. All the other guy’s watched her and were turned on very much about to see her naked ass and to see how powerful it was jetting out between her bare thighs.

Sue did not care about that, she simply could not care about it, it was coming out of her and she could absolutely not prevent it.

“Amazing how much she was holding.“ said one of the guy’s to the others.

Sue was very quiet and ashamed about her misbehaving and misfeature and pulled her wet panties and her shorts with a large wet spot between her thighs up.

The guy’s were turned on very much about that great show.

The sadist was aroused as well, but he was disappointed at the same time, he wanted to see her hold it for 2 more hours and to see her fight against her urge, in the bus on the way home.

He was disappointed and a little bit frustrated too and therefore he said to Sue “that was not professional, what you did just before.“

“What do you mean with professional?“ asked Sue silently.

“I mean to piss in front of all the guy’s! Don’t you think that you are a little bit to old for that? You are no more a little schoolgirl, or?You should be able to control your bladder!“ said the sadist.

Sue was still ashamed, but was getting very angry about the sadist‘s world‘s.

“That is not fair what you are saying, you guy’s go three or four times behind the bus during the day, don’t you think that we girls don’t need to wee as well ?“ asked Sue annoyed.

“Sure that girls are needing to wee as well, but if they have no opportunity, they have to be able to hold it until they get a chance, they will be NEVER allowed to squat and to piss in front of guy’s.“ answered the sadist.

“You would never do that, you would never wee your panties, or?“ whispered John in Magan‘s ear.

*009*2023-10-24 06:08

“Never ? I don’t know how much longer it would last until i had to squat in front of all, or until i would wee myself.” answered Magan.

My bladder is very full and my urge is already very strong after not weeing for so long, but i will be able to hold it until at home, there will be no risk for my panties to get wet.”answered Magan.

”You are such a great girl, your holding performance and your super strong bladder turns me on very, very much.” said John.

”You guy’s are all sadist, you like to see us girls suffer, especially from needing to wee and desperation.

It was not fair before, i mean how the guy treated Sue and the way how he did talk with her.” said Magan.

“Sue did it so good! She told me that she was needing to wee since before noon and she was nevertheless able to hold it so many hours longer.

She would have been able to hold it until back at the office, if we could not have worked some hours longer.

It is absolutely not normal, that we girls have to hold our bladders all day long, it is not common that we can’t wee even once from early morning until late evening. Not many girls can endure that.”recharged the girl.

“Maybe that it is unfair and not normal, but it is soooooo arousing and so much turning on for us guys.“ answered John.

Two hours later they were in the bus on the way back to the city.

The guy’s had already noticed that Magan had not weed since she left her home and were impressed about her holding performance. They could see that her bladder was visible bulging in her short shorts, but she still did not show any signs of desperation.

The sadist was absolutely horny about that and did dream about to be able to “play” with her bladder bulge, he wanted to push it, to press on it and to massage it and maybe he did dream about a little bit more.

Magan was sitting with her thighs and her knees pressed hard together. The guy’s did know why she was doing that and did like it and was turned on about it.

Sue’s bladder was already full again, she was needing to wee again urgently and had her legs crossed as well.

If girls holding it for a very long time, they have to go very soon again after they peed the first time.

Sue did try to hide her need during the trip, but went to the toilet as soon as they arrived.

Magan did not go, she did not even go before they left the office although she had not weed since 13 hours.

John went with her to the underground station. He kissed her before she stepped in, she was standing with her legs crossed and said “it will be time to go home, before i doing it in my panties.”

The sexy, naughty girl did know that this would turning him on very much and she did love that.

She did love to feel how his hard penis pressed against her bursting full, bulging bladder as well.

Both could not wait until the weekend.

Magan could not wait until she gets fucked from John.

John did want that as well so much, to fuck that young, sexy girl and he could not wait to torture her bursting full bladder from inside and from outside.

