Marvel Cinematic Universe Series - Page 2

Author: herrokitty

*025*2019-11-24 09:15

I appreciate the suggestions, folks! Unfortunately, I couldn't really grapple with thinking up Asgardian bathrooms, so I'll leave that up to someone else to figure out. In the meantime, here is the next chapter. Warning, there is messing.

Chapter 7: Sharon Carter and Black Widow

Agent Sharon Carter was having a bad day. She had scrambled from Vienna to Berlin to avoid being noticed as cooperating with Captain America and now had to coordinate with Agent Everett Ross the interrogation of the Winter Soldier along with navigating the release of Captain America, Falcon, and T’Challa from capture after their chase in Vienna. By the time the interrogation was about to begin, she realized she was absolutely bursting to go to the bathroom, having pushed that aside all day, but she had to watch the interrogation after working out all the logistics for it. She hadn’t even had time to change from her grey shirt, vest, and blue jeans from yesterday. As she stood watching, she occasionally crossed her legs and clenched her butt without even realizing it.

Agent Natasha Romanoff, or Black Widow, was in a similar position. After surviving the bombing that murdered the King of Wakanda, she herself had to directly head to Vienna to ease tensions between Captain America and Iron Man over the Sokovia Accords, which was intended to limit the authority of the Avengers - Captain America still would not sign them and his actions to defend the Winter Soldier only weakened his case. However, they refused to see eye to eye and she left to watch the Winter Soldier’s interrogation. As she walked away, she realized she had not gone to the bathroom since her arrival in Berlin, but she decided she could hold it for another hour and sat down in front of the screen displaying the interview, subconsciously crossing her legs in her black jeans and crossing her leather jacket clad arms as well.

Unfortunately for both of them and mankind, they realized too late that the interviewer was not a SHIELD agent but Helmut Zemo who had planned to re-indoctrinate Bucky Barnes as the Winter Soldier and coordinate his escape. Captain America and Falcon reached the interrogation room after the power went out, but the Winter Soldier overpowered them both and escaped along with Zemo. Upstairs, Agent Ross began coordinating defenses as Black Widow pulled Tony Stark aside. “Please tell me you brought your suit.”

“Sure did. It's a lovely Tom Ford, three-piece, two-button. I'm an active-duty non-combatant.”

Agent Carter arrived at the scene rolled her eyes at Tony’s flippancy. She led them on. “Follow me.”

They prepared an ambush in the building lobby as the Winter Soldier tore through SHIELD agents. Tony transformed his watch into a gauntlet and began firing on the Winter Soldier, putting up an admirable fight given that he didn’t have his suit. However, he couldn’t hold out for long and was eventually punched several feet back into a set of chairs. This gave Sharon Carter an opening, however, and she ran in and kicked Bucky hard, giving Black Widow an opening to run in and coordinate their attack. Black Widow punched the Winter Soldier hard in the crotch, stunning him, and Carter followed that up with a high kick to the head.

The effort of the kick caused her to spurt and fart at the same time and threw her off for her next kick, which was caught by the Winter Soldier. As he held her in position she realized what was about to happen and began peeing uncontrollably in fear, a turd also snaking out. He sent her flipping away head over heels into some tables, collapsing them and knocking her out of the fight. As she faded between consciousness and unconsciousness, she realized she was peeing freely into her dark blue jeans as she laid on the table and finished pooping, a noticeable bulge and dark stain visible on her curvaceous butt.

Black Widow took over and wrapped her legs around the Winter Soldier’s head, giving her the vantage point to begin elbowing him in the head. She didn’t even notice with each swing, she was spurting into her black pants. He reoriented himself and threw her down into a table, freeing himself from her grip. The impact caused her to piss herself freely as well, though she tried to keep her legs around his neck. Her butt being lifted from the air meant she couldn’t even subconsciously clench her butt closed and she began to shit herself as well.

She vaguely thought to herself to stop having an accident, but he wrapped his metal hand around her neck and began choking her, and suddenly saving her own life was more important than her accidents. The very real possibility of dying right then and there caused her accidents to accelerate and she noisily filled her pants. A bulge was visible, though the black jeans hid the wetness. Fortunately, T’Challa came charging in and took the fight elsewhere as Black Widow semiconsciously tried to regain her breath.

After a few minutes of laying on the ground, Black Widow finally got enough of her breath back to stand up, wincing at the mush in her pants. Agent Carter also was standing back up, facing a very similar situation. They looked around and saw it was deserted, save for some dead agents. Black Widow walked over and whispered, “Umm… Do you know of a bathroom?”

Carter nodded. She could tell they were in the same boat. “Follow me.”

After a minute of embarrassed and silent waddling, they arrived at the deserted lobby bathroom and each picked a stall. They each pulled down their jeans, with Natasha’s ass hugged by black panties with a significant bulge and Sharon Carter’s covered by full cut white panties with a clear brown and yellow stain. Two plops were heard as they both dumped out their underwear before flushing. Black Widow didn’t bother to clean up and she pulled up her panties, not wanting to take off her boots to fully undress, before pulling up her clammy wet black jeans. She winced, but she knew there would be no visible stain given the color and she needed to reconnect with Tony Stark and figure out next steps. She asked, “Are you coming?”

“Umm… give me a while longer to clean up. I’ll find Ross when I’m ready.”

Black Widow left while Sharon Carter pulled up her own panties and jeans. She didn’t actually want to bother cleaning up, she just knew her blue jeans were far more obvious and decided to steal some time to calm down and dry off.

*030*2019-11-28 09:06

This one focuses on Guardians of the Galaxy, Vol. 2. Three-fourish accidents, one messing - Gamora, Ayesha, and Mantis involved.

Chapter 8: Guardians of the Galaxy

The Guardians had defeated the monster Abilisk after pitched battle. They were back in the ship cleaning up to prepare to meet with Ayesha, the High Priestess of Sovereign. She was a pretentious and vain leader, so they needed to look their best. Drax in particular needed clean-up, having jumped inside the Abilisk. He was in the bathroom to shower and to take one of his “famously large” shits, as he freely told his cabinmates who wanted to hear none of it.

Gamora picked out an outfit to change into,a white shirt with a leather shirt over it and red leather jacket over that. She picked out a new pair of black leather jeans, her current pair sweaty like her red shirt designed to go with the jetpack thrusters she had used in battle. She would have loved to beat Drax to the bathroom, actually, realizing as they got back to the ship just how badly she had to go, but in the time it took for her to store the jetpack, Drax had rudely beaten them all to the bathroom.

Outfit picked out, she walked over to the bathroom to wait, her clean clothes thrown over her shoulder. Her face was permanently grumpy and her frown grew as she paced back and forth, stopping occasionally to cross a leg and bend over. To think, a tough and independent girl like her needed to cross her legs to avoid wetting herself - how did she let herself get this desperate. The adrenaline of the fight meant she hadn’t noticed her own desperation.

After a few minutes of pacing and no sign of Drax leaving, she crossed her legs on the spot and bent over, inhaling through her teeth out of stress as she tried in vain to fight back a wave of desperation. The first spurt escaped, soaking her black thong but invisible with her leather pants. She banged on the bathroom door. “Hey! You’ve taken long enough, the rest of us need to get ready for our meeting!”

Drax was unbothered. “This is not a process you can rush.”

Gamora rolled her eyes. She felt another spurt and shoved her hands in her crotch. Though the dark leather didn’t show anything, she felt the dampness in her hands.

By the time Drax exited, Gamora felt the wetness extend to her knees as she slowly leaked in fits and starts over the course of fifteen minutes. She rushed past Drax, the sight of the bathroom causing her to piss continuously. She gave up and merely hopped into the shower and finished soaking herself before removing her top and turning on the water with her pants still on.

When she disposed of her dirty clothes into the ship’s automatic laundry, she hesitated as she looked at her outfit. The shame of her accident fresh, she opened up a small cabinet in the ship bathroom and stuck her hand to the very back. She pulled out incontinence undergarments - a diaper. Staring at it for a minute, she finally decided to put it on before pulling up a new pair of leather pants, a white top with frills on the bottom (which conveniently hid the top of the diaper), and the leather top over the shirt, which held the white top in place and prevented it from rising up and showing her embarrassing protection. With a sigh, she exited the bathroom to put on a leather trenchcoat and then joined the others to meet Ayesha.

Ayesha was the High Priestess of the all-gold Sovereign. As such, she sat on an elaborate throne wearing an ornate all-gold dress that showed her shoulders and a hint of cleavage but went all the way down to her feet. She had to command Sovereign matters and receive all sorts of ambassadors and diplomats all day and she was ready to retire for the day. Hopefully her last scheduled meeting, the Guardians of the Galaxy, would be quick and she could head back to her chambers.

As usual, she had to go a whole day without bathroom breaks, sitting still in her throne and meeting. Given her job responsibilities, she wore diapers, but she had already soaked them once and was desperate, not just to pee, but also to poop. Her butt remained tightly clenched, though she sat perfectly still with her legs uncrossed as the Guardians approached. Ayesha greeted them, “We thank you, Guardians, for putting your lives on the line. We could not risk the lives of our own Sovereign citizens. Every citizen is born exactly as designed by the community. Impeccable, both physically and mentally. We control the DNA of our progeny… germinating them in birthing pods.”

Peter, the attractive half-Terran, responded. “I guess I prefer to make people the old-fashioned way.”

Ayesha spent her days in meetings and sitting, bored with her responsibilities and unsatisfied in all sorts of ways. Peter Quill’s reference to sex excited her and without being able to stop herself, she said, “Perhaps someday, you could give me a history lesson… in the archaic ways of our ancestors. For academic purposes.”

“I would be honored, yes. In the name of research…I think that could be pretty, uh…” Peter looked to Gamora, his companion. “Repulsive. I’m not into that kind of casual…”

Gamora, the aggressive one who was also interested in Peter, interrupted, “Oh, please. Your people promised something in exchange for our services. Bring it… and we shall gladly be on our way.”

The Sovereign guards carried a hooded figure into the courtroom and threw her on the ground and pulled back her hood to reveal Gamora’s sister, Nebula. Ayesha, at her limit and distracted by Peter’s flirtation, couldn’t help but let a spurt go into her already wet diaper as Nebula was revealed. Ignoring her desperation and projecting royalty Ayesha said to Gamora, “I understand she is your sister.”

“She’s worth no more to me than the bounty due for her on Xandar.”

Ayesha ground her butt into her throne and clenched them tight, but to no avail. She quickly responded to cover up the sound of a fart escaping, along with the first third of a turd and another spurt. “Our soldiers apprehended her attempting to steal the batteries. Do with her as you please.”

Peter responded, “We thank you, High Priestess Ayesha.”

Despite her desperation (or maybe even because of it!), Ayesha felt herself a different kind of wet as she looked at Peter. He had to be more than just human. What was his other half? It seemed… royal… for Ayesha to be so beholden to his charm. As she held her poop in place, she couldn’t help but ask, “What is your heritage, Mr. Quill?”

“My mother is from Earth.”

“And your father?”

“He ain’t from Missouri. That’s all I know.”

“I see it within you. An unorthodox genealogy. A hybrid that seems particularly… reckless.”

The small creature, a talking raccoon, spoke up. “You know, they told me you people were conceited douchebags, but that isn’t true at all.”

The tension was palpable as people realized the smallest creature had disrespected the High Priestess. Ayesha froze in the situation. She couldn’t even command the execution of the creature, as the shock of the transgression caused her to begin flooding her wet diaper and she fought to cut it off before it leaked.

Drax dragged Rocket Raccoon off and the Guardians made their leave in the awkwardness that followed. After they left, Ayesha got up to head to her chambers to clean up. As she walked, the rest of her poop exited involuntarily, her dress hiding her accident from her fellow Sovereign. She had done this act multiple times, and she kept her gait stately until she reached her room. Once inside, she began to pant at the combination of disgust and horniness she felt. She was about to undress when she saw a notification on her console. It was a message… informing her that the Guardians had stolen batteries and betrayed them. Enraged at the act and at her situation, she realized she had to go back to command immediately. She lifted up her dress, removed the diaper, and incinerated it before letting her dress fall back down. She headed back out, unclean but safe from discovery by her citizens, to command her pilots into action.

After the long battle and chase and crash landing and camping, the Guardians had met up with Ego the Living Planet, who claimed he was Peter’s father. While suspicious, Peter, Drax, and Gamora joined Ego to his home to validate his claim. After Mantis, Ego’s companion, put Ego to sleep, the four of them sat in Ego’s ship’s common area.

Peter turned to Mantis. “Hey, can I ask you a personal question?”

Mantis, a meek looking bug-faced lady with antennas in black pants and a green top that covered her backside, replied in surprise, “No one has ever asked me a personal question.”

“Your antennas. What are they for?”

“Their purpose?”

Drax chimed in, “Yes. Quill and I have a bet. I say: if you are about to go through a doorway that is too low, your antennae will feel this, and keep you from being decapitated.”

Peter rolled his eyes at Drax’s lack of tact. “Right, and if it's anything other than specifically not being decapitated by a doorway, I win.”

“They are not for feeling doorways! think they have something to do with my empathic abilities.”

Gamora had remained quiet. She had yet to go to the bathroom since her last accident, and she could not see one in this ship. The curiosity got the better of her, though. “What are those?”

“If I touch someone, I can feel their feelings.”

Peter misunderstood. “You read minds?”

“No. Telepaths know thoughts. Empaths feel feelings, emotions. May I?”

Mantis touched Quill's hand; as she felt his feelings, her antennas lit up. “You feel... love! Romantic, sexual love… For her!”

Mantis pointed at Gamora. Gamora was shocked. She felt a spurt escape into her diaper. Drax began laughing loudly. “She just told everyone your secret! You must be so embarrassed!”

Peter groaned. Drax pointed at himself. “Do me! Do me!”

Mantis touched his chest and immediately began laughing as well. “I have never felt such humor!”

Mantis walked over to touch Gamora. Gamora immediately grabbed Mantis’s wrist. “Touch me, and the only thing you're gonna feel is a broken jaw.”

Truthfully, what Gamora felt was shame as she had just lost control and fully wet her diaper. Mantis, however, was also peeing, a wet splotch growing along the inside of her black pants. Gamora was the only one who noticed and couldn’t help but wonder if it was from fear or from touching her. Is a wetting accident a feeling? Gamora let go and Mantis meekly walked back to her seat. The rest of the trip was awkward as the two women sat in soaked silence.

*033*2019-12-01 01:19

{{On 11/28/2019 at 7:42 AM, SAM996 said:

I'm guessing this will continue with Nebula next? Whether she has a bladder still despite having so many robotic parts given she still needed to eat she probably would.

}}

I had thought about it but couldn't think of a situation. I deviated a little with Guardians of the Galaxy, but I'm mostly focused on writing based on scenes existing in the movies.

Speaking of which, I'm motivated to write out a couple of scenarios from Ant-Man and the Wasp (weirdly enough, I'm not sure why that movie stood out to me so much) and I'm committed to an Endgame climax to end the series, but I had a bunch of other small stories that I either couldn't think of expanding or was motivated in fleshing out, so I'm putting them all together in this post. They cover Dr. Strange, Black Panther, Spider-Man, and a scene from Infinity War. Also, I'm reposting a story I wrote from Thor: Ragnarok that I posted previously to make up for the short stories. Some of these stories have messing.

Chapter 9 Part 1: Dr. Christine Palmer

Dr. Christine Palmer was at the halfway point in her shift and just finished writing up some paperwork. She desperately needed a break, her butt tightly clenched underneath her scrubs. She was about to head straight to the bathroom when she heard the most unexpected voice - her former colleague, Stephen Strange. “Christine!!!”

She groaned, both at annoyance at hearing him and at a potential delay for her bathroom break. “What!”

She turned and realized the situation was serious. Strange was dressed… well… strangely and pushing a patient on a bed in extreme urgency. Realizing this was a real situation, she pushed aside her need and helped Strange wheel the patient into an operating room, throwing on surgical scrubs.

Unfortunately, soon into the surgery procedure, the patient flatlined. They did their best to restart the heart, but there was no response and they eventually called the time of death. They cleaned up the operating room and Dr. Palmer removed her surgical scrubs. As she cleaned up, the adrenaline wore off and she realized how desperate she was. A fart escaped involuntarily. She grimaced, stood still for a moment as she collected herself and waited for the smell to fade, then joined Dr. Strange in washing her hands.

He was clearly shaken. He grabbed her hand and held it, unaware of her predicament. She was confused by his change in attitude - he was a selfish prick the last time she saw him. “Are you okay? I don’t understand what is happening.”

“I know. But I have to go now.”

He turned to her and held her face like he was going to kiss her. “You said that losing my hands didn’t have to be the end, it could be the beginning.”

“Yeah, because there are other ways to save lives.”

“A harder way.”

She eyed the floating cape. “A weirder way.”

The intercom called. “Dr. Palmer to the ER.”

Strange held her close. “I don’t want you to go.”

Palmer was strangely moved, though grateful for an excuse to leave given her desperation. She gave him a kiss on the cheek - a genuine one - and walked away. When she was far enough away, she let out an almighty fart before a turd began to escape. She held it in place as she dove into the next bathroom she saw, her cheeks squeezed shut as she felt her poop nestle against the plain white full cut panties she was wearing. She ripped off her pants as she entered a stall and pulled down her panties, noting the clear stain inside. Her poop immediately flew out, splashing into the toilet bowl. When she finished, she knew she had little time to get to the ER, so she pulled up her panties with a grimace and pulled up her pants. She washed her hands thoroughly but resigned herself to knowing she would spend the rest of her shift in dirty underwear and ruin them further.

Chapter 9 Part 2: Nakia

Nakia was chasing wanted terrorist Ulysses Klaue in South Korea, her cover blown but remaining in her green patterned dress that hugged her curves and showed off her shoulders. She was driving a vibranium car with Okoye in the passenger’s seat chasing Klaue’s black SUV. Sitting in one position now instead of fistfighting, she felt the first pang of urgency in her bladder, but she concentrated on the chase.

Eventually, the gunfire from the car ahead ceased as they realized the futility of shooting at their bulletproof car. Okoye said, “Guns. So primitive.”

Nakia was slightly anxious now that she realized she had to go. “What are you going to do?”

Okoye said, “Just drive.”

She reached out and swung to the roof of the car, stabbing the roof with her spear to balance herself. Nakia gestured at the blade in exasperation, given the damage to the car. However, her spear throw that disabled one of the cars was worth it and Nakia hollered in appreciation. They chased down the final car of Klaue.

After an extended chase, they were driving down a steep hill. Over the first crest, both cars made it airborne. As they crashed back down, Nakia felt a spurt into her green thong under her dress. She focused on the chase, though, and kept her foot on the throttle. This proved to be a mistake, though, as they jumped over the second crest Klaue shot the car with a vibranium arm cannon. While the vibranium car took the hit and disintegrated to prevent the energy from injuring the passengers, the fear of the shot and the sensations of the car falling apart was too much and Nakia uncontrollably pissed herself as her car seat came to a halt. She grimaced as she realized she was sitting in a puddle of her own making, but her and Okoye quickly joined Agent Ross to continue the mission.

Chapter 9 Part 2.5: Okoye

Black Panther and Killmonger were fighting for supremacy down in the vibranium mines. Above, W’Kabi’s border troops were fighting Okoye’s Dora Milaje and M’Baku’s soldiers. The battle was long and the advantage swung between sides reguarly, though W’Kabi seemed to be about to pull victory from the jaws of defeat by releasing his battle rhinos. As the rhinos charged through the field, knocking troops aside by the fistful, one noticed M’Baku and charged straight for him. Okoye realized how critical he was as a warrior and for morale and was tired of this unnecessary infighting. She knew this rhino - it was W’Kabi’s, who was until today her partner. She had helped raise this rhino and decided to take the risk. She stood in front of M’Baku and dared the rhino to keep charging.

Despite her calling W’Kabi’s bluff, the fear of a giant rhino charging was too much and she involuntarily peed into her black leather pants under her ceremonial red robe. She was the picture of poise, though, and to her invisible relief, the rhino came to a stop and even licked her in the face. In the heat of the battle and in her black pants, there would be no evidence of her shame, and the victory her stunt would create over W’Kabi was worth the potential embarrassment.

Chapter 9 Part 3: Liz Toomes, Spider-Man: Homecoming

Liz Toomes was a normal high school student on a field trip. That’s why she couldn’t understand for the life of her why she was the one stuck in a malfunctioning elevator in the Washington Monument.

A glowing red crack appeared on the ceiling of the elevator. One of her fellow students pointed it out. Abe said, “Oh man, we are all going to die here.”

Liz tried to be the calm one. It was absurd, really, as they all wore their debate team jackets. She was the only one not, the lanky girl dressed in blue jeans and a red longsleeve. “Just stay calm, everyone.”

Fortunately, emergency responders opened a door above them and they pushed open the ceiling flap of the elevator to begin evacuating. Liz breathed deeply to stay calm. As the head of debate and the oldest as a senior, she had to project calmness for the others. She even managed to stay calm as Flash pushed her aside to be pushed through the roof by their debate teacher next. When the emergency responders lifted him up, though, the elevator jostled and she felt herself involuntarily pee for a second out of fear. A second later and the elevator snapped free and began accelerating. She screamed as she realized this was likely the end and her stomach dropped. She pissed freely, flowing down her blue jeans and her bowels evacuated noisily, filling her panties. They slowed to a stop for a second before it began descending again. A red figure dropped into their elevator as they continued to drop.

She suddenly realized it was Spider-Man. She felt immense relief as he shot out a web to slow them down and felt like he would save them. In the back of her head, she was embarrassed at her situation, but the intensity of the situation prevented her from focusing on it. Certainly, Spider-Man seemed not to notice and just said, “Don’t worry, I got you.”

He began lifting them up to the next set of doors. Liz could start to smell the urine and poop, but it wasn’t too strong and no one was paying attention given the circumstances. Eventually, they reached a set of doors and first responders began pulling everyone out. Liz hung back as she realized she was about to show to the world she had wet and messed herself, but that was a mistake. Before she could get off, the bottom half of the elevator dropped away and she was momentarily in free-fall again. Any last urine and poop she had in her escaped as she screamed, but Spider-Man caught her with a web. Unbeknownst to anyone, her pants were dripping piss down the shaft as he lifted her up. He reassured her. “You’re okay you’re okay!”

He set her down safely outside of the shaft. There was an awkward pause… Liz felt like he was staring at her. At that moment, though, Spider-Man dropped down the shaft and disappeared. The debate coach shouted an awkward “thank you” before they quickly hustled back to the hotel.

Liz was sure everyone noticed her accident, but everyone had the decency not to bring it up. She was their leader and senior, she dealt with everyone else’s BS, and it was a very understandable near-death experience. She was grateful no one ever brought it up to her if they did know, and she retired to her room to have a very needed shower.

Chapter 9 Part 3.5: Michelle Jones

Spider-Man did notice Liz’s accident and in his volatile teenage state it unlocked a bit of a secret of his… not just his secret identity, but an irresistible desire for desperation and accidents. Which is why, the next school year (a whole six years later since it was after the Blip), he was particularly attuned to Michelle’s bathroom habits. That’s when he realized he had a crush on MJ. Their Europe trip was one big tease fest. For instance, once Peter Parker opened the airplane bathroom and MJ was waiting. He stalled to clean up but also liked the idea of making her wait.

Or when they went back from the hotel after the Venice disaster. MJ went straight for the bathroom. Peter couldn’t help but wonder if she peed a little out of fright. Actually, given the water monster, they were all soaked and she could have wet herself without anyone knowing. The thought kept Peter awake. Additionally, when they were on the bridge discussing Peter’s identity in Berlin after the fight with the Fire Elemental, Spider-Man thought he smelled just a whiff of urine. Imagination in overdrive, he imagined she had witnessed their fight and peed out of fright. Certainly, having had to hold it through a long opera before the fight, she might have had to go. Unfortunately, discovering his so-called friend was a fraud and needing to stop him took precedence and he couldn’t dwell on the moment. Along with the emergency of her discovering his identity.

Fortunately, after he had defeated his enemy in London, MJ finally confessed she also had feelings for him and they agreed to go on a date. Their first date back in New York, since she knew his identity, was for her to give him a ride via spiderweb. Swinging through the city, MJ screamed in fright at the sheer speed and heights. By the time they landed, Peter felt a warmth on his leg and was certain she had peed a little on his suit. Her black jeans showed nothing, but she said, “Let’s… never do that again.”

Unfortunately, they were interrupted by billboard announcements that he was responsible for the London attacks. Their date cut short, he would have to jump into action to clear his name.

Chapter 9 Part 4: Scarlet Witch

Wanda Maximoff, otherwise known as Scarlet Witch, was walking Vision back to the train station. They had been secretly dating, stealing moments together since the Sokovia Accords as superheroes on the run. The night was cold but they were talking each other into staying together instead of going back to their roles. Unfortunately, they caught the news coverage of the attack on New York and Tony Stark’s disappearance. Vision said, “I have to go.”

“No, Vision. Vision, if that's true… then maybe going isn't the best idea.”

Suddenly, a hideous alien appeared behind Vision and stabbed him, Vision losing his human visage and returning to his red and gold appearance. Wanda screamed, “Vision!”

A spurt of piss escaped into her black jeans but she gathered red energy to respond to the attackers. As a second alien joined the first, they reached over for the Mind Stone on Vision’s forehead. This bought Wanda time to blast them both away. Vision gasped, “The blade. It stopped me from phasing.

“Is that even possible?”

“It isn't supposed to be. My systems are failing.

Scarlet Witch gestured over his gaping wound, using her magic to knit him back together. Vision continued, “I'm beginning to think... we should have stayed in bed.”

The skinny purple male alien suddenly arrived and knocked Scarlet Witch aside to grab Vision. Meanwhile, the female alien attacked Scarlet Witch with her staff. Wanda countered with her powers and they engaged in close quarters combat around a stone courtyard. Unbeknownst to Wanda, the staff could also fire energy, though, and the alien pulled off a shot that sent her flying. As she crashed into stone, she felt herself uncontrollably piss in her dark grey jeans. She forced herself to get back into combat. As she continued fighting, she heard Vision scream. She managed to blast the female alien into a truck and escape, flying over to Vision. The male alien had the upper hand, but she stepped forward menacingly, ignoring the wetness she felt down to her thighs. “Hands off.”

She blasted him away and grabbed Vision and took off. Unfortunately, a shot from the staff knocked them off course and they crashed into Waverley Train Station. The crash landing caused the rest of her bladder to empty, pooling around her prone body. She crawled over to Vision, ignoring her accident. “Come on. Come on. Come on, you gotta get up. You gotta get up. Come on. Hey. Hey. We have to go.”

Behind them, Proxima and Corvus crashed through the roof and advanced on them, brandishing their weapons. the Scarlet Witch got up and stood protectively in front of Vision, building power in her hands. She ignored the clear dark patch covering the front of her jeans. A little voice in the back of her head told her the aliens wouldn’t even know why she was wet. Fortunately, a shadowy figure stepped in exactly as the aliens attacked. It was Captain Steve Rogers. They would now have the upper hand.

Chapter 10: Valkyrie/Hela

The Valkyrie, Bruce Banner, and Thor. Together, they had their desperate plan in place. Brunnhilde would drop Thor off at the palace to draw Hela away while she and Bruce helped Heimdall evacuate the Asgardians off-planet.

Brunnhilde landed the Commodore and Thor handed her a turret he had "commandeered" earlier. "Here. Now this ship has a gun," he joked.

The Valkyrie smiled back. "I'll take it from here."

Thor pulled something white and blue out. "I found... uh... this. In the armory."

He handed it to Brunnhilde. It was her old uniform and armor. She felt a rush of emotions. Honor and pride to be a Valkyrie. Determination to succeed. Mourning at her lost comrades. And most of all... embarrassment. The uniform was great at giving the veneer of demigod, but the inside had been stained time and time again... she hoped he hadn't noticed. She looked back at him, expecting the worst. All Thor did, though, was smile and say, "Good luck."

She felt that lack of acknowledgement was a tacit sign of respect. She stood up suddenly. "Your majesty... don't die." Thor smiled faintly at the backhanded wish. Brunnhilde followed up, "You know what I mean."

Then, Bruce took the ship up and away.

Brunnhilde went into the bathroom to change. She stripped off the leather armor, beaten up, recently cleaned, though probably still smelling faintly of her bodily functions if she really tried to take a whiff, and stood in the bathroom in just her (new and clean) white panties. She eyed the toilet, wondering if she should try to go before the big fight. Bruce spoke over the intercom system at that moment, though. "We'll be there soon, make sure to set the turret up."

So. No time. Brunnhilde donned her armor over her underwear as fast as she could and stepped out. Her blue cape flowing behind her, she felt more confident than she ever had in her career. They were going to save Asgard. With that determination, she strapped the turret up and made ready to rain hell.

The ship flew to the refugee Asgardians trying to cross the Bifrost. Dead in their tracks was the Fenris wolf, a giant undead wolf larger than their ship. It began its charge at the Asgardians, running down the bridge.

"Now!" She shouted at Bruce. They broke through the clouds and she opened fire, too high up for the wolf to attack. The refugees backed away from the wolf, but on the other side was Hela's undead soldiers. They were caught in-between.

Despite raining a torrent of bullets, the wolf was merely slowed, not stopped. The turret ran out of bullets and for the first time that night, she felt a bit of fear creep up. With it, she was made to notice her full bladder and bowels. She pushed that aside and turned to Bruce. "This stupid thing won't die!"

Much to Brunnhilde's confusion, the mild-mannered and small Bruce Banner saw the fear on her face and reassured her, "Everything's gonna be alright now. I got this. You wanted to know who I am?"

"What the hell are you talking about?"

"You'll see!"

Bruce then jumped out the ship. A knot formed in the Valkyrie's gut, fearing for him. To her astonishment, though, after a gruesome landing... he rose as the Hulk. The Hulk grabbed the wolf and threw them both into the water below the bridge, taking that threat away from the refugees.

Brunnhilde was quickly distracted by the undead soldiers jumping on the ship. She quickly jumped on the controls and tried to save it, but the soldiers ripped off as many bits and pieces as they could. She struggled to control the ship and realized she'd have to put the ship down as soon as possible. She focused on avoiding the refugees, ignoring the split second squirt as she crashed through the pillars and another, longer squirt as she smashed into the Bifrost and came to a stop.

Brunnhilde scanned out the window, wondering if she could get to the refugees in time. Fortunately, at that moment, a huge ship cleared the sky. She saw Loki and rebels from Sakaar drop in, picking up the refugees and fighting off the closest undead soldiers. Moments after, a huge lightning bolt crashed into the palace. Brunnhilde cleared the last soldiers off the ship and smiled at the sight. That had to be Thor.

Her confidence was rewarded by Thor charging across the Bifrost, casting aside undead soldiers with ease. Now was the time to push from the opposite end, Brummhilde thought. She lept out of the ship and marched her way towards the undead soldiers on her side, the Commodore shooting off fireworks in a last hurrah.

Undead soldiers approached her, but she dispatched them with ease. Despite her full feeling bladder and bowels, she was more self-assured than ever. Despite being brought back by the darkest of magic by the most powerful of goddesses, they were no match for a Valkyrie, permanently drunk or not.

Soon, the refugees and Sakaarans were all evacuated on board the space ship. Bruunhilde approached Loki and Thor as they met in the middle, bantering. As the Valkyrie approached, she saw Thor had lost an eye. Loki noticed as well, bluntly stating, "You're missing an eye."

The Valkyrie had no time to react, though. She saw what was at the end of the road approaching. She sped past the two brothers and said, "This isn't over."

The three regrouped and approached Hela cautiously. Bruunhilde watched in disbelief as Hela seemed without a scratch, despite Thor unleashing his full powers on him. The fear caused another squirt and Bruunhilde could feel the soaked crotch of her panties rubbing against her. Thor, too, seemed surprised, though he put a better face on it. "I think we should disband the Revengers..." he joked.

Loki wasn't giving up. "Hit her with a lightning blast."

Thor bickered, "I just hit her with the biggest lightning blast in the history of lightning and it did nothing!"

Bruunhilde tried to act confident. "We just need to hold her off until everyone's on board."

Thor shook his head. "It won't end there. The longer Hela's on Asgard the stronger she grows. She'll hunt us down. We need to stop her here and now."

"So what do we do?"

Thor looked back and hardened his resolve. "Asgard's not a place, it's a people. Loki... this was never about stopping Ragnarok, this was about starting it. Surtur's crown, the vault! It's the only way."

Loki understood and rushed to the vault to revive Surtur to cause the destruction of Asgard and hopefully destroy Hela and her power. Thor and Bruunhilde just had to distract her long enough.

Hela was close enough that Bruunhilde could see her now. She seemed untouched, her spikey crown covering her head, a black cape billowing, her skintight black suit showing off her curves. However, she was close enough Bruunhilde could see a darker splotch of black on her crotch... Thor's lightning had made an impact. Hela was scared. This was winnable.

Thor turned to the Valkyrie. "Shall we?"

Bruunhilde half-smiled and half-grimaced. "After you."

Thor launched into an attack, the Valkyrie close behind. As Hela dodged another of Thor's attacks, Bruunhilde lunged in, slashing at Hela with her sword. Hela grabbed her arms, stopping her cold, and threw her across the bridge. Thor lept over her and began the attack anew. The Valkyrie laid face down a moment as a fart forced its way out and a two second squirt leaked into her panties. As she stood up, she felt it trickle down her thighs. As Thor threw Hela across the bridge, Bruunhilde swore she saw the splotch grow larger, and that strengthened her resolve. However, she could barely hold Hela off long enough before getting thrown across the bridge herself before Thor could recover. This stalemate continued as the refugees attempted to escape, the Valkyrie leaving droplets of urine every time she fell back down.

After yet another toss across the bridge, Bruunhilde could feel her bowels giving way. A turd made its way down and she felt every detail of her anus opening up. She quickly tried to put the disgusted feeling out of her mind and crawl towards her sword, knowing Hela was right behind. As she crawled, she could fear the poop gain further ground, too afraid to be able to stop it. She knew Hela could throw a sword into her at any moment. From behind, she heard Thor call out, distracting her. Bruunhilde took the opportunity to grab the sword, her shit stopping at her panties. She turned around to see what Thor was referencing. Surtur had been reborn, blowing up the palace and growing to many times larger than the largest building in Asgard. It glowed red like the devil, its crown like horns. Hela gasped in fear for the first time. "No!"

From behind, Bruunhilde leapt at Hela as she was distracted, stabbing her into the ground to pin her down. The real victory, though, was hearing the rude noises come out of Hela's bottom. She heard, more than saw, Hela finally shit herself, farting and squelching as she fell to the ground. Bruunhilde could only imagine that her skintight suit was being stretched, covered by her cape. Bruunhilde slid out of the way as Thor struck Hela with lightning, pushing her section of the bridge into the water.

Bruunhilde sighed in relief, her underwear only a slight mess in comparison. She saw the refugee ship fly away and looked to Thor. "The people are safe. That's all that matters."

Thor agreed. They needed Surtur to destroy Asgard, destroying Hela's power and killing her. Suddenly, a green blur flew past the Valkyrie, surprising her. Another second leak sprung out of her before she realized - it was the Hulk! Thor yelled, "No! You moron!"

The Hulk attacked Surtur's crown before Surtur picked him up and threw him back at Thor and Bruunhilde. After a brief and tense argument, Thor convinced the Hulk not to smash, for once. The Hulk sullenly agreed and ran at the two Asgardians. Bruunhilde, fearing the Hulk running at her, backpedaled, now peeing freely; she left a trail of urine on the Bifrost in front of her. The Hulk, though, merely grabbed the two Asgardians before leaping onto the leaving refugee ship, allowing them all to escape. As they landed, Bruunhilde sighed in relief. Her bladder was empty, her chain mail was wet, but no one would notice. She was uncomfortable with the fact that a turd was half-out, but with effort, she kept it from slipping out and took solace that Hela had a much worse accident this time.

From the ship, they saw Hela attempt one last rise against Surtur, who smashed the God of Death back into the ground, presumably killing her. As the ship flew further and further away, Surtur continued his rampage, eventually shattering Asgard into pieces. Bruunhilde couldn't comprehend all of her emotions as she stood by Thor. It was her home for so long, but one she was away from equally as long. It represented her friends; it represented her loss. Thor was even more burdened, as he now had to stand up as king of Asgardians, reduced from the most powerful peoples to refugees. The Valkyrie couldn't wax philosophical for too long, though. She felt the rest of her bowels cramping, knowing she was on borrowed time. Thor proceeded to find someone to help with an eye patch, and Bruunhilde took that as her excuse to find a toilet.

Bruunhilde couldn't be seen as a Valkyrie just asking for a bathroom. She quietly found a female Asgardian and asked, "Where are our common rooms?" The woman pointed her down the hallway, and Bruunhilde did her best to walk in a dignified fashion, knowing that her buttcheeks were pushed apart by shit in that moment. She hoped no one could smell it, though given the crowd, the sweat, and the aliens, she doubted she was making many waves there.

As she predicted, she found the common rooms and the bathrooms right by. She quickly entered and took a stall, thankful most people were outside watching the destruction of Asgard, not using the bathroom. She paused as she felt another cramp and she could feel her bowels descending. She was out of time! She had to undo all the armor plates covering and holding together her one piece mesh suit. As she did so, she felt the piece of poop stuck halfway in her continue its exit, pushing her panties back.

She quickly undid her suit and shimmied out of the one piece, but it was too late - her panties showed a brown stain centered around an orange-sized bulge. She stood there, ceremonial armor at her feet, just in her panties, as the second act followed, preceded by several loud and wet farts. She just stood there, shocked at how close she was but still messing herself, as the bulge grew to the size of a grapefruit. She looked down and saw her crotch was also soaked and yellow, her white panties hiding nothing. She carefully lowered her underwear and dumped the contents as she let the rest out. She took off her underwear completely and threw it away, dabbing her armor dry. After cleaning herself up, a ritual she was now used to, she donned her armor sans underwear and realized that no one knew and she had gotten away with it. Cheered, she proceeded to leave the stall, ready to be the defender of Asgardians once more.

*040*2020-03-12 22:48

{{On 3/9/2020 at 9:18 PM, Edward45 said:

@herrokitty

Will you continue this story? You're so talented and this story is excellent I really wanna see it completed. Plus, that superhero bathroom line would be amazing.

}}

I actually am about halfway through another chapter but work has been super busy. When it dies down hopefully will add on!

*041*2020-03-17 07:25

Hey all, with the isolation going on, here's the next chapter. I only have one more chapter planned after this. Messing warning.

Chapter 11: Hope & Ava Starr

Hope, the daughter of Hank Pym, was walking into Sonny Burch’s restaurant to meet with the slimeball Sonny himself. Despite hating his guts, he was the only lead for her to buy a part she and Hank needed to build a quantum tunnel to find her mom. She was wearing black pants, a black top, and a black jacket and she could feel Sonny check her out as she sat down. She suppressed a shudder of disgust. Sonny greeted her with her fake name. “Ah. Susan! Welcome to Oui! Oui is French for yes…”

Sonny launched into a salesman pitch about his restaurant. Hope ignored him as she noticed an uncomfortable bloatedness and had to hold back a fart. She set down cash for Sonny, expecting to buy a part from him for their quantum tunnel. She said, “Well, let’s hope it also means yes to do you have the component I ordered?”

He laughed. “Have a seat, Susan.”

Wanting to spend as little time around Sonny as possible and wanting to get out ASAP so she could go to the bathroom, she declined to sit. However, Sonny seemed to be onto her. He said, “You know, I have a special friend at the FBI. He tells me things I didn’t previously know. For example, your name isn’t Susan. It’s Hope Van Dyne.”

One of Sonny’s goons pulled out a seat at the table and Hope reluctantly sat down. She tried to look calm but her bowels twisted as she came to grips with the fact that Sonny knew who she was and that this was likely to get complicated.

Sonny continued, “You think that I don't know what you've been building? With all of this? Quantum technology. And you can forget nano-tech. Forget AI. Forget cryptocurrency. Quantum energy is the future. It's the next gold rush. I want in, Hope. So, as a gesture of goodwill, I've taken the liberty of arranging some buyers for your lab. Starting bid? One billion dollars.”

Hope replied, ignoring her gut, “Thank you,Sonny. Really. But my father and I have something slightly more pressing than starting a business. So, I'll just take the component. As arranged.”

“My buyers don't take no for an answer. So, we're either in business together, or we aren't in business together.”

Hope’s face tensed a little due to the implied threat. She clenched her butt as a silent fart escaped from her churning and nervous bowels. She remained calm outwardly, though, as she said, “Then, I guess we aren't.”

“You can go. But, I'm afraid your money's gonna have to remain. Let's call it compensation for my injured feelings.”

“Listen, Sonny. This is gonna be so much easier on everybody if you just give me that component.”

“No, the only thing you're taking from here is my heart. But it will mend in time.”

Hope walked away, pretending to be outdone. She slipped into a bathroom near the exit of the restaurant. She looked longingly at the stalls, but as she removed her clothes to reveal her tight Wasp suit underneath, she knew it would take too long to undress and go and re-dress. She looked down and saw her belly bulge a little with her need to poop before she shrank and stepped out. Sonny and his goons were walking out right at that moment and she flew in, knocking one guy out cleanly.

Everyone stood back in shock and she used the moment to go full-sized and knock out three more guys. Through a combination of shrinking and un-shrinking, she had the upper hand in combat and easily took out the men Sonny sent at her. She felt so good about her skills that she didn’t even feel the urge to go as adrenaline took over. Sonny and his closest bodyguards began to run away as they realized they were no match.

Hope shrank and flew up to the ceiling to see which man had the component briefcase and saw he ran into the kitchen. She flew in through a window and threw a salt shaker, growing it in size so the man ran into it and knocked himself out. Another fistfight followed, but the remaining men were no match and soon Hope had the money and the component. She walked towards the exit, dropping off the money with a stunned Sonny (and crop dusting him with a relieving fart, much to her internal satisfaction).

Hope’s victory was short lived. In front of her was a humanoid in a full grey suit, hooded, phasing in and out of reality. She saw nothing like it before and quivered in fear for a moment. It phased out of existence and Hope put her helmet back on, expecting a fight. Even so, she didn’t expect it to reappear right in front of her and she couldn’t land a hit as it phased through her and grabbed the component. She shrank and managed to surprise it and land a punch, but it disappeared before she could follow up. It reappeared and grabbed her from behind, throwing her into a table.

The weight of falling on the table pushed a spurt of piss out of her along with another fart. She stumbled backwards away from the unknown woman out of fear, another unseen spurt escaping. She shrank to disappear then regrew, kicking a cart at the enemy. She phased, though, and walked unimpeded.

As the stranger stalked Hope across the room, Hope shrank at the last second to avoid the hit. The exertion released the rest of her urine, but as she peed freely in her miniature mode, she faintly realized her accident shrank, too, and her dark colored suit showed little discoloration. However, when she returned to normal size, the stranger was ready and grabbed her by the neck and slammed her into a pillar. The fear of choking and force of the hit caused Hope to lose control again, and she noisily farted as a turd escaped and curled up in her suit. She clenched shut, feeling more coming, but she irrationally felt relief simultaneously as she was choked due to the release of pressure and lessened bloating.

Fortunately, Scott showed up in the Ant-Man suit and defeated the intruder. They rushed back to the van, but the intruder had beaten them there and stolen their lab. As they bickered on where to go in the enclosed van, Hope could start to smell herself and hoped the others didn’t4 notice. To Hope’s secret relief, they agreed quickly to go to Luis’s security firm. As Hope settled into the driver’s seat, wincing as she felt the mess squish, she suggested stopping at a gas station to change so they didn’t show up in their suits. She, of course, had other concerns.

They soon pulled into a gas station and Scott and Hope walked in with a change of clothes. They ignored the odd look by the cashier. Scott slipped in immediately but Hope had to wait for a patron to finish. As she waited, her half-released load came back with a vengeance and she let out muffled farts as she paced. A couple minutes in, Scott left his room changed and Hope slipped in before he could talk to her. She felt her anus open up at the sight of the toilet. She shut and locked the door, but it was too late. She uncontrollably pooped herself next to the toilet. She just stood there in shock. After, she could see a clear bulge in the mirror. She gingerly took off her suit, now in just her bra and full cut black underwear. She dumped the load out and threw away her stained underwear before getting to the work of cleaning and changing.

Part 2

Ava Starr, known as Ghost, was finally about to succeed in piecing herself back together. Using Janet in the quantum realm, she would stop her phasing that was tearing her apart. No one was left to stop her. She started the procedure and locked herself in the chamber to regenerate herself.

She was almost surprised when she felt it working. The phasing lessened and she could feel herself in less pain, not tearing herself apart. What she hadn’t considered was that with her phasing, it had been all day since she had used the bathroom. She hadn’t even been connected to reality enough today to notice. Suddenly, her body intact, it noticed a full day’s worth of desperation. Immediately, a spurt of piss escaped and a fart released, stinking up her own chamber. Her knees buckled as she held it, but she didn’t care much now that her life wasn’t about to end.

However, her victory was short-lived. Ant-Man and the Wasp entered and immediately pulled the plug. Enraged, she kicked open the door and first kicked Ant-Man across the room. However, fighting both at once in her weakened state was too much. Ant-Man kicked her in the gut when she was unphased and she involuntarily peed as the first half of a turd escaped, hanging on. She didn’t even notice the strange sensation of phasing mid-accident due to her pain. Wasp followed up with her own kick, and this one sent her flying and the rest of the turd escaped. As she stood up, the grey suit hid none of the urine as her crotch was dark and her legs followed suit. She didn’t care, though, and chased after the Wasp.

Hank and Janet, in that moment, came out of the quantum realm. The vehicle crashed into Ava, and as she flew into the wall and into momentary unconsciousness, she vaguely wondered what would happen to her accident when her molecules ripped themselves apart.

A few minutes later, she awoke with a start. She was uncontrollably phasing. The others, like Hank, Scott, and Hope backed away in fear. Ava was just scared, though, defeated and facing imminent death. She stumbled towards them, unsure what she wanted. Janet, however, came closer and put her hands on her head. Somehow, Janet stabilized Ava. Ava began crying and laughing out of relief and the two strangers, one almost killing the other earlier, hugged.

Ava was now in solid state and her earlier desperation returned. She had already pissed herself, her suit legs darkened, but the remaining poop escaped quietly as she hugged. She didn’t care once again, this time due to relief. Her tight suit showed a clear bulge, but no one bothered noticing given the weight of what had just occurred. Unfortunately, Luis then announced the police were present, and Ava had to escape once again instead of cleaning up. Now, at least, she would live to fight another day after escaping.

*044*2020-05-11 02:04

Hey all, I sort of lost steam and actually haven't had time in these quarantine times to do more, but wanted to finish this to wrap it up, so here it is.

Okoye was in full ceremonial garb - her red and brown Dora Milaje uniform, tinged with vibranium, was on as she grabbed her spear. Their sensors had picked up a spaceship’s entrance on Earth above the Avengers facility. It had to be Thanos. She rushed to gather the troops. Based on the last battle, she doubted the surviving Avengers could even last as long as the time it would take for them to fly over. As she issued commands, she realised her bladder and bowels were sending her signals, but she pushed them aside. Duty called.

Shuri awoke with a start. She felt unreal - like she had awoken from a deep slumber. Her last memory was fighting Thanos’s troops… then… did Thanos win? She looked around, perplexed. Hundreds of Wakandan troops were on the ground, picking themselves up and looking around wildly. Out of the trees walked out their king, T’Challa - or Black Panther. So, did Thanos win? Where was he? Her thoughts were interrupted by a piercing stab of desperation and she crossed her legs in her leather and vibranium outfit. She remembered she desperately had to pee as the battle dragged on...

Mantis quickly got up, touching herself all over to convince herself she existed. She last remembered turning into dust… And having to pee. She was no longer dust, but her bladder ached. She looked around. Did she just come back? How long was she out for? She saw Dr. Strange gathering everyone. She followed Quill and others, keeping her legs shuffling slightly to ease the urge to pee. Dr. Strange explained, “Thanos succeeded but we’ve been brought back. There isn’t time to explain; I must open a portal immediately for us to rejoin the others and defeat Thanos.”

First, though, Dr. Strange opened a portal to communicate to others in his order. He told them to open a portal for other Avengers and allies, such as Wakanda. Mantis listened in agony, knowing she had to pee but knowing there was not enough time to go before the batt4l.e Even if there was time, who knows where she could pee in privacy on this dead planet. She wondered if she would survive another fight with Thanos. Would her bladder survive?

As Okoye organised the formation of Wakanda’s troops, scouts reported that a large group of soldiers and T’Challa himself had reappeared. For a moment, Okoye forgot her desperation as she could not believe the good news. She was both skeptical and joyous. She was not far from the old battlefield and to her shock, T’Challa soon appeared before her alongside Shuri. He said, “Are you ready to fight Thanos again?”

Okoye stood up straighter. “Your highness, Wakanda is at your command.”

As she stood up at attention, a silent fart and split second leak escaped, unseen and unheard. Her ears burned with embarrassment. What she did not know was in that moment, Shuri had leaked as well, having been unable to stop for a bathroom. In fact, Shuri was about to excuse herself when an orange circle appeared. A strange man dressed in a yellow robe appeared. He said, “Your highness. Dr. Strange sent me. I and my comrades are to open portals for you and your troops to join the fight against Thanos.”

T’Challa nodded, seemingly unperturbed by a stranger appearing. Shuri and Okoye, meanwhile, had let out another leak in surprise at the sight. T’Challa began the work of organising their troops on the field with the stranger and his companions leading to open portals when they were all assembled. Okoye and Shuri joined the efforts, rueing the inability to take a break but both grateful for the distraction from their urges.

Back on Titan, Dr. Strange announced that everyone was in position and to be ready for battle. He opened a portal, showing a desolate, bombarded brown field. He and the Guardians of the Galaxy stepped through to face Thanos and his army. As she walked through, Mantis felt an almighty pressure on her bladder. With battle imminent, she just gave up and piss gushed into her leather black pants, soaking the new ground she stood on. The moment felt heroic but that feeling was ruined for her by her accident. Funnily enough, little showed on her black pants and given the horde of enemies in front of her, she was glad to put it out of her mind.

A few hundred feet away, Okoye and Shuri stood beside Black Panther. They appeared regal and ready to save the day. Only Okoye knew that underneath her red top that covered her rear and inside her leather and vibranium black pants, her cheeks were split open by a log about to escape. Her crotch felt damp, but she felt blessed her uniform bottom was black. Shuri’s bottom was a mixture of dark brown and blue, but it too showed little, which Shuri was thankful for. She had leaked multiple times as they prepared the troops, and she knew underneath she was soaked.

Scarlet Witch flew in and landed beside the Asgardians that had heeded Dr. Strange’s call. Valkyrie had gathered up troops with just few minutes to spare, and as she sat on her winged horse in her white armor, she felt her cheeks clench and bemoaned that she did not have time to stop at the bathroom first. In fact, she was headed to the bathroom when they were called upon, and she had put the needs of the Avengers above her own. Given her weak bladder and bowels, she doubted she could last the battle, but the situation was too dire for her to fret.

Scarlet Witch had been returned to life from Wakanda and as she prepared for battle, she realized she had needed to go by the end of that battle but never got the chance. Now returned, her desperation also returned anew, but she put that thought aside to focus on having her revenge on Thanos for taking away her beloved Vision.

Wasp, too, had been returned to life and had no time to attend to her bodily needs before suiting up and joining the battle. The adrenaline kept her thoughts at bay, but she remembered clearly her last accident battling Ghost.

Pepper Potts, too, had gotten the call and she was determined to be by Tony Stark’s side. She made sure Morgan was in bed, called Happy to babysit, and immediately went to Tony’s lab. Tony had made her an Iron Man suit, blue and fitted to her, which she donned as quickly as she could to fly through a portal. She had been practicing because she knew this day would come.

Only after she arrived did she realize she had to use the bathroom. F.R.I.D.A.Y., the AI integrated in the suit, could obviously read her biometrics and knew the same. It spoke to her in her comms, “Pepper, your need to empty your bladder and bowels will distract you from the upcoming fight. I recommend you go in the suit. The suit will not be harmed and can accommodate it to not distract you.”

Pepper’s ears burned with embarrassment. This was her moment to stand by Tony, not be babysat. She ignored F.R.I.D.A.Y. and surveyed the battlefield. Captain America stood at the front, facing down Thanos and his alien horde. A moment of stillness hung as Pepper resisted the urge to cross her legs in metal armor before he called on them to assemble. Troops shouted out and ran after Captain America to meet the foes head on as Thanos called on them to charge as well. Pepper steeled her resolve and put her desperation aside to focus on the battle.

As she ran, Shuri could feel a leak with every footstep. She found it surprisingly easy to ignore, though, with the loud din of everyone yelling and sprinting into battle. She finally went ahead and let herself pee freely, feeling the warmth spread down her legs. By the time she met the enemies and began firing on them, she was empty and could not care less, her accident difficult to see even in normal circumstances.

Okoye involuntarily emptied her bladder as she ran as well, but she was less nonchalant as she could feel her poop come dangerously close to escaping. She clenched her butt as tightly as she could while running, trying to focus on that and running and preparing for battle and peeing at the same time. Giving up on her bladder allowed her to keep from messing herself while running, but fighting was another matter. She parried an attack with her spear before counterattacking, but the impact caused the first half of a log to escape and hang out. Even amidst the battle where no one could notice, she felt embarrassment course through her.

Pepper was similarly embarrassed as she fought. She was not trained for combat, and the sheer force of impact from shooting things or getting hit often stunned or frightened her, and she felt herself leak more than once. After a particularly intense moment shooting lasers in the air, F.R.I.D.A.Y. spoke up. “You have leaked 68 millilitres of urine and have had six bouts of flatulence. With release, your combat efficiency will go up fifteen percent. Pepper gritted her teeth and kept fighting in both senses.

Meanwhile, Gamora had just shot those attacking “Star-Lord.” He looked stunned as he got up to approach her. “Gamora… I thought I lost you.”

She suddenly realised this is who Nebula said she would fall in love with in the future. He put his hand on her cheek and the human contact and her disgust to him was more intense than any fight and she spurted pee out of shock and surprise. She didn’t let it show and grabbed his hand, twisting it, before knee-ing him in the testicles. “Don’t. Touch.”

Back at the front lines, Okoye was being pushed back. She couldn’t hold it any longer and as she parried blow after blow with her spear, the log finished escaping and curled up in her seat. She took the relief to get her second wind and counterattacked, killing all her nearby attackers. Black Panther looked approvingly at her skills, probably not realising she had a load in her pants while she did it. She conceded her desperation was interrupting her abilities and took the momentary lull to relax her butt muscles as a second and third log flowed out easily, bulging out her black pants but generally hidden due to the flowing red tail from the harness over her body suit. Pants full, bowels relieved, and ears hot with embarrassment, she jumped back into battle, ignoring how her load swung back and forth with her movements.

Pepper, too, was clearly slowed by her desperation. F.R.I.D.A.Y. gave her another update. “You have leaked 279 millilitres of urine and released 44 grams of feces. Combat efficiency is reduced by 27%. Please seek relief.”

It didn’t matter what Pepper wanted. As she fired shot after shot at the incoming horde, her spurts turned into a dribble that turned into a stream. Her ass opened up and the rest of her first log slowly snaked out. She ignored it and concentrated her fire, the only sign of her accident from the outside the fact she stood planted in one place, feet apart, as she fired shots and peed and pooped. Enemies came in fast and furious, but she held her ground and the onslaught slowed temporarily as she finished peeing and pooping. She did feel relieved, and the suit made her feel like she barely had an accident. She really should have gone sooner. F.R.I.D.A.Y. sounded happy, as well. “604 millilitres of urine released and 622 grams of feces released. Combat efficiency near optimal.”

Pepper ignored F.R.I.D.A.Y. yet again and jumped back into the fight.

Scarlet Witch approached Thanos, both to distract him from them trying to run the gauntlet to the quantum tunnel where Ant-Man and the Wasp waited and to get her revenge for Vision. She warped three huge boulders at him as she flew in, ignoring the minor spurt of piss from her overfull bladder as she landed. She continued to fire bolts of red energy at him, gaining the upper hand as her rage allowed her to send his blade flying away. She entrapped and lifted him up the air, the sheer energy beginning to rip his armor apart. Her anger and concentration and effort was so great she didn’t notice a small dribble began and started to leak into her jeans, spreading a small dark spot around her crotch.

However, before she could incapacitate him, he called on his spaceship to fire down upon them, killing both the Avengers’ allies and Thanos’s own troops indiscriminately. Scarlet Witch had no choice but to let him go to protect herself and a bolt landed beside her, sending her flying. She crashed into the ground, the impact causing her to fully piss herself.

The bombardment stopped Spider-Man’s run with the gauntlet before Pepper saved him and hoisted him on Valkyrie’s winged steed. Unbeknownst to Spider-Man, Valkyrie had already leaked multiple times in fear, but she focused on getting the gauntlet to the van with the portal amidst the bombardment. It took all her concentration to steer her winged horse between missiles and soon she faintly noticed she was peeing freely into her armor, likely out of stress and urgency and fear. Fortunately, Spider-Man was so focused on hanging on for dear life that he didn’t notice the trails running down her legs or her horse’s sides. She hoped her horse didn’t care…

The cannons were too intense and a shot exploded nearby, sending them spiraling and Spider-Man falling to the ground. Valkyrie hugged her horse’s neck, praying her steed would get its bearings before they crashed to the Earth. She could feel her bowels descend in fear as they fell but could do nothing to hold it back as her butt lifted off her horse’s back and she violently and loudly messed herself. A whole load came out at once and she swore could hear the squelches and farts over the din of explosions around her.

Suddenly, the bombardment stopped and Valkyrie gingerly sat back down, hoping her cape hid her presumably brown rear in her white armor. Her horse didn’t seem to notice or care as they took back off into the air to rejoin the battle.

The carnage stopped as the ship turned to face a new threat. Captain Marvel finally arrived, flying through the ship and destroying it like it was paper. She had saved them for the time being. The other Avengers were in awe. Little did they know she had been on a mission on a different planet and had flown straight to Earth, forgoing any break for rest or bodily needs.

She landed by Spider-Man and the gauntlet. He mumbled, “Hey… I’m… Peter Parker.”

She smiled. “Hey Peter Parker. You got something for me?”

He handed the gauntlet to her. He nodded at the oncoming horde. “I don’t know how you’re getting through that.”

A slew of superheroes arrived to punch a line for Captain Marvel. Scarlet Witch showed up first. “Don’t worry.”

Okoye arrived second. “She’s got help.”

As more female superheroes showed up, Captain Marvel couldn’t help but notice the faint smell of piss and shit. She wondered who had an accident but knew she was uncomfortably full as well and it could very well be her next. She committed to finishing the mission before that happened.

Unbeknownst to her, Wasp was the only superhero beside her who didn’t have an accident yet. Scarlet Witch’s dark jeans were soaked. Shuri’s leather pants and Mantis’s were as well. Okoye’s red uniform hid the bulge in her pants while Gamora had a plate-sized wet spot on her brown pants. Valkyrie’s pants were utterly ruined, her accident only hidden by her cape. Pepper Potts was only spared embarrassment by her suit. Wasp had left Ant-Man alone to help since he had the tunnel covered, or so she said. She had really left so she could let out some long and loud and embarrassing farts away from him. She could feel the tip of a turd sticking out and swore her crotch was wet but she steeled herself for battle. At least she could have her accident away from Ant-Man, who looked up to her.

They charged the oncoming horde. Wasp shrunk to surprise attack the first wave. The first punch she threw coincided with a two second spurt. She hit another alien with her knee and half of the log slipped out. Over the next couple of minutes, every hit she landed or landed on her resulted in a little bigger of an accident. After a few minutes of intense close quarters combat, she was empty and could feel the soaked inside of her suit, though its dark blue hid her wetness. Its tight form did not hide the orange-sized bulge in the back, though. She sighed, but after taking stock and knowing there was nothing she could do, she shrunk down to fly towards a new group of enemies to fight.

Captain Marvel, meanwhile, was flying towards the van, but right before she arrived Thanos thwarted her by throwing his sword into the van, blowing up the quantum tunnel. Captain Marvel flew backwards, sending the gauntlet elsewhere and her into boulders. As she tumbled into rocks, she could feel her bladder involuntarily contract and a spurt of piss escaped, along with another as she came to a stop.

She got up groggily and realised Thanos was almost to the gauntlet, having pushed aside Iron Man, Captain America, and Thor. She flew in, swinging a hard punch to knock him away. She deflected his counterpunch and swung again into his face, pushing him back. She reached for the gauntlet in his hand, but he grabbed her arm and swung her around. She flew away, peeing for another two seconds as she crashed into a boulder. She involuntarily farted as well. Thanos put on the gauntlet and prepared to snap, but Captain Marvel flew back and grabbed his fingers, preventing him from closing his fist.

The effort and exertion required to draw even in a tug of war with Thanos meant Captain Marvel began to pee freely, the warmth spreading inside her suit. Despite that, she began to win and overpower him. However, he grabbed a stone out of the gauntlet to use against her. She realised too late his plan and her eyes widened as she let loose the first log out of fear. He punched her with the stone, sending her flying back. As she was knocked out momentarily, she involuntarily let out the rest of her load, creating a large bulge in her red and blue uniform.

Fortunately for the Avengers, Iron Man came to the rescue to battle Thanos and steal the stones back. He sacrificed his life to use the stones against Thanos, ending the threat. Given the enormity of the battle and the overwhelming sadness they all felt over Tony Stark’s sacrifice, no one paid any mind to the accidents of the female superheroes. What mattered was honoring Tony and putting together the pieces of their world after their victory.

