The carnival parade

Author: huberp76

*000*2024-02-14 10:11

This story happened to some extent in reality. Years ago i had a similar experience, but i write it a little differently to my own experience and therefore i post it in “fiction.”

Peter and his friend has been active at a carnival parade.

There have been many cars with different funny topicals about film heroes, fairy tales and something more.

The convoy of cars started at a little country town and went after some hours to another small town where it ended.

Peters car was a large one, there were about 10 young people, mixed girls and boys, on the platform.

Although it was it could, as it is usually in our country at carnival time, did the girls wear very small and thin costumes. They wanted to be sexy and therefore they did show a lot of their young, smooth, naked skin.

To keep them warm, they did drink a lot of hot drinks, some of them with alcohol.

They did apparently not think about that all that fluids what they putted in at the top in their bodies had to come out below.

It did not last very long, already after a few hours they were needing to wee, but there have not been any toilets around.

They started to talk about their needs and about their problems with their full bladders and they started to move their sexy bodies more directed from their urge to wee than to the rhythm of the music.

”You can’t imagine how urgently i would need to go to the toilet.” said one of the girls.

”Sure i can, i do it almost in my panties.”answered the another girl and crossed her bare, sexy legs.

Peter and his friend loves it very much if girls need to wee but can’t go for some reasons , they gets aroused very much to know that girls hold a very full bladder. It was an absolutely eldorado for them to be with so many girls together who were needing to wee so badly, but had no chance to go.

Boys could jump down from the car to piss somewhere against a wall or in the bushes, but girls could not do that, there were to much people around. The girls had to hold it and were getting more and more desperate.

”My bladder became big as a soccer ball.” said one of the girls and massaged her nude, swollen belly.

”My bladder will burst if i can’t go very soon.” said another girl, with also a visible bulging bladder.

The girls had goose pimples on their naked skin, from being cold and from needing to wee beyond words urgently, but they had to hold it. They had no other chance than to hold it or to wet themselves.

To see the girls fight with all their willpower and their bodily power to keep their panties dry and to hear them moan and whine from needing to wee so badly and so painfully, to see their swollen bladders in their bellies was so absolutely hornymaking and turning on for the boys.

Hours after so much torture for the girls, they were starting to move to the neighbor down.

On the way stopped the convoy of more than 20 cars on a small country road, for to let the boys do a much needed piss.

30 boys or more were pissing beside the road. There was no shelter, nothing to hide for the girls. Nearly all of the girls were full to burst but they couldn’t go . The girls bladders were stretched to the size of a soccer ball and were hurtling them very bad, but they still had to hold their urine back in their sexy, bulging piss balloons.

3 or 4 girls were also squatting beside the road in few of every body. They did not, or could no more care about others, they were pissing with high pressure and a very far distance . They pissed full force for a by long time.

The boys did give them a big hand for their piss performance and for their great erotic show.

The girls must have been full to explode and very much in pain to do that, but the girls on Peter’s car were as well in pain and full to explode, but they did stay on the car.

”That is not fair, that is unbearable, that is extra torture for our bladders.” said one of the girls.

They started to compare the fullness and the size of their bladders. They did show each other their swollen bellies and their bulging bladders and they did feel the hardness of their bladders.

The 2 poor boys did nearly cum in their undies from horniness.

”What do you think, how long are girls able to hold their wee? How much pee can they get in their bladders? asked Peter his friend.

”I don’t know, but it would be interesting how much longer it would last until they piss themselves and it would be interesting as well how much wee they have been holding.” answered the friend.

”If you look at their bellies and if you see how much their bladders are bulging out, then you can imagine how much wee they are holding inside and how urgently they are needing to go. Unbelievable how withy girls can be and how much they can endure if they have to.” said Peter.

”Why did you not squat down at the road?” asked Peter one of the girls who had her legs tight knotted.

”We have learned discipline in our residential school. They taught us a lot and they taught and trained us to control our bodily needs.” answered the girl.

”How long would your discipline last before you have to go in your panties? Show me your panties, are they still dry, or maybe already a little bit wet.” asked Peter.

”Oh what a naughty guy, you want to see my panties and i am sure you want to see that what is beneath my panties as well.” said the girl and smiled.

”Oh yes i would love to see that, best then when you let all your wee out of you!” answered Peter horny as hell.

After 20 minute’s peeholding show extreme , they arrived at the main square of the neighbor city.

There were only 2 porter loos for so many peoples.

So many bursting girls were standing in line in front of the loos. They had their sexy legs tight crossed, they were rubbing their knees, they were bending over with their hands pressed hard between their thighs.

Some were squatting with one hand on the panties and pressing hard against the slit where the wee wanted to come out so urgently.

Peter and his friend had never before seen so many girls at once desperate to pee, it was like a dream for them.

One girl gets more and more sexy the more desperate she gets, but so many half naked girls who were acting so different in their frantic need to wee, were nearly to much for the 2 poor horny boys.

This hot erotic show could have lasted for hours for Peter and his friend.

My own experience was similar and i love to remember about it very much.

*002*2024-02-20 22:44

{{On 2/18/2024 at 1:29 PM, Sudoers said:

This is my favorite scenario. I wish I were there. Unfortunately, there was no similar thing happened in my memory.

}}

I absolutely agree with you, i like that scenario as well very much.

This story is not exactly like my experience was but similar.

Carnival is in winter and our winters are usually very cold, but at that especially day it was unnatural warm for a winter day and therefore did the girls did show a lot of their young, smooth, bare skin.

They wanted to be sexy and they were sexy!! It was turning me on very much to see their naked legs and bellies after many winter weeks.

The most exciting and arousing for me was that the girls were needing to wee after a while and after some drinks, but that they couldn’t go anywhere. They had no chance to wee! They had to hold it back and to suppress their urge for hours.

They could not hide and they did not hide their need to pee anymore.

They did talk about their strong urge and about their painful overfilled bladders. To see them move their bodies from needing to wee, to cross their legs and to press their hands between their naked thighs, to see how some of them massaged their swollen bladder, made the girls even more sexy and made me totally horny.

Then after hours of bladder torture for the girls we stopped at the country road for to let the men and boys piss.

The girls were full to burst, but still could not go, they had to watch the boys and had to hold it.

That was absolutely hot and arousing. How must a girl feel at such a situation!!??

You wrote that my story is your favorite scenario. What especially do you like? What is your favorite part?

