Locked Out

Author: hollend12

*000*2018-04-04 05:21

“Hey, babe.”

”Sarah! How’s it going?”

”Good, I guess? I just got out of lecture, and I really have to pee. I might be a couple minutes late, the only bathrooms in this building are on the other side.”

”That’s alright, take your time.”

”Thanks, Matt. Love you, see you in a bit,” Sarah hung up and put her phone in the back pocket of her skinny jeans.

She left the lecture hall in a haste, her empty water bottle in hand to throw away later. Sarah made a lot of bad decisions leading up to this point:

- She had a huge cup of coffee on her way out the door because she spent the whole night studying.

- She skipped her morning pee because she fell asleep on her couch ten minutes before lecture started.

- She didn’t excuse herself after her bladder filled up halfway through lecture, so she probably didn’t retain any of the information because she was too focused on keeping her bladder in check.

And that’s why she is where she is, speedwalking to the restrooms on the other side of the building with an overfull bladder threatening to empty its contents into Sarah’s jeans.

She approached the restrooms, her lower abdomen aching for release. Elated to finally empty her bladder, Sarah hobbled as quickly as possible to the door of the women’s room.

”What?!”

There was a sign taped to the door: “CLOSED FOR CLEANING. CHECK BACK IN 15 MINUTES”

Sarah stared at the door in disbelief. A wave of desperation crashed over her, sending a sharp pang through her bladder. She doubled over, crossing her legs to hold back the piss threatening to escape.

She called Matt again, running out of options.

”Hey, babe. Oh, fuck.”

”You alright?”

”Yeah, I just really have to pee. The restrooms are closed for cleaning. I don’t think I’ll make it if I walk to the restaurant and go there. It’s bad.”

She held a hand in between her legs, pressing down hard on her crotch.

”Can you, I don’t know, find a public restroom? They’re all over, right?”

”There’s bound to be a line. I don’t know, I guess— shit!”

Pee spurted out of her, but she quickly got it under control.

”I just peed a little. Babe, I don’t think I can hold it much longer.”

”It’s that bad? Do you want me to pick you up?”

”Uh.. Uh, sure. I’ll be in line at the public restroom by McDonald’s, okay?”

Sarah hung up again, gathered her things, and hobbled out of the lecture hall. She tried her hardest to walk straight and not give away that her bladder was two seconds away from bursting, but the desperation was getting to be too much.

Another wave hit her. She moaned under her breath and sat down on the park bench in front of her, crossing her legs tightly and leaning forward. Scared that she’d leak if she moved, she stayed in that position and called her boyfriend again.

”Hey, change of plans. I’m at the park. I sat down and I think I’ll piss all over myself if I stand up again. Can you pick me up there?”

”Yeah. You’re not gonna piss in my car, are you?”

”Not if you hurry up. Oh, fuck.”

”What?”

”It hurts, babe. Hurry up.”

She hung up. She couldn’t sit still. The pressure in her bladder was unbearable. She unbuttoned her jeans and got a good look at her bulging bladder.

Soon enough, a car pulled up. Matt got out and opened the passenger door so Sarah could quickly get in. She hobbled into the car with a hand in between her legs.

She squirmed with both hands holding herself in the passenger seat. The seatbelt pressed uncomfortably on her bladder.

”Try to find a restroom with no line,” Sarah ordered, knowing she didn’t have long until her bladder gave up.

”I’ve been looking. There’s lines everywhere.”

”Then can we try to go home? I can’t hold it for much longer.”

As Matt pulled onto the first urban road past the city, Sarah let out a loud groan and started stomping her feet. He watched a wet patch spread across the front of her jeans as piss leaked out of her aching bladder.

With both hands on her crotch, Sarah finally got it under control.

”Oh, fuck me! Please pull over. I can’t hold it. I can’t. Oh, my god.”

Matt sped past houses and found a stretch of road simply surrounded by open fields. He pulled over and stopped. Sarah unbuckled, opened the door, gasping as the climbed out of the car.

She tried to pull down her jeans, but her bladder simply couldn’t wait. She started pissing full-force into her jeans, the warm liquid hissing out of her and streaming down her legs. She moaned, unable to contain herself as relief and pleasure overtook her.

”Oh, fuck, that feels so much better.”

She finished peeing after a minute. She felt oddly cozy in the warm wetness around her legs.

”Nuh-uh, you’re not sitting in my car like that. Take off your pants and panties.”

“I’m not getting naked—!”

”I’ll watch and make sure there’s no one around, come on.”

Sarah stripped from the waist down and sat back down in the passenger seat.

”Let’s go home and get you pants. And then we can finally have dinner, huh?”

”Yeah..”

Sarah kept finding herself playing with her lady bits. She was getting wet for a different reason this time. She drew circles around her clit, teasing herself. By the time Matt pulled into their neighborhood, Sarah was fingering herself, letting out loud moans and calling out Matt’s name. He told her to stop until they got home, which had her a whole other kind of desperate.

He pulled into their driveway, gave Sarah his jacket to cover herself with, and walked with her through the door. As soon as the latch shut, he pinned her against the wall and fingered her slowly and pleasurably.

”Fuck,” she moaned, kissing his neck. “I might have to start pissin’ myself more often.”

